[{"Movie":"A Monster in Paris Un monstre à Pa...","Title":"Always my Angel","Author":"B.LotusFlower","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12092743","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Always my Angel \"Oh, Sylvie sweetie. Please calm down.\" The girl continued to cry as her mother gently held the child against her chest. Lucille paced back and forth as her daughter's cries seem to grow louder. She groaned. \"Franceour, where are you?\" Lucille muttered staring outside the window at the dark blue sky and shinning stars. Earlier in the day had been too much, it all went wrong after Sylvie's trip to the doctor's. The physician was the best in the business and also was an expert on insects. He knew of Sylvia's heritage and was sworn to secrecy. Lucille sighed at the memory, Sylvia was only supposed to have a regular check-up, but it was discovered there was a shot the child missed and the doctor gave it to her. Afterwards, he told Franceour and Lucille that their daughter will be in pain for a few hours because fleas were more vulnerable to it. With Sylvie being half, the physician assumed her pain would pass after a short time. He was wrong, the girl cried into the day and now here it was night. Franceour in the midst of attempting to settle his daughter left. Lucille was upset her husband did, but couldn't blame him. A person including a flea can only take so much before snapping, in Franceour's case running away. She envied him, as a flea his appendages allowed him to travel as far as he wanted to go. If only she could leave too, immediately guilt filled her. Lucille looked down at the red-eyed girl and kissed her forehead. She loved her little Sylvia and wouldn't trade her for the world. Guilt turned to anger as Lucille's thoughts moved to her missing spouse. The woman wondered if he was roof-jumping or instead spending time with Raoul or Emilie. She frowned, rubbing Sylvia's back, her cries not as bad as before. Then again, what if Franecour was in danger or worse hurt. The flea may have matured in many ways, but he was still naïve when it came to criminals. Fear crept into her heart and she walked over to the phone wondering who to call. \"Maybe Emilie and Maud then Raoul. If they haven't seen him, I'll call the professor. If anything we can rally a search party, while Charles watches Sylvie.\" Lucille said as her fingers inched toward the dials. Pausing, when she heard a thump on the kitchen balcony. Footsteps entered the room followed by a soft chirp. Lucille breathed a sigh of relief and hung up the phone as Franceour approached her with a soft smile, taking a teary-eyed Sylvie from her mother. Lucille went into their bedroom, throwing herself onto the bed, exhausted. She could hear Franceour's chirping and Sylvie's giggles from the other room. Lucille rolled onto her side relieved that her daughter wasn't crying anymore thanks to Franceour, but it didn't stop her from being upset with him. He deliberately walked out to do whose knows, while she alone handled their crying offspring in her condition. Lucille rubbed her head, it began throbbing from unhandled stress. She sat up taking a sip of water from the glass in her room. Just as she did Sylvie ran into the room showing her mother a small toy station wagon. Lucille smiled. \"Did your father give that to you?\" Lucille asked. Sylvie nodded with a loud chirp and moved the wagon around on the floor. \"Uncle Raoul!\" So that was where Franceour had been. Her eyes were traced on the doorway when Franceour entered their bedroom. He didn't notice Lucille's temperament as he took off his dark brown coat and hat. Leaving Franceour in a grey vest and brown pants. \"Sylvie, my sweet. Your father and I need to talk. Can you go put on your pajamas?\" Lucille muttered trying to keep herself level headed, she didn't want her daughter to see how angry mother was at father's absence. The girl chirped and went to leave the room, but not before she planted a kiss on Franceour cheek. The flea nuzzled his daughter and gently ushered her across the hall to her room. Franceour then turned to Lucille, his emotions going from being joyous to sadness. He knew his wife was angry, probably beyond because of him. Earlier, as he was cradling Sylvie, Raoul drove up to their house in his truck. The flea had no choice, but to sneak out. Lucille didn't know, but it was their 7th anniversary and his wife's present was located in the next town. It took several hours to get the present, along the way Franceour sang to Raoul about Sylvie's predicament. The man offered the flea a toy station wagon he had as a kid. He planned on selling it, but considering Lucille stole it from him as a child, its best if her daughter has it. Franceour nodded in agreement, happy not only to have a present for his wife, but also for his little angel. His thoughts were only on Lucille when the pair retrieved the present and when Raoul drove the flea back home. The man wished him luck before taking off, Franceour wondered why, but standing here with Lucille he knew now. \"Franceour how could you! You left me alone with Sylvia who by the way has been crying for all hours of the day! I didn't even get a chance to practice for our performance and I am near exhaustion!\" the woman shouted before collapsing again on their bed. The smell of moisture reached the flea and he sat down, pulling Lucille towards him. With hands on her cheeks, she cried in his chest. \"I felt so alone as if you didn't care and before you say anything I know you were with Raoul.\" Lucille whispered sobbing even more. \"Why Franceour? What were you two doing?\" she muttered as her husband walked over to his coat pulling out a clear glass case. He smiled giving it to his wife: \"Happy Anniversary my Angel.\" Franceour sang. Lucille gasped, placing a hand over her mouth, she completely forgot about this important occasion. Married seven years, Lucille though she would never see the day. With a smile, she opened the case revealing a white rose corsage. Lucille squealed she had been looking everywhere for one to go with her gown, but they were sold out. Tears overwhelmed Lucille's eyes and Franceour began to panic before being pulled into a passionate kiss. Their lips meshed, working against each other as their arms embraced the other. \"Thank you Franceour, I love you.\" Lucille muttered through their kiss. Franceour responded by pulling her to his chest and deepening their kiss. It was interrupted, when Lucille pulled away. She held her stomach and hurried to the bathroom. Gagging was heard as Franceour rushed to Lucille, holding her hair back from going into the toilet bowel. He chirped in concern, holding Lucille to his chest. She chuckled, holding onto his shoulders. A look of flirtation crossed her and peppered small kisses against the flea's head. Franceour held Lucille close looking quite confused at her behavior until the woman placed his gloved hands on her abdomen. \"This my love, is my present to you.\" Franceour let out a wide smile as he picked up his wife and twirled her in his arms. Another baby was more than Franceour could ever want. \"Mommy, Daddy?\" The pair paused as Sylvie walked into the bathroom. She rubbed her eyes with a small fist before looking up at her parents. Franceour gathered the child in his arms as Lucille explained the situation. Sylvia jumped happily in her father's lap and hugged her mother. \"Brother or sister?\" the half-flea asked. Lucille giggled kissing Sylvie's cheek. \" We will find out soon enough, now off to bed.\" The girl pouted and looked to her father who chirped in agreement to her mother. With a sigh, the child kissed both parents and rushed to bed. Franceour then gathered Lucille in his arms carrying his growing family to bed. ","Summary":" Always my Angel \"Oh, Sylvie sweetie. Please calm down.\" The girl continued to cry as her mother g"},{"Movie":"A Monster in Paris Un monstre à Pa...","Title":"Predator, Mon Amour","Author":"OwlEyes112","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12351449","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello my lovely readers! I'm so surprised that a few of you were interested in this story! Unforunately, it's been delayed for over a year now, and I'm sorry to say it's grown pretty stale since it was first published. I had hoped I might return with a better plot layout, but I just don't have any solid plans to continue it. I do write other stories for different fandoms, so check those out if you'd like! -OwlEyes _ His eyes narrowed predatorily, and he growled. But the growl…it was different. It didn't convey anger or agitation…but lust. The sound ripped erotically from his throat, and left a very twisted impression on the air between them. \"You smell good, Frankie.\" Francoeur swallowed, body shaking with adrenaline. This alleyway was too small. Too dark. \"Where've I seen you before?\" the predator asked. The question was laced with teasing, as if he already knew. Francoeur stepped back, eyes flicking to either end of the alleyway. Was there a way out? That was the question. \"Come on,\" he cooed, advancing a single step, closing the distance that Francoeur had tried to widen. \"Don't you remember me, pretty boy?\" \"Stop, please.\" The words were clear, and louder than Francoeur had intended. But the steadiness was false, and he saw his advancer's smile stretch sadistically. He liked the fear. He lapped it up. \"Aw,\" he pouted. \"now that's just rude, Frankie.\" Francoeur took another step back, and felt the solid smoothness of brick behind him. \"In fact, you could even say…\" the figure pressed right up against him, their chests touching. Francoeur flinched, attempting to turn his head away. The stranger's head tilted with his, narrowing in, until they were sharing the same breaths. \"You hurt my feelings,\" he finished, opening his mouth obscenely close to Francoeur's. It was too close. Too much. He was trapped. Nowhere to run. \" Stop,\" he whispered, aware that he was pleading. The attacker was aware too. The very fact of it hung between them, savored and clutched onto. \" Please. Please stop.\" The man leaning against him pretended to consider it, and then clicked his tongue. \"Hmm. You know somethin', beautiful? You smell even nicer when you're scared.\" Then his hands, his long, cold hands, wrapped around Francoeur's neck, and he pulled his mouth to his throat. His teeth, sharp and angular, scraped down Francoeur's pulsing jugular. Francoeur didn't know what to do. This wasn't how it worked. People were kind. People were nice. Yes, some had looked at him differently. And one had even sought to end his life, thinking he was a monster. But no one, no one… had ever touched him like this. This…whole thing…wasn't anything close to human. It was hungry. It was animalistic. But…why? How did this man know him? And then, like a sharp slap to the face, it dawned on him. And if he had paused, woken up from his panic for even a second, he would have seen it. He would have felt the four hands that curled around his neck. ","Summary":" Hello my lovely readers! I'm so surprised that a few of you were interested in this story! Unforuna"},{"Movie":"A Monster in Paris Un monstre à Pa...","Title":"He Knew","Author":"B.LotusFlower","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11454424","Passage":"[Chapter 1] He Knew From the moment they met at kids, Raoul knew Lucille was something special. She was a ray of sunshine that had miralcously appeared in his life. He was too young to know at that time, she would change his entire world. Years passed, they went their separate ways. He sold goods to the towns' folk while Lucille entranced them with her voice earning the girl a title as their angel. Through all circumstances, they remained friends despite their busy lives. On occasion an argument or two would occur, but it never affected their friendship. Raoul admired Lucille and loved her more than anything, but somehow he knew in his heart someone else was meant for the angel. How could the naïve man have known that the person wasn't even human at all. Due to Raoul's tomfoolery, Francoeur was born. A kind, sensitive flea with a heart of gold and voice smoother than silk. Those who saw him called the flea a monster, no one understood his true nature that was until he met Lucille. Like the others, the angel was terrified believing the rumors spread from the cowardly town folk. But upon hearing his voice, Lucille felt for the creature and took the flea in, giving him a brand new start. Having Francoeur, was risky for both Lucille, Raoul and their friends. But nevertheless they protected him, almost losing him in the process. Raoul had never seen Lucille in so much pain, her tears like the falling rain that drenched the earth as they huddled in a row boat to shore. His arms wrapped around her as she gripped Francoeur's hat tightly in her hands. He knew the flea had left a special imprint on her heart, it was seen as Lucille's eyes brightened when she discovered Francoeur had survived the chaos. She thanked Raoul, many a time for his efforts in protecting the flea and in return Lucille gave Raoul her heart. But he knew it wasn't wholeheartly. The pair went on many dates which mostly included a simple picnic or a stroll around the town. They didn't kiss or flirt in fact nothing really had changed except Lucille's behavior. When the pair had conversations, Raoul would talk about his business while his angel would go on and on about Franceour. At first, it was just about how childish and clumsy he was considering the flea did live with Lucille and her aunt. Eventually, she began talking more about the flea as if he was a man. Raoul noticed how her lips would curve in a smile as the angel talked, a light blush appeared on Lucille's face along with a longing look in her eyes. She spoke in utter adoration and love something the man knew wasn't for him. Raoul went home cursing to himself at how selfish he was for attempting to keep her as his. Lucille loved the flea it was obvious and by the way she spoke Franceour had matured immensely. He needed to know, did the flea love her in return. If so like a gentlemen Raoul would let her go with the one his angel truly loved. He couldn't recall whether it was a Tuesday or Thursday when Raoul found himself knocking on Lucille's door. He knew she wasn't home, but her aunt and Franceour were. His angel's aunt opened the door allowing her niece's boyfriend inside, she was curious about his arrival, but though nothing of it as he roamed the hall to Franceour's room. He saw the flea with a serious expression on his face tapping wildly on the keys of the piano. Raoul was in shock, Franceour was completely focused, writing down a note or two as the keys played on. It had only been two and a half years, the flea acted human no trace of the former other than his appendages which had some muscle and a dark tone to them. The man cleared his throat surprising Franceour a little before the flea smiled and took his hand, inviting the man inside the room. He showed Raoul his dozens of music sheets filled with notes, the man was into music much, but was very impressed by Franceour's composition. The flea truly had a gift. A spark of jealously shot through Raoul, but he sustained it and pushed the papers aside asking Franceour if he cared about Lucille. The flea chirped not facing him, but the piano had a song entitled \" My Heart and Sorrow\" . Raoul began reading the lyrics placed above, the whole song was a confession for his angel and the flea's feelings about her being with another. Raoul felt his mind go blank and left the house to his own. They loved each other, he knew it from the start and the man knew what to do next. Raoul appeared once again at Lucille's home and he sat down to talk with her confessing how it would be better to remain friends. The angel shed tears as Franceour came in from the next room having heard the conversation. Raoul led him to the crying young women and combined their hands before leaving for the door not daring to look back. Now here Raoul was three years later dressed finely in a black tux a bottle of sparkling cider in front of him. He had been the best man at their wedding and was watching the pair dance the night away. Crowds huddled dancing alongside the newlyweds with happiness and good wishes. Despite his pain, the man gave the bride and groom a thumbs-up. Then Lucille in a stunning white wedding dress walked over with her new husband. She embraced Raoul whispering a thank you, Franceour chirped happily patting him on the shoulder. He then gently took Lucille's hand and guided his wife back to the floor. Raoul watched the newlyweds leave, for a moment imaging himself in the flea's place. For the first time a tear fell from his eyes, yes he knew from the start that Lucille was never meant to be with him. But no matter what in the name of their friendship, he would always be there when she needed it. Because Raoul he loved Lucille and would never stop loving her. ","Summary":" He Knew From the moment they met at kids, Raoul knew Lucille was something special. She was a ray o"},{"Movie":"A Monster in Paris Un monstre à Pa...","Title":"Lucille's Run Off","Author":"Well of Allsparks","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12027939","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I was only mildly satisfied with the stories here for Un Monstre a Paris. I love that movie so much, you don't even know. Absolutely in love with this movie, and I own both versions of the soundtrack. But one thing that I do particularly love about that movie is one that I didn't find any story really focus on or, to be honest, even take into consideration. I love Franœur and Lucille's relationship; the singing and the dancing. Franœur is a giant flea that loves to dance and sing, specifically with Lucille. During that first song together, La Siene, he was vibrating. He couldn't resist himself, he HAD to go down an dance/sing with her. To be honest, I don't think there's anything more on his mind than going on that stage with her, and that's adorable. Well, I don't own Un Monstre a Paris. I don't own the music, the characters, or any of the above. But I just freaking love it. Please enjoy this story. Sitting patiently on the love seat, I watched as they all flew around the room as if there were enough space for it. It's as if they didn't even noticed that they would brush past at least two other bodies on their way to their destination, before quickly turning and picking out a new destination on the opposite side of the room. I chirped lightly, to point this out, but they were too caught up in their rush to even noticed, not that I minded. I just sat back and continued to watch curiously. The room is a small one, as I've learned, but it usually fits three or four inhabitance fairly well if they aren't all in such a rush. Even as I humored this, Emile stumbled outwards into the wall as Roul tripped over the shorter man. I leaned over automatically, reaching out only slightly when he caught himself on the small table there. I twittered cautiously, hoping my friend hadn't gotten hurt. With such a packed room and everyone so worked up, someone's bound to get hurt. That's why I should just stay here sitting, since I'm so much larger than them. \"I'm fine, Franœur.\" Emile straightened his hat, barely glancing at me. That was the first time any of them had paid me any attention for the past several minutes, so I chirped in delight and sat back up straight. He was already pushing back into the throng, a paper grasped in his hand that I hadn't noticed at first. Now, I decided to follow him with my attention, twisting my head and bobbing to try and get a good look at the paper he held. His is the first face etched into my memory, the first human face I had the capacity to recognize and the first human face I had known to scream in fear at me. Of course, that was long ago and now he is one of my friends. He would never scream at me like that again, and the thought of the friendly smile he gives me now made me purr in happiness, looking between the paper I was still trying to get a look at and his anxious face. I have seen Emile scared when we first met, and I've seen him frustrated when Roul teases him. I've seen him flustered when Maud is close, and I've seen him happy all the other times. I've even seen that strange, content-proud face he makes when he plays a movie for us at his theatre. But I can't really place his expression now. He was looking around, bobbing between the others that were moving around just as anxiously, talking in an anxious voice, but his face was... not scared. Not frustrated or flustered either, but somewhere between all three. Eventually, I gave up on trying to see the paper and turned my attention to watch the others' expressions. They all had that look, or at least their versions of it. I've watched my friends closely and loyally, coming to know them well. Therefore, I can tell that they are all nervous and frustrated. I can only infer that the others that are here, none of whom I knew as well but I have seen around, were in similar states. The only one I didn't understand really was Lucille's. Hers is the face I can read the best; hers is the body language I read the best. I watch her and dance with her so much, I hope to call her my closest friend. She is my favorite, at least. If I can claim Emile, Raul, and Maud as my friends because I know their face-languages, then I think I can claim Lucille as my closest friend because I know her body-language the best. It's she who I always want to please before the others- which occasionally contradicts each other -and so it is her face that I want to see the most in this throng. I don't know the expressions that all of these friends have, and I don't know what's going on. But if I could just read Lucille's face, I would understand. Surely I would know exactly what's happening, even without her talking to me. For if she were here, she wouldn't ignore me like all the others; she'd take the time to look at me and realize I have no idea what they're doing, and she'd explain it to me. She always does. So what confuses me about it is, why isn't she here? Why isn't her face-expressions here, even though this is our room? This is our dressing room, and yet all these other people are here without her presence. I chirped sadly, looking between them all again. Perhaps she is here, but only lost in the throng? This is the forth time I've thought this and tried to sniff her out, and every time I reach the same conclusion; that she isn't here. I smell her perfume clinging to the entire room, but it's flattened and vague because of everyone else here. Why are they all here? Why are they touching all of her things? Where is Lucille? I twittered again, ducking my head and watching them all with increasing apprehension. I want to stand up and draw their attention, so someone would tell me what's happening. Or maybe make my way the two strides it takes to leave the room from here, but I'm trapped here on the love seat. It's crowded enough already, I would only make things worse. Putting myself in there would only endanger my friends' safety and disrupt whatever it is they're doing. \"Franœur. Franœur!\" Someone was trying to get my attention. I shook my head, snapping out of it. I had gotten distracted as I looked towards the open dressing room door longingly. But it's Roul, waving a hand in my face. I chirped in acknowledgement, briefly apologizing for the lapse. \"Did you see this note? Were you there when Lucille put it here?\" He was now holding the paper Emile had earlier. I sat up at my chance to finally see what was on it. I took the paper eagerly to read Lucille's thin handwriting. I'd know it anywhere! The notes she writes on my music sheets, when we're practicing together, are always so much more elegant than mine. It's so easy to tell which parts she had scribbled in, even if we'd both written the piece. I loved to look at the handwritings dancing across our music pages. The two different styles mixed freely, and nothing made me happier except actually doing the song together... But as I read it, I shook my head. Looking back up to Roul, I let him take it back and twittered nervously. All of their expressions were starting to make sense to me. \"So you didn't see her this morning?\" He asked. I shook my head, not even realizing that she had no intention of showing up today. \"Come on, Franœur, my man. My flea! Surely you know something, you follow her around like a lost puppy half the time!\" I twittered sadly, shrinking back. When I came in, Aunt Carlotta was sitting in Lucille's place doing something. I hadn't really paid any attention, because she comes in here a lot. Instead, I had gone to the mannequin that wore my costume, and once I had my stage-disguise on, I sat in my usual place and awaited my angel. I hadn't even noticed anything amiss about her absence at the time, and soon after, everyone else started to arrive and I've been so distracted that I didn't even realize it's half an hour past the time our performance usually begins. \"Great.\" Roul threw his arms up, tossing the paper in the air. Aunt Carlotta jumped to try and catch it, but it floated over her fingers and curved in the air back towards me. I reached out to catch it and stared at it once more. All she says is that something's happened, and she won't be able to make it tonight. \"Did you see anyone else come this way or anything?\" Aunt Carlotta asked, reaching to take the worn paper back. I handed it over willingly, shaking my head. \"Oh, the poor dear. There's no sign of her here or upstairs. She doesn't usually run off like this.\" I stood up then, surprising everyone. They'd stopped dashing about as much, so I assumed it was safe enough to turn sideways and wedge my way from the room. \"Franœur, where are you going?\" Someone asked, and I chirped dutifully. If Lucille isn't here, then there's no reason for me to be. All of my friends here don't need my help to rummage through our dressing room, I don't know why they're doing that anyways, so I'm going to go find Lucille. She sleeps upstairs, so I slipped down the hall and around until I found the stairs. I don't usually go there, but once, she had brought me upstairs after a show and pulled me into a room about the size of the dressing room, but with less stuff. There was a large soft surface she called a bed, and a vanity far less cluttered than the one downstairs. She'd sat me down on the bed and went to the vanity, pulling out a small wooden case with a needle and threat, to 'stitch up' the tear I'd accidently made in my favorite hat. She'd grinned at me and gave it back, proclaiming it 'good as new', and I'd been so happy. So that room is a good room, where things are fixed. However, when I pulled the door to it open, it was cold inside. Colder than I was expecting, at least. There is snow on the ground, and the fire places are all lit, but for some reason, the window in this room is open. I went to shut it firstly, knowing well enough that it should be shut when it's cold like this. Only after the frigid breeze had stopped did the air start to get stagnant again and I picked up the familiar scent of her perfume. It's stronger in here than downstairs, where the jumbled scents of all my other friends were mixed together. Their smells are each unique, and while they aren't as strong as the beautiful aroma of the flowers we get after each performance, I still know them well enough. Walking over to the vanity and twittering sadly, to see she isn't here, I looked in the mirror. Still in my mask and hat, ready for a performance we apparently won't be doing tonight, I suddenly felt as if I shouldn't be here. I don't actually know much about the upstairs of the Rare Bird, but if Lucille isn't up here, then I don't really need to be here anyways. So instead, I went back downstairs and directly towards the back door, the very same door I first came in weeks ago. Looking both directions, wondering if I could find that wonderful perfume in the air anywhere else, I chirped discontent. Where is Lucille? For the briefest moment, I contemplated turning to walk down the alley and out onto the street, taking advantage of my already-prepared disguise to roam Paris in search of Lucille. However, I quickly dashed the idea and took to the rooftops. It's dusk, and I'm sure I stick out more than I would if I were wearing the black cloak and hat, but that was the least of my worries right now. I haven't the slightest idea where she might have gone, because I really don't know much about human lives outside of the Cabaret or Roul's delivery route yet. The only place I know where to go now is on the far side of the city, and I didn't want to waste any time getting there. I landed on the roof of a building across the street from the lab. Dropping down and into the street, I started straight for the large glass building. As I entered, without knocking because I knew this place as my own home as much as the Cabaret is, the familiar and comforting smell of flora and warm humidity reached me. Despite the snow still falling outside, the Professor always seems to manage to keep it warm in here. \"Franœur.\" The Professor noticed me, before I did him. I stopped where I was and looked around, surprised to find him in the creepers, covered in grass stains. \"To what do I owe this visit? You haven't returned here in quite some time.\" I moved closer, letting out a distressed twitter and ducked my head. He chuckled and shook his head. \"I'm sorry, my friend, but I'm not sure what you're trying to say.\" He checked his watch and stood up proper. \"Shouldn't you be with that lovely singer of yours right now, doing a number? It's Saturday, you should be very busy right now, eh?\" I gestured with my hands, chirping impatiently. That's why I'm here! Lucille is missing! He put his fingers to his chin, pinching as if stroking a beard. For some reason, I felt as if he had one at one point. Nevertheless, I waited anxiously, wishing I had shed at least the coat and gloves so my arms were free. \"Now, if I'm not mistaken, you wouldn't miss one of those shows for the world. Not unless something terrible happened.\" I nodded vigorously, hoping he could help. Even when I was just a tiny flea in the fur of a monkey, I knew of the strange things that happened in this building. Even the bugs of the area know to avoid flying near the lab shelves. I exist as I am now because of what this professor can do, despite the fact he was not directly responsible. Surely he can help me simply locate my angel. \"Have you run into any complications with your size? Health? Any side effects of the potion? I've only attempted to put a permanent edge to my potions recently, and while it doesn't seem to do anything other than what is intended, I've never put it on a living creature before. I did mix it with the growth serum, however, before I gave it to our mutual delivery friend.\" He pointed towards a large wooden stool he was now using as a table. I shook my head vigorously and twittered excitedly. Oh, how I wish I could call upon my voice outside of song. I don't speak, nay, I cannot speak until the moment strikes me and the music is right. And now is not the time for a song! I stopped immediately, an idea hitting me just as the professor shook his head in another denial of understanding my thoughts. Lucille nearly always understands me, even if she didn't have any context to my vocalizations. However, she is the one in question and I know exactly how to get my point across. Motioning in the air with all for arms through my sleeves, though they twitched in my anxiety. I withdrew the lower set and reached out of my jacket, spinning expertly and swaying with a melody only I heard. I hear it clearly, and even as I danced, I watched the professor for the realization dawning on his face. \"It's about the little angel of yours, isn't it? Then, is she missing.\" Sliding to a stop, I nodded and looked to him expectantly. Please, help me. He shook his head sadly. \"I'm sorry, Franœur. I have not seen the lass since the two of you stopped in last week.\" My shoulders slumped and I sighed, looking around dejectedly and wondering what to do now. \"My potions are for changing things, not finding. Has she run away, or has she been kidnapped? Or has she only gone off somewhere?\" It seems as if she's only gone off somewhere, but she hasn't told anyone. She intentionally left it out of the note. But where could she have gone? \"Think, Franœur.\" The professor seemed to have finally caught on and noticed I assume it's the third option. \"Could she have said anything to you? It doesn't seem likely to me that she would have disappeared without any warning whatsoever. Try to think, Franœur.\" I looked away, wondering if she had mentioned anything to me. But, I haven't seen her since last night. She had gone upstairs, as she always does long after the cabaret showing and I stay in the dressing room. Sometimes I leave to visit with Emile or Roul, and I've fallen asleep in any multitude of places while visiting everyone, but I usually sleep in our dressing room when nowhere else catches my fancy. She ascends the stairs, and that's all I see of her until the next day. And I haven't seen her at all today. But she did seem distressed last night. I hadn't understood what about, because she hadn't wanted to talk about it. It hadn't mattered, because playing what we'd written so far on my guitar cheered her up far more than talking about it. Maybe this has to do with that? She'd... I think she'd mentioned Maynott's name, which is when I started to play our song on the guitar. It's the second one we've written together. I chirped adieu to the professor before leaping towards the doors and opening them civil-like. But as soon as I was outside, I lept upwards and out, towards where they held Maynott. We had visited him once before, and it was not a trip I had enjoyed. The man scares me, despite the fact he no longer has the golden metal weapon, nor the power to attack me again at all. But if for whatever reason Lucille had come here, she shouldn't be alone. When I landed in front of the large building we had gone to talk about how Maynott had 'turned rogue'- as Roul had put it -I dropped down to the street once more the instant no one was watching. I'm not really supposed to go out in public alone, but that's one of the reasons I kept my stage costume on. When I entered the building, I got nervous looks and looks of recognition. I nodded to each one, looking around for my angel. After a few moments, one of the men that had given me a look of recognition nervously approached me. I know that my size intimidates everyone, even if they aren't calling me a monster. Well, everyone except my friends. \"Monsieur Franœur?\" I looked down at him expectantly, chittering lightly. To everyone that doesn't know what I am, Lucille asked me to try and be silent so they suspect nothing. \"Are you here with Mademoiselle Lucille?\" I nodded eagerly, catching on to the fact she's here. I've found her! \"I didn't know she was expecting company... ah, right this way.\" He bowed his head and started towards one of the doorways behind the counters. I followed obediently, looking around as we went through for any signs of my angel. Her beautiful white dress and wings, her brown hair, her pleasing perfume. Despite the fact this man had told me she's here, I was starting to worry I'd fallen into another dead end! Where is she? Wait. I closed my eyes and sniffed the air again, finally catching faint wind of her smell. Like the weight of my seven foot body releasing as I shrank down to match the size of my natural flea-sized energy that day upon the Eiffel Tower, I felt renewed and energized. \"Here she is.\" The police officer opened a door for me to peer into. Inside, there were two familiar people sitting at a small table by candle light. They both had plates of food, and they both stared up at us in surprise. Maynott's face twisted into the same hate he'd had when he'd tried to attack me, but Lucille's face filled with disappointment. She stood up to meet me as I rushed inside. \"Franœur, what are you doing here? I told you all I would return tonight.\" She insisted, pushing at me to leave. \"Yes, I'd like to know what that is doing here too.\" Maynott sneered, and the door behind me shut as the policeman left. I ignored the monster and chittered to my angel worriedly. What are you doing here? You shouldn't be here with him alone! I withdrew two of my arms once more, reaching out with them to check her warmth. I could practically hear her heart racing, and I wanted to know if she's alright. She pulled my hands down from her face, shaking her head. \"I'm fine, Franœur. It is only my worry. I didn't want you to come.\" I gave the monster in the room a distrustful look and scooted closer to Lucille, hoping to pull her away. She disregarded my advance and stepped back toward the table to sit down once more. \"Franœur, it is nothing. You don't have to worry. The police have decided that he has done too much damage to this city, and he may no longer be in it. They are transferring him to London, where he will serve out his sentence. And when he is free, he still may not return. So they gave him one request, for his last night in Paris.\" She gestured to the table. I crept closer, shooting nervous looks between the two of them. \"I wanted to hear my dear angel sing one last time.\" He gave me a smile that I did not like. And I did not like his words either. She is not your angel, you are dangerous for her! You held her neck in one hand! You threw her over the railing! She is not your angel! \"Franœur, be calm.\" Lucille reached out to touch my arm and I realized I was chittering angrily at him. \"Yes, little flea. Be calm.\" Maynott leered. \"And you, stop patronizing Franœur.\" She turned an angry tone towards the man in striped clothing. \"You have no right to say anything to him, after what you did.\" He has no right to even look at you, Lucille, after what he did. \"Then I suppose I have no right to ask him to leave?\" He questioned. \"We were in the middle of dinner, and he rudely interrupts.\" \"No, you don't.\" She narrowed her eyes at him. \"I didn't want anyone to know I was here, because I didn't want them to object. But I wanted to see you off, and make sure you never returned.\" \"How sweet of you, my angel.\" He gave her that smile that bristled me. He reached out to take her angry fist that was slammed down on the table, but I didn't want him to touch her. I reached out quickly to take it instead, pulling her back and glaring at him. \"Franœur, release me.\" She insisted, and I did that immediately, lowering my head. \"I didn't want you here because I didn't want you to worry. And I also didn't want him to try and hurt you again.\" She sighed. \"But as long as you are here, I will not give him the satisfaction of watching you leave. You may stay, but be calm.\" I flinched back at her reprimand, feeling as if something is off with her. But I can't exactly place it. \"That's it, my dear. Let us return to our supper.\" Maynott 'agreed', now completely ignoring me as he picked up the knife and fork in front of him. I eyed the sharp metal distrustfully, but stayed against the wall where Lucille had pointed me towards. \"I did not come here for food, Maynott. I came here to sing, and that's all.\" She glared at him. \"I had the policemen bring all of this food, and you won't even finish it? Do you have any idea what I went through to set this up?\" \"I don't care.\" She turned her head away. \"I want to leave this place, so I will sing and be gone.\" \"Very well.\" He sighed, setting the silverware down and leaning back in his chair to watch her stand. I automatically stood upright and walked closer, wondering excitedly which song she wanted to do today. Our location didn't matter now, if we still get to sing tonight. \"No, Franœur.\" She put a hand up to stop me. \"Wait for me by the door.\" She turned to look at me so Maynott couldn't see her face. She gave me a distressed look and nodded to the door. \"Please.\" I chirped in agreement, and disappointment. I backed to stand by the door and sank down to a familiar crouch. She has not shown so much negative face-languages towards me since we first met. And even then, it was only a moment before she fled. I do not want her to be upset with me. That's the last thing I want! As she backed away from the table and tucked her hair behind her ear, the way she does when she's thinking. She stopped and eyed Maynott with disapproval, before looking away and sighing. Then, she started a familiar routine. We've only done this song a few times, for it isn't one of her favorites to sing, but I know all of our songs by heart. As her voice threaded the lyrics and she started to dance, my muscles twitched in want. From my legs, yearning to dance, to my vocal cords yearning to form the words they so stubbornly refused me any other time. I was practically quaking with want, but she told me to wait here. I will not join her. I will wait until tomorrow, for our next performance to twirl with her and dance. As she started to bring it to a close, I remembered where we were once more. I was so transfixed watching her, willing myself not to get up and join her, that I'd completely forgotten about Maynott's presence. But he knew the song too, and as it came to a close, he began to clap. \"Bravo, bravo.\" He grinned that grin I don't like at her. \"Encore!\" \"You only get one.\" She sneered, completely dropping the pleasant and light attitude she held during performance. Her quick change even startled me. \"My dear, you have a gift. It would be a shame to never see it again. Will you visit me in London?\" \"No, I would rather die .\" She hissed. I stood up right in concern, chirping in objection. But they both ignored me. \"That would be such a waste of beauty and talent.\" He mused. \"You didn't seem to think so back on the Eiffel Tower.\" She sneered, reaching to take her jacket from the back of the chair. \"Enjoy the rest of your life, Monsieur Maynott.\" She turned on her heel gracefully and strode straight towards me. No, not me. The door. I quickly opened it for her, and followed her out in stride. Once it was shut, the waiting policeman went to lock it and Lucille lead me straight around the corner, to the deserted hallway there. Then, her steps faltered and she leaned against the wall, lowering her head into her hands. I crouched and chirped lightly, reaching out to her in concern. But as I touched her shoulder, she looked up quickly and gave me another exasperated look. \"Franœur, your arms!\" She objected, pulling away. She looked around to see if there was anyone else in the hall. I quickly withdrew my arms back into the jacket, ducking my head again. \"I hope that policeman didn't notice. You should be more careful.\" I avoided her gaze, submitting to the reprimand. I know. I just hadn't thought of it, because I'm too concerned about you. You look distressed, and I worry over that more than keeping hidden. But just now, it made me realize what's off about her. She withdraws and shakes her head every time I touch her. Which confuses me, because I've lifted her up before, and held her hand, and we've danced together so many times like that. And she simply glows then, not faltering at all as she sings. She always glows when she sings. \"Oh, look at your cloths! They're a mess. Did you come all the way in that? Hmmm, white always collects dirt like that. We'll have to wash it when we return. Come on, Franœur. Let us leave this place.\" She insisted, standing tall again and leading the way down the hall. I followed her out, dejected but happy she's alright. Instead of leaping back toward the Cabaret in a matter of seconds, I walked with her one step behind the entire way. It's dark out now, and the last thing I wanted was to leave her alone again. When finally we returned, everyone that had been in our dressing room was out in the main entrance, talking about calling the police. But the moment we walked in, they were flocking around us, hugging her and asking where she'd gone. When they thanked me for finding her, asking me where I'd found her, I just chirped and looked to her. If she wants to keep it secret, then I cannot say anything of it. \"It is nothing.\" She insisted to them all. \"An old friend of mine needed some help, so I went to her. From the time I spent at the Opera house.\" \"You were only there for a month, ten years ago! What sort of friend could you have possibly made there that would ask you for help so many years later?\" Aunt Carlotta asked. \"I am the only one she knew in the area. I am sorry for not giving any more notice.\" She smiled to them all. \"I will make it up to you. A free show, for everyone that expected one tonight. I will not expect any pay for it.\" \"You don't need to do that.\" Aunt Carlotta insisted. \"I gave them all vouchers for a free bottle of champagne the next time they came.\" \"Did everything go alright, then?\" Emile asked, stepping up. \"Your friend, are they alright?\" \"Oh, yes. Everything was sorted out and she's leaving the city again already.\" Lucille brushed off, a terrible liar. Well, to me her body language reeked of her lie, but everyone else seemed to believe it. I shifted nervously, just knowing one of them is going to catch on. Roul pushed past to the front, taking both of her shoulders and giving her a stern look. \"Don't scare us like that again, Lucille. You didn't say anything about where you'd gone in the note, we thought you'd been kidnapped.\" I took a step around, watching curiously. Tilting my head, I watched his hands on her shoulders, where she didn't seem bothered at all by the contact. She didn't pull away, at least. \"I'm sorry, Roul. I was in a hurry.\" She smiled. \"But I will try to be more descriptive the next time an emergency arises.\" She started to walk away. \"Now if you'll all excuse me, I need to take a minute to wind down.\" I followed her out of the room and down the halls that lead to the performers' dressing rooms. There were six other rooms in this hall, one of which was Aunt Carlotta's office. Three of the others were filled with other singers, none of which were as beautiful or as requested as my angel- for she dances and sings with me, not Maynott -and the final two were reserved for the band. While we take evening and night shows on the weekend and special occasions, the matinee shows and the evening shows the rest of the week are done by the other performers. I've met them, and none of them dance like Lucille does. None of them have her beautiful voice either. She gave me a weary look as I shut our dressing room door. \"I'm not going to listen to you tell me off for going there. And I'm not going to apologize either.\" I chittered and ducked my head, walking towards the love seat. \"No, no, no. Don't sit down yet.\" She insisted. I didn't. \"You're going to have to take all of that off so we can wash it. I don't want that mud getting onto the love seat. Come on.\" She insisted, walking towards me. I bent down cautiously, not sure what's going on with her. I am unsure on how to act with her, because she skirts away from me every time I extend a hand, and she hasn't once yet smiled to me. She's in a bad mood, and the smiles out there were fake. Though, I guess I'd rather have no smile than a fake one. She took off my hat and set it on the mannequin's head, before returning to untie my mask. I gave a smile and sighed, relishing the strong scent of her perfume. It isn't vague or diluted by time, it's fresh and thus very near. She is no longer lost. \"After everything he'd tried to do to hurt you, I was terrified he'd try something again when you walked in.\" She mused, turning her back on me to lay the mask on her vanity. \"The police came by this last night, asking me to sing for him as his last request. I agreed to go, because I knew that if I refused, Maynott would stop at nothing to cause trouble for us again. I didn't want to drag anyone else into this, and I knew he wouldn't hurt me.\" She shrugged and straightened up again. She was looking at herself in the mirror, then turned to me. I smiled at her cheerfully. She smiled back, which made mine even bigger. \"Oh, Franœur.\" She sat down at the vanity and put her face in her hands. \"I just knew he'd think you'd come with me. I just knew he'd try to hurt you again. I'm so happy everything turned out alright.\" I chittered, coming up behind her and watching her in the mirror. She was silent for a minute, before sighing and standing up. \"I've got to change. Here, you can put this on again if you'd like. I will take your suit down for the staff to wash when we are done here.\" She insisted, patting the dark jacket I had worn when we first met. It, the red scarf and the matching hat stayed on yet another mannequin near her changing wall. As she walked past it, she took another dress with her towards the wall. I gave the vanity another smile, glad to know she isn't still mad at me. Nevertheless, I obeyed her instructions and changed out of the stage costume. When they were laid neatly on the floor on the shoe tile, so they wouldn't get mud on the carpet, I sat on the love seat and waited for her to return. When she did, she looked exhausted and drained. Without even looking around, she practically fell into the seat beside me and leaned against my side. \"Merci, Franœur. That man intimidates me, and he was much more behaved once you arrived. I'm not sure what I would do without you.\" She sighed, closing her eyes. I watched her curiously, but blatantly confused. She and I move together on the stage, and neither of us think anything of it when I touch her there. But earlier she had ducked and dodged every time I'd touched her. Now, she leans into me as if we were dancing while sitting still. \"Hmm. It's finally over, Franœur. He's out of our hair, and he won't be bothering us anymore.\" She mused. \"But I am tired. I need to finish getting ready.\" She insisted, sitting up again. But, I didn't want her to go yet. When she'd leaned against me, that told me with her body language that she missed me like I missed her. That she was not angry with me, and also that she was completely drained from her visit with Maynott. I wanted to keep her company, I don't want her to be alone for the night yet! It's still rather early, but I knew she was probably going to ascend those stairs and not return until morning. She didn't get up from the sofa yet, but instead raised her arms to the back of her head, feeling for all the pins that held her hair together so perfectly. But her eyes were drooping and her arms shook. I hesitated, not sure which words from her body language to believe. But I decided to believe the ones that told me she was not angry with me and not afraid of my touch. So I shifted and started to undo her hair myself. I seen her smile as she let her hands fall down to her lap. \"Merci, Franœur.\" I chirped in delight, setting all the pins in a pile on the arm of the sofa on her other side. Once I had finished, I quickly withdrew my four arms and watched her curiously. She didn't withdraw that time. \"I don't know what I would do without you.\" She gave me a large smile again and I twittered in happiness. That's all I want. I don't even try to follow everything else that's just too complicated. All I know is that she had gone to visit Maynott, and he had caused her distress. She had recoiled from my touch then, but now she is smiling and leaning into my touch like our happiest days dancing. \"Now remember, you especially can't be seen while you're wearing this. Alright?\" She insisted, standing up. \"I will see you in the morning.\" She gave me a wink and walked out. I sat there for a few minutes after she'd gone. I could feel my own heart racing like hers had back in the room with Maynott. But, I am not afraid as she had been. I twittered to myself, standing up and going to sit at the piano. Everything is fine again, and I no longer worry about anything. I don't worry about why she is upset with me, or where she had gone, or why all of my friends were in this small room at once. I don't worry about anything. It's just a one-shot, but I've got a few more. I really hope you guys will tell me what you think, and about what could be improved/what should be repeated. Thanks for reading, please review! ","Summary":" I was only mildly satisfied with the stories here for Un Monstre a Paris. I love that movie so much"},{"Movie":"A Monster in Paris Un monstre à Pa...","Title":"Little Angel","Author":"B.LotusFlower","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11370885","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Little Angel \"Come on why do I have to watch her?\" Raoul protested, he was standing in Lucille's dressing room, which she also shared with Francoeur. The woman was dressed in her usual white dress with her angel wings, she put her earrings on moving angrily toward the man.\" Because you own me a favor!\" Lucille yelled quickly. Lowering her voice she walked over to Francoeur who was sitting on the couch already dressed in his attire for the performance. He chirped, smiling at his wife as she gazed adoringly at the little toddler sleeping in his arms their daughter: Sylvie Francoeur. She had Lucille's red-brown hair, Francoeur's eyes, and cream colored skin with an extra set of appendages on her abdomen. Sylvie chirped in her sleep and placed a thumb in her mouth, a swell of proud went through Lucille and Francoeur at the sight. After marrying, they doubted with Francoeur being a flea offspring could be produced and the pair had considered adoption, until that day Lucille had thrown up during rehearsal, confirming she was indeed pregnant. And few months later Sylvie was born a healthy mix of human and flea. \"Hey it just can't be because I own you a favor.\" Raoul muttered gaining Lucille's attention from the sleeping child.\" Fine Raoul, the real reason is because Emile and Maud are usually the ones who watch Sylvie. And they are here at the Rare Bird celebrating their anniversary. So you were our only option.\" She said seeing a smile spread across his face.\" You are not to disturb them this evening.\" Lucille added walking to the door. Francoeur noticed and stood from the couch, carefully placing his daughter on it, tucking away her extra appendages underneath the blanket. \"You know I am not good with kids so why me?\" Raoul asked watching as Francoeur was kneeled in front of the couch staring lovingly at the tiny girl, purring happily.\" I know this is a chance to change that, you're the only person who Sylvie doesn't have a bond with. Besides this was Francoeur's idea not mine.\" Lucille said as the flea lifted his head toward them at the mention of his name.\" Honey, let's go.\" Francoeur stood, tossing a smile to Raoul before walking out. The man looked over at the couch as the girl slept, he collapsed in Lucille's chair rubbing his head. Raoul was uncertain if he was able to do this. True, the man had known Lucille since childhood, she was both beautiful, intelligent and annoying. Francoeur was shy, curious and had the initiate ability to attract or get into trouble. He gazed at the sleeping toddler again, she was the product of those two. She looked an awful lot like Lucille when she was a kid, but when the child opened her eyes the flea's looks were present. Raoul shrugged his shoulders and titled the chair back closing his eyes. He awoke an hour later with two big red eyes with white pupils staring at him curiously. Raoul almost screamed, until he realized the person in front of him was the one he was babysitting.\" Hey Sylvie, glad you're awake. I'm your uncle Raoul.\" He said trying to sound cheerful. Sylvie continued to stare at him then she looked around the room and chirped sadly.\" Hey, it's okay your mommy and daddy are working they will be back soon.\" The girl nodded in understanding and hopped off Raoul's lap to the piano. Without glancing at the sheets in front of her, Sylvie pressed each key on the instrument performing the song perfectly.\" Wow quite the talented little one aren't you.\" He said as she chirped and smiled reminding him again of Lucille. Raoul stared at the clock on her dressing table. It was 7:30, the pair along with Emile and Maud would be here at 10:00 since Lucille and Francoeur had to do three performances tonight. And by how things were going Raoul felt a little more confident watching the girl.\" Yeah I can handle this.\" He said putting his hand behind his head closing his eyes and realizing he could no longer hear the piano. Raoul eyes widened when he saw Sylvie sitting on top of the piano munching violently on a pair of sugar cookies. A note laid next to her and Raoul began reading it: Dear Raoul, These are sugar cookies made special from my aunt. Sylvie is not to have one for the doctor said that sugar kills fleas, but it only makes Sylvie act bizarre. Keep these far away from her please. Sincerely, Lucille \"Oh no.\" He quickly went to Sylvie hoping to take the cookies from her only she had already eaten them all.\" Ok Raoul don't panic, how crazy can the kid get.\" He spoke too soon as the half-flea began climbing the walls, chirping loudly causing Raoul to put his hands over his ears.\" Sylvie get down from there now!\" the girl stuck her tongue out and scaled the ceiling without care. She grabbed the chandler and began swinging back and forth as Raoul attempted to grab her. But it only resulted in him being knocked onto the floor. When he got up the door was wide open, Raoul ran down the hall seeing that the backdoor to the alley was also open. He ran like a bullet in time to see Sylvie climb on top of the roof, Raoul panicked. The girl was half flea but it didn't mean she had the same buoyance and flexibly as her father Franceour.\" Sylvie!\" he shouted as the girl jumped onto another rooftop near the restaurant.\" Oh, Lucille is going to kill me!\" \"That is an understatement.\" A voice said. He gulped meeting the angry faces of Lucille, Emile and Maud. Francoeur looked worried and was searching franticly for Sylvie.\" Raoul where is my baby?\" she said Sylvie's blanket in her hands.\" Well she is...uh...I.\" Lucille walked forward grabbing Raoul's coat and pulling him towards her.\" Where is she?\" Raoul nervously pointed to the building where Sylvie stood watching the adults with amusement shining in her red orbs. Emile and Maud gasped while Franceour chirped angrily and frowned at Raoul who was absolutely terrified under the flea's gaze. No wonder people had called him the monster of Paris for a reason, but it was unusual since Franceour was not easily angered. He assumed fatherhood had somehow altered his personality.\" We gave you one job Raoul, one job and you messed it up!\" Lucille yelled as Franceour jumped to the roof gathering the girl in his arms. He jumped back landing next to Lucille who embraced them both tightly. She kissed Sylvie's forehead, looking at her sternly.\" Sylvie don't ever do that again you had mommy and daddy worried!\" Sylvie turned to her father who chirped in agreement with her mother.\" I'm sorry I wanted to explore.\" The girl said her voice was innocent and sweet.\" She can talk?\" Raoul asked receiving looks from the other adults.\" Of course she can, Sylvie is just shy sometimes and chooses to chirp.\" Emile said waving goodbye and leaving with Maud.\" Mommy I had a good time with uncle Raoul can he babysit again please?\" Lucille and Franceour looked at each other then turned to Sylvie.\" Only if he says yes.\" She said as her daughter yawned. Franceour placed the girl on his shoulder and walked into the Rare Bird. Lucille walking slowly behind them before turning to Raoul.\" Thank you for watching her but next time Emile and Maud will help you.\" She said as he sighed in relief.\" That is fine by me.\" Please review this is my first one-shot for this category, but I have done many other stories and one-shots for other categories feel free to read my other work on my profile. I do not own a monster in Paris or its characters all credit goes to its creators. ","Summary":" Little Angel \"Come on why do I have to watch her?\" Raoul protested, he was standing in Lucille's "},{"Movie":"A Monster in Paris Un monstre à Pa...","Title":"All The World's A Flea Circus","Author":"DrDadster","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11154782","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Francœur doesn't like Raoul very much. Don't misunderstand; he's grateful for all Raoul has done for him. The human has good intentions, has never set out to hurt anybody. Were it not for him goofing about, Francœur would still be no more than a flea- and then again, after the reversion, when poor, poor Lucille thought him dead. And on an individual basis, Francœur is rather fond of Raoul. The man is no more than a twenty-something-year-old child, and it's very fun to goof off with him. His new car, dubbed Catherine II, is a source of constant fascination for Francœur- everything is, of course, for someone so very new to the human world proper, but Catherine II is constantly changing and being added to. Every time Francœur sees her, something new has been added. But when Raoul gets around Lucille, that is when Francœur stops liking him. Again, this is a point not to misunderstand. He's a little jealous, but that isn't the problem. The problem is that they fight, and Francœur doesn't like it. Lucille is such a kind soul, but also such a fiery and independent soul, that he doesn't understand why she stays around someone that makes her frustrated, makes her angry, makes her upset, sometimes even makes her cry. Still, no matter how frayed she may be, she always performs, and Francœur always joins her. The songs, and his presence, seem to transform her into something new. Nothing makes her unhappy when they sing together, when they dance together. There too, he never makes her unhappy offstage either. He wouldn't dream of it; all he can do is try his best to repay her the kindness she has always shown him, since the very first time they met and (after the initial shock), she came out and held for him a pink umbrella to keep off the rain. When Raoul makes her upset, he sings, both because he finds he can't simply talk, and because it seems to make her so happy to hear him, making up a new tune every time, just for her. Sometimes he sings to make her joyful again. He sings about the beauty of the world, or the rain on the roof, or how lovely she looks in her dress. He sings about silly things and wonderful things, about exciting things and familiar things. Songs only for her, and she has such a mind for music she remembers all of them. Lately though, sometimes, he will sing to try and make her understand. \"You are beautiful,\" he sings, \"too beautiful for this.\" Because he knows Raoul would never hurt her either, not on purpose, would never dream of laying a finger on her in haste or anger, but he also knows firsthand that it is not just the physical wounds that bleed. Francœur is still slightly surprised but immensely grateful when they have their last real fight, and doors are slammed and tears are shed, and when she finally opens the door for Raoul again it's the next day and he's making a delivery. Francœur watches, and the two humans in front of him are tense, uneasy, but by the end of the exchange happier, and they tease each other a little, but they don't fight. In fact, from the point where they stop touching too much or smiling secretly at each other, he sees them fight less and less, and they seem so much happier. Humans are strange, Francœur thinks. They always seem to find it so difficult to do what makes them happy. They go back to all being friends. Emile and Maud are seeing each other now, and Francœur watches them too. He sees more than people realize- they, on the other hand, seem only to see each other. This is another thing he doesn't understand. It is quite the opposite of how Raoul and Lucille were: they are constantly fawning over each other, always doing anything to make each other happy, very often to the exclusion of all else. This too seems to Francœur strange, and not right. But they make each other happy, not angry, so despite that Emile is spending less and less time with Raoul, the two of them stay just the same. The more time he spends with Lucille, the more Francœur understands the feeling- but the less he understands the behavior. Can't he care for her in this strange and different way, and still also care about his other friends, Raoul and the Professor, Emile and Maud, all alike, even if in different ways? This opinion does not change when she kisses him in a new way, befitting this strange sort of caring. She has kissed him before, light pecks on the cheek or brushes on the forehead, but never in this manner; a tender press of her lips to his mouth, slow and sweet, and it isn't just the costume she's still wearing that makes him think, \"like an angel.\" The curtain has just fallen, and despite the crowd out there, nobody sees the surprised widening of his eyes before he shyly kisses back. They don't jump like she did with Raoul, and he's happy with that. It's better for her. It's slow contentment, it's holding hands in her dressing room, it's his arms wrapped around her in an easy dance, it's a contented walk together down the path of life. This, he thinks, is what they all misunderstood: that there is room on this path for all of them, together. And he loves the stretches that he walks alone with Lucille, sometimes even stopping on the side of the road to lounge in the grass, smell the flowers, play around together- but he also loves the stretches that they walk in the company of others, and it's enough that they can see each other, and they don't always have to be holding hands. Francœur is happy. More importantly, Lucille is happy now, and that's always good enough for him. ","Summary":" Francœur doesn't like Raoul very much. Don't misunderstand; he's grateful for all Raoul has done fo"},{"Movie":"A Monster in Paris Un monstre à Pa...","Title":"Just A Little Kiss","Author":"Jatd4ever","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11232823","Passage":"[Chapter 1] *I do not own A Monster In Paris or its characters I have been in love with this film since I saw it a few days ago. I watch it everyday and even ordered the DVD just in case they remove from Netflix. But I feel as though Lucille and Francoeur had a better relationship then she did with Raoul. So here is the first fic I have written for this Film, and who knows, I might write another one if I feel inspired. If you had not seen this film then watch it, it is awesome. just a little kiss will do, just a little kiss from you just a little kiss from just a little kiss from just a little kiss from you... When the curtains fell, it was only the two of them, still high on the delight of their song. The roar of clapping soon dissipated leaving only the sound of Francoeur's chirping and Lucille's giggling. He purred happily as he twirled her around, feeling happier then he ever felt. His life had not been long, but the last few months had been the best. Lucille giggled at the puzzling look her friend gave her and wondered what he was thinking about. His eyes always seemed to be focused on her and it might have been pure coincidence since he had large eyes, but what did it mean? Her beaded white dress glowed under the stage lights making her look even more beautiful. From the moment he first heard her voice, he was enchanted. Once he connected the voice with a face, he was even more dazzled and amazed. Call it instinct or love, but he felt connected to her. They shared the same language of song, through arias and crescendos, they followed each others cue, trusting one another. What they had was built in trust and kindness, and an affection that was beyond words, but they were more then friends and less then lovers. Not one would go without the other, nor would they think of going solo. No, they were a pair. Lucille practically adopted Francoeur, taking him to her home, teaching him the ways of the humans and naturally they shared an affection. However, what Francoeur had been thinking about since the day he returned by Lucille's side was more. It was a spur of the moment, but like the song said, just a little kiss will do. Wrapping his arms around her, he kissed her like how he saw Emile and Maude did. He tasted like the sweet wine they drank before the show, so elegantly wonderful. It was quite a shock to Lucille how her shy friend gathered such courage to insight such boldness, but it was exciting in its own right. Was it the wine? Or was it it the angle? There was a sort of desperation in the cry that escaped his throat as he deepened the kiss. She would have gladly continued if it were not for the fact that they had to breath. When they parted, she brought him to her dressing room and explained what a kiss really meant. He felt slightly ashamed as Lucille explained that things like that were special and how friends and lovers were two different things. As he understood it, he thought she was to be his mate in the near future and thought it completely normal, but her tone made him feel disappointed. Picking up the small comb, he fiddled around with it to calm his nerves and it helped, but only slightly. Each time Lucille asked if he understood, he simply chirped and fiddled around with the small comb that he loved so much. She felt flustered each time he glanced her way, and she did not know what or how she was really going to get her point through to him, or when their relationship had changed in such a way. Had it been her kindness that enticed him to think such liberties were acceptable? Or perhaps listening to Raoul and Emile talk about romantic relationships made him want such things too? Whatever it was, she did not mind so much, actually she was thankful for it. Though, part of her felt she could not trust nature's instinct, and hoped for there to be truth in his actions. Moving away from the love seat, she sat before the piano, and began to hum, looking for a melody to express what she meant. In song things seemed so simple, the flow and depth of her heart were expressed without even trying, so why were words lost at the moment he gave her that look? Before the words could come out, he joined her on the piano. Nudging her softly he purred and she could swear he said Lucille. From his inner coat pocket he pulled out music sheets and began singing to her his new song. I found a melody that could break us apart I found the words sketched down in my heart I have the tendency to feel afraid To love in vain To have nothing to gain They saw nothing but a monster in disguise All of them running away to hide I say to myself that there is no where to go You told me to run, but I couldn't let it go What we have is all I have to show I tried a human guise, but you saw the humanity past the disguise Do not tell me to let you go Only show me what is worth a single moment Oh, ohhhh Does warmth only come from the sun? Or was what I felt come from my heart? Light and darkness combine into an explosion of surprise Leaving only cold light to illuminate the darkness of fright I do not despise anyone except what I am, a disgrace If I held you, would you run away in shame? Was it all just a game? Is it a miracle or chaos that caused me to be? Was it a miracle that I found you? Or did you found me? Melody, sweet melody in my head Inspired by the woman who stands right ahead You took away my fright, the light of my life Tell me, sing to me all of my dear life Reassure me that what we have is real Show me that what we have is not a dream If it is, then all I'll do is scream I am only ashamed of what you might think of me What do you see? A man or a flea? Please do not cry if I say goodbye Because love made me alive Do not remorse for the monster in darkness of night But let me sing right now for my lady in white For my lady in white Forever as long as I hide in your dazzling light I found a melody that could break us apart I found the words sketched down in the bottom of my heart I have the tendency to feel afraid To love in vain To have nothing to gain Is it all just the same? Is is all just a game? The last note lingered in the air, but was interrupted by the sound of Francoeur's crying. Pulling off his gloves, she held his hands, hoping he could feel their warmth. Wrapping his other arms around her, he purred softly into her hair. Taking of his mask, she gave him a really good look and smiled and he did too. She whispered how she felt and kissed him sweetly to reassure him. Next thing she knew, he presented her with a ring singing softly about wedding bells. She did not know and hoped no would ask her why, but she knew that things would never be the same, but that was okay, because all they needed was their song of love and each other. ","Summary":" *I do not own A Monster In Paris or its characters I have been in love with this film since I saw i"},{"Movie":"A Monster in Paris Un monstre à Pa...","Title":"Fondu au Noir","Author":"It's an Existential Crisis","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10099250","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Strangeways Francoeur was a novelty –attracting fans, fear, and scientists galore. Of course, though he had the same mental capacity as a human and even a fluent understanding of language, he did not really understand where all this attention came from or why; he was a humble giant, and graciously accepted it and answered any and all questions whenever Lucille and Raoul assured that it was safe to do so. Why exactly it wouldn't be safe, he wasn't always entirely sure, but he had learned at least one thing about human from Mayor Maynott – they can have many faces. And so, though he often made his presence as un-intimidating as possible and approached others with watchful caution, he greatly enjoyed his existence among these colorful creatures. He had enough love for all his admirers, enough grace to turn away from the doubters, and enough passion for a very long-lasting career on stage, with his angel of Paris. And though he did not mind answering many questions from the many spectacled eyes of the many different men that came specifically to see him, there were some questions he just couldn't answer. Indeed he was tested and is on par with human intelligence, but he really only knew as much as a small child, though he was learning steadily. There were questions that Raoul could answer, being much closer to the professor now than before, but there were still others that… really no one could answer but him. Like, what his relationship was with Lucille. On one hand, she was his friend, his literal angel who saved him, who gave him everything, and who encouraged him and taught him things – he realized he had never known a \"mother,\" still being just a flea, really, but as far as mother figures went, he was she that she was his. And on the other hand… Well, not that it mattered anyway. She was not his, and he was not hers; they were separate beings, he had to remind himself. But even then, there were questions he had himself. He wasn't really one to think too much about things, he did not question his purpose in this world like most humans do. He was, after all, still a flea. But there were others, like some of the changes in his body, strange aches here and there, and other things too, of course. When he was just a small flea, with no self-awareness, he never had dreams before, colorful vivid and sometimes frightening dreams – an awful experience at first, but after a while he began to enjoy them (after Lucille had explained what they really were). There were many things he greatly enjoyed about human life. Like sweet tea and cakes, and warm sweaters and \"cat naps\" (and oh, how he love cats) – but that was another thing that intrigued him. Emotions. Such a wild range of feelings, like colors you can hold – he was sure that these strange emotions were what made music to beautiful, feelings that danced through your ears and into your heart; he tried to incorporate all the new things and feelings he had experienced into his songs as often as he could. But there were still other questions. And other emotions too, ones that did make him question his existence, one's he did recognize but felt different. He knew fear. But this was different – he didn't know how, but it was. Something very strange was happening – of course, many strange things had happened, but this particular instance was different, in that, it was not an instance, but rather a period of time that felt. There was no immediate danger, nothing to fear, things were going well at the club, his friends were happy. Well, not that he would really know. Could that be it? His friends? His gut wrenched in a very uncomfortable twisting knot that left his chest feeling cold. But why? His friends would never hurt him, so what was wrong? … What was wrong? They did seem to be different, now that he thought about it. Raoul and Emile used to always shake his hand after a show, but they haven't lately. Lucille, as well, she- … won't look him in the eye. What a strange thought – that eye contact could suddenly mean so much to him. No, he thinks, you are simply a paranoid flea. Eyes were never that important to him before – and he doesn't want to think about why they suddenly were now, or else he might find himself on a very awkward tangent that certainly only lead to disappointment… perhaps because he already knew. But now that he's thinking, he can't really help it. Is that it? Are they upset because they know as well? The thought boils the blood in his face and his eyes almost water from the sheer heat and power of it. Did all of them know of his true feelings for Lucille, the angel of Paris? He did not understand why this was such a bad thing, but he knew that it was. He just knew it. Just as he knew it could never happen, he just knew, the same way he knew exactly what to do with that guitar in her dressing room. Francoeur, after taking his final bow, left the stage with Lucille in silence. She let her hair down and he made himself small. He watched her for a moment, as she sighed and splashed a bit of water on her face, turning his attention elsewhere when she turned back to him, so as not to make her uncomfortable. She must know. There is no other explanation. Wordlessly, he excuses himself through the door, into his own dressing room, which doubled as his bedroom, closing the door behind him softly. More aches and pains. Now in his chest of all places, and in his head this time too. He looks around the room, thinking. He sits on his little couch (which was actually a rather large couch), and removes his gloves and mask, holding them for a moment. He knows he is not human. And yet, his heart feels differently. He looks at the gifts on his dresser, the furniture and paintings on the wall – how strange it is to be human. Not that he would know. ... But he did know music. He picks up his guitar without any second thoughts – it feels natural, like it was meant to be. If his thoughts cannot explain his feelings, his music surely could. Perhaps, if Lucille did not understand his words, she would understand his song. He readies his fingers and… Nothing happens. Not a sound. Only a silent panic, and a breathless cry. There were no words. Only cold, desperate colors that enveloped around him and dove into his throat like liquid glass that silenced all sound. This feeling was something he had never experienced before – the feeling of bugs crawling around on his skin. It made him shiver uncontrollably, until he swallowed the glass stopper in his throat with a painful tug, feeling it drop into his stomach like dry ice, burning him inside out. How strange it is, to be so human, and not. ","Summary":" Strangeways Francoeur was a novelty –attracting fans, fear, and scientists galore. Of course, thoug"},{"Movie":"A Monster in Paris Un monstre à Pa...","Title":"The Cat","Author":"blackjackkat","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10409122","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Cat Summary : While doing some musing Francoeur encounters a cat. Francoeur was a happy flea. Since surviving the encounter at the top if The Eifel Tower and later being treated by the Professor to retain his hulky humanoid stature his time was pleasantly filled from dawn to dust. During the day he fiddle on his instruments, hummed and wrote music, and spent time with Emile and Raoul. The two best friends had taken him under their wings and were determined to show him the best the human world had to offer. He watched movies with Emile and listed to the small man's wild imaginings. He tinkered with Raoul and helped him delivered packages. He loved flying through the twisted cobbled streets of Paris. Any chance he got to watch humans going about life was joyous to him. The rhythm and sounds of Paris fascinated him. His evenings were taken up with singing, dancing, and playing guitar with his good friend Lucille at the Rare Bird. This was always his favorite time of the day. The joy in his soul he felt when he was able to perform alongside Lucille was something that could never have been even fathomed when he was but a tiny speck of a bug living on the back of a Monkey. It was something he often reflected on when Lucille and the others left for the night and he was all alone in the theater like tonight. After seeing his dear friend Lucille to the door of the Cabaret and bidding her adieu he returned to a small backroom Carlotta had given him as a temporary living space. His friends were still trying to find a more permanent solution for the giant flea but he didn't mind his accommodations. His room was away from where any staff or visitors would wander and it had a high small window that opened just enough to allow the Flea fresh air. After entered and bolted the door, an action Lucille was very specific about doing this every night he retired, he shed his scarf, chapeau, and mask. Slipping off his gloves he went over to his small window and propped it open. Francoeur peer through the small opening and took a deep breath of the cool night air. He lit a small lamp and settled into a large somewhat broken down armchair with his Guitar. As he plucked at the strings his mind began to wander. Did his love of music come from a soul? If it did, did he have this love when he was clinging to the white fur of Charles? He knew his singing voice had come about due to the Professors Potions. But did it also set the spark deep down in his gut, did it give him the ability to play the piano and Guitar, and what about his dancing? SMASH! CLANG! This train of thought was derailed by a sound of trash cans and crates toppling over outside Francoeur's tiny window. The flea was so caught up in his reflections, absent mindedly strumming a melody on the guitar, he nearly hit the ceiling he jumped so high. Chittering to himself he set down his instrument and tried to peer out the window. He could see the top of a trash can, its metal top catching the back alley lights, circle and circle before coming to a stop. Francoeur smiled and chittered happily at the musical tone of the metal top on the stone. Whatever had toppled the cans was directly below his little window. He could hear it shuffling around but he could not see it. Francoeur pulled away from the window. He wrung his two upper hands and glanced again at the window. Everything was new and exciting to the flea, he had a large curiously and he wanted to investigate. His friends would be unhappy if they knew he went outside alone, especially Lucille. He scowled and chittered disapprovingly at his desire to investigate and plopped back into his arm chair trying to resume his playing. His eyes shifted once again to the window. What his friends didn't now wouldn't hurt them! With a determined clicking of his mandibles he set down his Guitar and quickly donned his gloves, hat, scarf, and just to be safe, his mask. Quietly he slipped out into the back alley. He picked up the metal top as he approached the toppled over trash cans. He tilted his head in curiosity as he watched bits of garbage being flung from the sideways can. Something was in there! Setting the top down against the building side, Francoeur knelt down and peered into the can. He saw something furry and chittered a questioning tone. The fur ball stopped its digging and turned to peer back at the giant flea with luminous eyes. Green eyes locked with Orange and the little creature trotted out toward the investigating bug. Francoeur scooted back as a dirty, matted, black and white animal emerged from the can. He knew what this was, it was a cat! He chittered excitedly at the realization. He knew what cats were, he saw them in one of Emile's movies and lounging in sunbathed windowsills when traveling around Paris in Catherine II, but he'd never seen one close! The cat regarded him lazily with cool reserve and approached the flea. With a bushy tail waving slowly in greeting it walked up to the giant and promptly rubbed against his pant clad leg. Francoeur tilted his face this way and that way studying the furry animal and let out a startled chirp when the cat started to purr. He got on all fours, lowering his face closer to the cat and purred back. The animal sat down under his gaze and regarded him with curiosity. He reached out and ran a pair of hands along the animal's fur. Even with the wadded mats the marred his neck and his sides Francoeur was amazed at the softness. At his touch the cat purred more and rubbed his face against the Flea's hands. Francoeur smiled and chirped out happily. Well, he'd investigated, now what? Francoeur wanted to stay with the cat longer but he'd already done something he wasn't supposed to and it was late, he needed to sleep. Whistling out a long sigh he patted the mangy cat's head and stood up to walk back to the back door. As he opened the door he started and stared down at his right leg. The cat had followed him and had resumed rubbing against him. It let out a half meow and looked up at the flea. He made up his mind. Francoeur looked around the alley for any witnesses even though he knew there were none, then gave the cat a push through the door with the side of his foot. The cat happily padded after the flea as he led the way down the hall and back to his room. Feeling giddy Francoeur couldn't help but glance back to make sure the cat was still following him every few steps. The flea opened the door to his room for the cat who strolled in without hesitant. Quickly he bolted the door and discarded his disguise in a pile. Chittering nervously to himself Francoeur watched as the cat investigated the small room. With his cool green eyes the cat gazed around the room and sprang up into Francoeur's armchair. He circled once, twice, and then sat. The look on his face said \"Yes, I approve I shall stay here.\" The flea wanted to investigate the animal more. He wanted to untangle its fur, pet it, touch it's pink little feet, and get it to purr again but an unavoidable yawn escaped his mouth. He was tired from the second encore he and Lucille gave that night. Stretching his four arms above him head (as much as his height and the low ceiling would allow) he padded over to his simple cot and climbed between the sheets. Francoeur smiled and chittered happily to himself as he settled into a comfortable divet in the worn mattress. His mind wandered. Did this cat have a soul? Did music live there for him like it did for Francoeur? Was talent trapped in its small body like it was for him? Francoeur let out an amused chirp trying to imagine the mangy cat disguised in a hat and scarf strumming a guitar and singing alongside him and Lucille. The vision vanished as a thought occurred to Francoeur. Had it been trapped in him? He chirped softly and sadly. How much of what made Francoeur, Francoeur was actually . . . Francoeur ? How much was the potion and how much was the flea? The bespeckled bug sighed. He didn't have an answer; no one did. Just as he was about to close his eyes he felt a sudden weight on the mattress near his feet. With a chirp he looked down to see the cat padding over to him. The cat settled next to Francoeur's chest after making a large production of the procedure by yawning, stretching, and circling several times before finally settling. Francoeur curled up closer to the ball of fur and smiled as the creature began to purr again. The flea yawned one last time before purring back in response and falling asleep. Whatever percentage was potion and whatever percentage was the flea, Francoeur felt blessed. The next morning Francoeur awoke to knocking on his door per usual. \"Francoeur? It's Lucille, time to wake up. Come unbolt the door for me before I forget this tune in my head!\" Francoeur chirped in response and was about to toss his covers off then he noticed they were usually heavy. With a questioning whistle he investigated. There curled up at his feet was the cat from last night. His ears were perched but he stubbornly refused to acknowledge to the world that the knock had awoken him as well. Francoeur let out a flurry of chitters and ran a hand down his cheek. Oh no what now? Would Lucille throw the cat back in the alley way? Alarmed by the sound of his chitters, Lucille knocked again more earnestly. \"Francoeur! Is everything alright? Open up for me!\" Francoeur let out a reassuring sounding chirp as he slipped his legs out from under the sheets and stood up. Casting one more glance at the cat, Francoeur unbolted the door and opened it to allow Lucille to slip inside. The singer's eyes did a quick sweep of the room before she reached up and clasped the flea's cheeks in her hands. \"Are you alright?\" The flea nodded and chittered in a reassuring manner. Lucille released his face and smiled at him. \"Don't scare me like that Francoeur! It wasn't too long ago that I almost lost you!\" Francoeur looked sad and chirped in an apologetic tone. He remembered all too well the sounds of the slim woman's sobs when she thought him to be dead. \"Raoul wants you for some deliveries but I want to catch your ear before he claims you for the day,\" Lucille said as she removed her wide brimmed hat and elegant white gloves. \"I woke up this morning and this melody just sprang into my head I wanted to know—\" The singer stopped in mid-sentence as her eyes having finally found the furry blob on Francoeur's cot. She looked from the cat to Francoeur then back to the cat. \"Francoeur, is that at cat?\" Francoeur wrung his hands nervously and began chirping and chittering an explanation that Lucille would by no means understand. From his frequent gestures to the window and the cat's appearance she guessed it was an alley cat. With arms folded across her chest and one hip cocked Lucille asked, \"Francoeur? Did you make a new friend last night?\" The flea nodded and chirped happily. He padded over to the bed and knelt down in front of the cat. He clicked and purred at the animal which finally decided to \"wake up.\" It let out a lazy yawn and stretched out a paw toward Francoeur. He smiled and used one set of arms to pet the cat and the other pair to scratch him behind both ears. Lucille came and sat down next to the animal. The singer was not entirely fond of cats but she could never deny her flea friend something that seemed to make him so happy. She smiled as she watched her friend dote on the small animal and said, \"I guess the Cabaret has another new addition.\" Francoeur looked over at Lucille and gave her a smile that painted his whole face with joy. Leaning over to address the animal she said, \"I guess you need a name too huh?\" The cat gazed up at Lucille as she pondered a name. \"Hm… I can already tell. You're going to rule this place like a King aren't you? So we might as well call you Louie.\" Louie the cat seemed unimpressed and went back to rubbing on the giant flea. Lucille chuckled at the pair then let out an \"oh!\" having remembered the tune she wanted to share. Chirping softly to himself as his friend hummed and sang out a melody Francoeur settled himself more comfortably on the floor. To his surprise and joy Louie followed and climbed into his lap. Francoeur was a happy Flea. A/n :: Francoeur is adorable and so are cats so they work together, obviously. This cat is based on my cat who literally just showed up at the back door of an ASPCA all like \"what's up? Got some food?\" and walked right in. I was at a loss on how to finish this up neatly. I was going to end it right after he went to bed but it seemed too short so whatever I went a little longer. I wanted to keep it a one-shot. Hope you enjoyed! ","Summary":" The Cat Summary : While doing some musing Francoeur encounters a cat. Francoeur was a happy flea. S"},{"Movie":"A Monster in Paris Un monstre à Pa...","Title":"Silence","Author":"DesertNightWolf","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10217425","Passage":"[Chapter 1] WHAA? There is absolutely no trace of Francouer x reader inserts! You guys have no idea how sad that makes me. D: I absolutely love Francouer and the movie A Monster in Paris. Well, since I couldn't find any I decided to make one myself. It's not much, actually its kinda short. Just a little fluff. If any of you have found a Francouer x reader story please tell me! i'm desperate. D: You coughed once again into your handkerchief, laying your head back down on your pillow. Cold fingers clasped around your neck; absolutely hating how your throat scratched and kept you from sleeping at night. This was one of those nights, going back to sleep would just be useless; you'd only wake up yet again. With a sigh you reached over and turned on your lamp, illuminating your tiny room. You glanced over at your lonely looking guitar that sat in the corner. It had been a while since you had picked it up and played. Since you had gotten sick you constantly felt weak and drained. But your fingers itched to play it, to strum those steel strings and produce beautiful music. Lifting yourself up from your bed you made your way over to the guitar. With the guitar's neck now in your hand you slumped to the floor; your head already dizzy and your breathing labored from just that little distance. You smiled at the feeling of the cold instrument in your hands, lightly strumming your fingers across the strings. Pressing them securely in a certain arrangement that produced a multitude of sweet sounding chords that melted together to make the music your ear had been aching to hear. After a while of playing you abruptly stopped and began to cough violently into your hands. Curling up on the boarded floor, you held your guitar tightly against your body. Looking up you saw something in your window that made you jump. Your quick actions made the figure jump back as well. Large orange eyes stared back at you with curiosity. Getting up and cautiously making your way to the window, your fear subsided. You slowly opened your window, all you could still see were its eyes though. You took a step back from the open window and motioned for whatever it was to come in. Normally you would never let a stranger in at the dead of night, but those big eyes showed no malicious intent toward you. With a strange cooing noise it stepped in and to your great surprise it was a large, blue, insect! Dare you say it even resembled a flea. He had to crouch a little so he wouldn't bump his head on your ceiling. The pincers on his face moved as he continued to make those strange noises. His four arms stretching out, you could see the tiny little hairs on each skinny appendage. It seemed ironic how neither of you was able to talk to one another. (Excluding his little chirping noises since you didn't understand bug.) He then spotted your guitar that still lay on the floor and he picked it up. Wide eyes examining it with so much attentiveness. The creature held the guitar as you did moments ago (had he been watching you?), looking at you for a confirmation that he was doing it right. With a smile you nodded and showed him where to place his fingers; then gently taking one of his right hands, you moved it so he was able to strum a chord. He smiled, letting out another cooing noise and his large auburn orbs seemed to grow bigger with excitement. For the first time since getting sick you found yourself having fun teaching this gentle creature how to play your most loved possession. It didn't matter that neither of you were able to verbally communicate. As the night went on though you grew extremely weary. Closing your eyes you figured you could just rest them, but with the giant flea playing your guitar so beautifully you were quickly drifting off to sleep. x \"(y/n)!\" your mother shook you awake. Panic in her voice when she cried \"Oh did that monster hurt you?!\" You looked at your mother in confusion then at your still open window. Your guitar carelessly laying on the floor. After checking you to see if you were injured your mother continued to explain how she came into check on you and saw the Monster of Paris crouched over you. She scared off the beast by screaming at it and waving around violently your pronged poker that belonged to the fireplace. Your mother went on to say how terrified she was when she tried waking you up the first couple of times. \"I-I thought the fright the monster gave you worsened your condition!\" your mother blubbered while she held onto you. More than anything you were sad for the flea being scared off by your mother. He had done nothing bad to you, only brought you company. You hoped though that someday you would see him again and you'd be able to play guitar with him. The very thought made you strong and would hopefully keep you alive to see that day come. ","Summary":" WHAA? There is absolutely no trace of Francouer x reader inserts! You guys have no idea how sad tha"},{"Movie":"A Monster in Paris Un monstre à Pa...","Title":"Hero","Author":"Toony-Tornado","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10057896","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I love this movie so much, it was about time I started a fanfiction I hope you all enjoy reading:D It had just gotten dark in the streets of Paris, the only lite that could be seen were from the bulbs of the street lamps and windows from buildings that didn't have their curtains drawn. Everyone had long since retired into their houses, all except one little girl with green eyes, and long black curls that bobbed behind her as she ran down the empty streets while trying to hurry home. The girl, Lynnette, had been over at a friends' house that day for a play date, she was supposed to come home before it had gotten too late, but she was having so much fun that she had completely forgotten until the moments she saw that the sun was nearly gone. She stopped at the mouth of an Alley, a short cut she knew that would save her a bit of time. Lynnette wasn't supposed to go into Alley ways, but she'd get home faster if she went through one. But just as she turned and trotted down into one, she only took a few steps before she stopped upon see a man. He looked a bit surprised to see her, and like he was up to no good. Maybe she would take the long way after all. She suddenly heard him give a loud whistle just as she turned around, and almost instantly, another man came into view where she had come in. \"And just what are you doing out so late, little girl?\" The first one asked as he stepped up before her. Lynnette didn't answer; maybe they would leave her alone if she just stayed quiet. \"Hey, I've seen you around before,\" she other man stated as he leaned over to get a better look at her. Aren't you that one lawyers' daughter?\" the other man asked. \"The goody two-shoes that lives close by?\" the first asked in exclamation before looking back down at her. \"Well how about that.\" \"You know, your daddy sent my brother to prison,\" he told her, \"I didn't like that too much...\" \"My Papa only does that to bad people!\" Lynnette said firmly, forgetting to stay silent. \"If your brother had to go to jail then that means he isn't a good person!\" \"All he did was take a couple of little things from people who have more then they're sharing, is that really so bad?\" the man said with a careless shrug of his shoulders. \"Yes! Stealing is wrong!\" Lynnette told him, putting her little hands on her hips. \"You shouldn't take things that don't belong to you!\" \"Maybe we can get something good outta him if we hold her for ransom.\" The other suddenly said. The man put tapped his chin, mulling it over before he got a smile. \"That's a pretty good idea,\" he said before holding out a hand towards her. \"Come on girly, you're gonna go on a little walk with us.\" \"No I'm not!\" She snapped as she slapped his hand away, even though she was only seven, she knew very well what the word 'ransom' meant! \"You know, you're a very rude little brat.\" He said, his slimy smile finally lost. \"Now come here!\" She gave a loud, shrill scream when he suddenly grabbed for her, and she tried to run away. But she bumped into the body of the other and he grabbed her by the arms. \"Let me go!\" she yelled, trying to kick his shins with her heels. \"Help! Hel-muph!\" Her cries were muffled when her mouth was covered by gloved gloved hand. She tried to yell through his fingers, but stopped when the first man crouched down before her. \"Now, you're going to be a good girl and stay quiet until we get in contact with your father...\" Her eyes widened in fright when he suddenly took out a sharp looking knife. \"Or I'm going to make you be quiet, understand?\" A large body dropping down before them made them all jump in surprise and look over to see a man that stood seven feet tall dressed in a white suit and hat with a long blue scarf wrapped around his mouth and nose. \"You mind, pal?\" the man holding the knife said as he displayed it threateningly. \"We're busy here!\" He gave an almost animalistic hiss and jumped and he lunged at the man who held the little girl, making him drop her as he tackled him to the ground. Lynnette gave a cry at the sudden release, and she stumbled over her footing a bit before she dashed behind a trash can, just watching in awe as the newcomer took on the two crooks all by himself. The man he attacked was the first to go down, and then it was just him and the man with the knife. Not wanting to appear weak or scared, the man ran at him with a yell and his knife ready to stab, making Lynnette gasp and cover her eyes. When she didn't hear a yell or the sound of a body falling to the ground, she peeked behind her mittens, her eyes widening in bewilderment to see that the new man had caught the others' hand that held the weapon by the wrist. She suddenly heard another hiss, and he leaned his head closer the others. Lynnette didn't understand what the matter was as she couldn't see, but he suddenly pale as he looked upon his face. \"AH! Monster!\" He yelled, finally breaking free of his grip and running away as fast as he could! \"It's a monster!\" Lynnette blinked in surprise, but then looked back over to where the man stood, giving him a large, grateful smile. But it was short lived when she saw the one he attacked first upon arriving suddenly get to his feet behind him. He leaned against the wall on the other side of the alley, feeling as though he'd been dog piled by the entire French Police department. He was a bit too banged up to fight one on one with the guy, but he wasn't going to leave without causing some sort of damage. He looked to his right, there were stand up platforms that had large crates on them, probable filled with bricks or roof tiles for repairing the buildings. He gave a cruel smile when he noticed that his attacker was standing right in its path. \"Look out!\" Lynnette cried as she watched him push it over. The new man whirled around upon her cry, but the moment he saw the towering platform and crates crashing down, it was already too late to move. He didn't even have enough time to brace himself before it all piled on top of him with a loud 'CRASH!' After all was quiet, Lynnette heard the man who pushed everything over give a laugh, and listened as his footfalls raced away until they eventually disappeared. When she was sure that the bad men weren't coming back, she ran from her hiding place and began digging through the debris. She had to get him out, he was more than likely hurt and in need of serious medical attention. It felt like forever until Lynnette finally pushed away the last of the heavy, broken pieces of wood before she finally saw him. There he was, slouched over, his once beautiful white suit and blue scarf were ripped and dirty, though she was thankful that she didn't see any sign of blood; and the matching white chapeau he wore with it was almost completely flat on the top as it lay of his face. \"Hello?\" she asked, inching a bit closer before reaching for the rim of his hat. \"Monsieur, are you okay?\" She lifted the hat from his face, and her eyes widened in horror as when she saw his face. He now that she looked at him closely, he had four arms with three long, spindly fingers on each hand and a round, and he was covered in a dark blue shell with a lighter blue skinned face that had scary looking pincers on either side of his jaw. And when his eyes fluttered open, she saw that his eyes were big and yellow with fighting red irises before they closed again. He wasn't human! Dropping the hat, she backed away from him and began to run away with a terrified cry, but a pained moan he emitted made her stop in her tracks. She slowly looked over her shoulder at his stirring form. He looked really scary, but saved her from the two men before, that had to mean that he wasn't as monstrous as his appearance made him out to be. She walked back up to him as he began to sit up, and she picked up his chapeau from the ground, pushing the top out a little as she waited for him to open his eyes again. He gave a chirping groan as he rubbed the top of his head, and when his eyes finally opened, he gave a startled gasp when he saw her standing there and backed away into the wall through the pile of broken wood that surrounded him. \"It's okay, I'm friendly.\" She said, hiding half of her face behind his hat rather shyly for a moment before she slowly reached up and placed it back on his head. \"You don't need to be scared of me.\" He looked up at the hat for a moment, touching the rim with two of his four hands as the pincers on his jaw twitched a bit before he met her green eyes again. \"I'm Lynnette,\" the young girl said sweetly. \"What's your name?\" Chirping in thought at her question, he tapped his chin with two long, thin fingers that were on one of his four, three fingered hands. He knew what a name was, but did he have one? He wasn't sure if he did. \"You must have a name,\" Lynnette insisted, she was positive that he did, despite how tattered his outfit was now, it was still in very good condition, that meant he must have had a home somewhere around. \"Don't you have a family anywhere?\" she asked. \"Are you lost?\" Again he didn't seem to remember. But as for the question of him being lost… that alone seemed to be the only thing he most certain of; and he then gave a sad hum. \"Then, you can come home with me!\" she said, offering him one of her a little hands. He looked at it for a moment, then back at her before he closed his own fingers around it. Holding her hand, he felt so...safe. She took a quick glance at his hand, the dark blue of his hard skin made her own seem very pale. \"Blue.\" She stated, making him look down at her. \"Would it be alright if I called you that?\" she asked. \"Just until you remember yours?\" He gave her a smile at the name she offered and nodded, and she noticed his pincers quivering again as he made a approving clicking sound. \"Oh, bend down for a second.\" She said. He did as he was told and she took a fold of his scarf and covered up his entire jaw and mouth and then she pulled the brim of his hat down lower. \"There, now people won't get scared when they see you.\" She said, taking his hand again and leading him down the Alley. \"My house isn't far, it's just two blocks away on the other side of this alley,\" Lynnette said as they continued on the walk. \"My Papa's out of town on a job until next week, so it's just me and my Nanny living there; she can't see very well, so you'll be able to hide from her really easy.\" Blue gave a nervous hum at the idea of hiding all the time, but Lynnette gave his hand an assuring squeeze. \"Don't you worry, Blue,\" she told him as they began to turn the corner \"I promise I'll take good care of you until we find your home again.\" Feeling a bit comforted by her promise, Blue gave a smile behind his scarf, nodding at her. But just as they disappeared from the Ally, a group that consisted of two men and two women came running down into its narrow space. \"I'm sure I heard screaming from over here!\" the tall, slender woman stated, trying to catch her breath. \"Well, there's no one here, maybe it was coming from somewhere else, Lucille.\" the smaller man said as she continued to look around. \"Oh, Emile, I don't understand why he'd just take off like that,\" the petite woman with glasses said as she took his hand, a concerned look etched over her face. \"He's knows it's not safe for him to be among people yet.\" \"Either way, Maude, he's not here.\" the taller man said. \"Come on, we should keep looking.\" Emile and Maude nodded and went on ahead down the street, but he stayed behind when Lucille didn't move. \"Lucille?\" he asked, placing a hand on her shoulder. \"I'm so worried, Raoul,\" she said, trying to fight tears. \"What if we never find him?\" Raoul just wrapped her up in a hug. \"Hey, you'll see, I know we'll find him,\" She promised, just holding her a moment longer before he \"Now let's go, we need to catch up with Emile and Maude, he couldn't have gotten too far.\" Lucille gave a sniff watching as he took off before looking back down the Alley way one last time, cupping her hands over her mouth and yelling out. \"Francoeur, where are you?!\" Uh-oh, what's in store for our beloved Francoeur? stay tuned for the next chapter! ","Summary":" I love this movie so much, it was about time I started a fanfiction I hope you all enjoy reading:D "},{"Movie":"A Monster in Paris Un monstre à Pa...","Title":"A Monster in Paris 2","Author":"BillCipher12","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11267446","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Francouer started to sing a song to Lucille that he'd been working on since they started working together. When I'm without you, I feel I might die. You love me, I love you back, being with you I might try. Being with you makes feel like I'm not a monster anymore. You and me, we hold the key, to unlock true love's door. Then, he handed Lucille a little black box.\" Lucille, you complete me. I want you to be with me for the rest of my life. Francouer, is this what I think it is? Because if it is, my answer is yes.\" Lucille had accepted Francoeur's marriage proposal. At the next performance at The Rare Bird, Lucille had an announcement.\" Everyone, before the show starts, I have an announcement. Francouer and I are going to spend our lives together. We're getting married.\" After the last show of the night, Lucille went up to Raoul, Emile, and Maud and told them the big news.\" Lucille, we're very happy for you. Maud and I have been thinking about tying the knot lately.\" Raoul was not as excited as Emile was.\" I hope you two make a good couple.\"\" Raoul, are you jealous? Besides, a friend of mine was checking you out earlier.\" Lucille walked off, and she and Francouer\" got it on\" that night, and the next day, she and Francouer had bigger news to announce. Lucille was pregnant with a baby girl. 9 months later, Felicity, their daughter, was born. When she was about 4 years old, Felicity started school. She was an outcast for being part flea. When she was 10, she started working at The Rare Bird every weekend. But not as a singer. Sure, she had a beautiful voice, but she was really shy. After each day, she went into a forest, and she started singing the most beautiful song. They say I'm an outcast, well, I might be part flea. But I will show everyone who I'm supposed to be. I will be me. I'm ready to shine. I'll show them all who I am inside. Let me be who I am inside. Commissioner Maynott's son, Jack, overheard, and startled Felicity.\" Sorry. I didn't mean to scare you.\" They knew each other because they went to the same classes.\" Well, you did Jack. Now if you don't mind, I have to get back to The Rare Bird. It's getting late.\"[Chapter 2] The next day, Felicity met with her best friend, Annabelle.\"Hey. Anna, just because our parents were friends doesn't mean we have to be. I'm not saying I don't like you, because I do.\" Awhile later, she had a look on her face.\"Felicity, I know that look. Who is he?\"\"Who is who?\" said a blushing Felicity.\"come on, you know I know you much better than that. Just tell me.\"\"Okay, if you promise not to hate me forever, it's Jack.\"\"Wait, Jack as in Jack Maynott?\"\"Exactly.\"\"Oh my god, your parents will hate you if they find out.\"\"Wait, you're not mad at me?\"\"Of course not. This is a forbidden romance.\"\"I know, I know. The best kind.\"\"Well, if you like him, go talk to him.\"\"No, I can't. You know how shy I am.\"\"Shyness has no meaning in love.\"\"Fine, let's get this over with.\" She took Anna's advice and went up to him. She thought to herself,\" No, don't go up to him. Just do it. Okay, just do this, it'll be over before you no it.\" She built up the rest of her confidence.\"Hi, Jack.\"\"Oh, Felicity. Your voice is just amazing.\"\"It should be if I inherited my parent's voices, which I did. Great choice of words, Felicity. \"\"If voices were pictures, yours would be the most beautiful.\"\"Thank you.\" She walked back to Anna, blushing and smiling.\"So, how'd it go?\"\"It went great.\"\"Why do you like him, anyway?\"\"I don't know, he's just such a gentleman.\"\"And that's the only reason?\"\"Yes.\"\"No, it isn't.\"\"I am not going to tell you. Still, I can't believe I'm attracted to the son of the man who almost killed my father. It seems like I would want nothing to do with him, but he's just, I don't know the right word.\" ","Summary":" Francouer started to sing a song to Lucille that he'd been working on since they started working to"},{"Movie":"A Monster in Paris Un monstre à Pa...","Title":"A monster In paris 2: Vampire Rock","Author":"The-Skygirl-Stories","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9240455","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A monster in paris 2:Vampire Rock In Paris, A most adored singing/dance group named Lucelle and Francoer was getting ready for there performance in L,ousse Cafe and Singed Le Seine well in differnt country . Meanwhile in England, An women in an long dark red blouse and black shirt that touches the floor, was going to sing at an bar. came on stage and looked at an dark skinned girl giving an thumbs up and the woman begin to sing \"When i was born, I was ready to sing like miracle, Like a destiny. I listen to tunes learning to sing, But something missing from my life i wished of more friends, Learn the life of more land felling the emptiness in my life and my life i need a friend by my side to help survive when you need a friend by your life to help you live you change inside, when it comes when you realize the world comes alive to help you to find, when you need an friend and everything changes from beginning to end!.\" and she finished her song everyone cheered and clapped Later in her dressing room. \"That was amazing , Valerie! You should sing that more ofthen.\"said Katharine as she walks into the room \"Thanks Katharine, only that wasn't just an song. \"said Valerie \"Ohhh...sorry girl just i was thinking we should go to Paris!\" said Katharine \"Whoa i know that place, I been there and all that, I'm not going again!\" Said Valerie \"That's was an hundred years ago girl, and you need to relax.\" said Katharine Valerie sighed. \"Alright, But what if people started to find out I'm an vampire?\" Valerie \"Come on! Its not like an monster is already in Paris!\" said Katharine Later in Paris, Lucelle was helping Francoer getting his performer outfit off Then Emile and Rauol came in. \"Wonderful performance!\" said Rauol \"Why thank you.\" said Lucelle \"And so did you Francoer.\" said Emile Francoer Chirped happily \"Ump, look at the time, late for work.\" said Rauol as he walks out the door \"Alright see ya later.\" said Camille Later at the train station in London, Valerie and Katharine were getting on. \"Alright hopefully, There won't be that much people in Paris, yes it will be an small amount of humans.\" said Valerie as she talks to herself. \"Re-lax, It's ok its an 10 and a half hour ride.\" said Katharine \"Ok i trust you.\" said Valerie as they got on the train After 10 and a half hours later they arrive in Paris. \"Oh my god….\" Said Valerie as they got off the train. \"This was not i was expecting\" said Katharine \"You lied to me...\"said Valerie \"I'm sorry! Please don't hurt me!\" said Katharine \"So many people...\"said Valerie \"Don't think about it!\" said Katharine \"I need WINE!\" said Valerie \"Good idea, Let's get you some wine….\" said Katharine as she hold Valerie arms and carries her to an near by bat. To be continued.[Chapter 2] Hello, Everyone! I came back from the grave and I'll finished this story! Now i want to let you know that i made an couple of mistakes in chapter 1 and I'll fix them shortly. Plus, I';m changing Audrey name to Valerie. Now lets start this chapter! A monster in Paris ||: Vampire rock Meanwhile in a church, a boy name Simon was getting ready to sing for god. \"Ah there my boy, how is it doing?\" said His father. \"Not so good.\" said Simon \"Come on, everyone likes you\" said his father \"I know, but I want to dance and sing with a partner like them\" said Simon pointing to a poster of Lucille and Francoer. \"Son, you know were not that type of musical performer, we're for praying to god.\" said His father. \"Fine\" said Simon As he appears on the balcony he started to sing: \"This little light of mine, I'm gonna let it shine, this little let of mine, I'm gonna let it shine, let it shine, let it shine, let it shine.\" sang Simon Then everyone clapped. Later at night… \"Where an hotel around here?\" asked Kathrine \"I don't know!\" said Valerie \"Let's keep looking.\" said Kathrine \"Hey look a poster.\" said Valerie \"Lucille and Francoer, the musical duo tonight at 7:30\" said Kathrine \"We gotta go see!\" said Valerie well pulling Kathrine's hand \"Ow, human strength!\" said Kathrine \"Oh sorry.\" said Valerie Later at The café \"Wow a monkey, classic!\" said Valerie \"Lay low, we don't want anyone to think you're a vampire\" said Kathrine \"Sorry.\" said Audrey Then Lucille and Francoer appeared on stage and sang \"The Seine\". Valerie listened very closely to the song ","Summary":" A monster in paris 2:Vampire Rock In Paris, A most adored singing/dance group named Lucelle and Fra"},{"Movie":"A Monster in Paris Un monstre à Pa...","Title":"Curious Flea","Author":"SomnoInsanity","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7782839","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Francoeur had been ever so curious towards Lucille ever since they had come across one another. He was now sat on the love sofa in the backstage room plucking away softly at the strings of the guitar and hummed a tune softly to the silence. He was waiting for Lucille to return. Lucille had been caught up by her aunt Carlotta once the curtains had closed upon the duo. He was glad that they finished their final performance for the night and he was hopeful as always to spend time with Lucille. Now setting the guitar down and twiddling with his fingers, patiently. Still waiting for Lucille. He knew Carlotta was quite the chatter-box towards himself and Lucille. Just then, the one's said name came in to the room. Francoeur chirped with delight to see her. \"Hello, Francoeur. I'm sorry I was gone so long. Carlotta had to explain some new arrangements for the weekend. We'll have alot more to do of course.\" although as she spoke, she couldn't help but notice an expression on Francoeur's face. Of course he maybe a flea and have different ways to express but this look... it was the look of needing. \"Francoeur, are you ok?\" \" Oui , Lucille. Why ask, ma chère ?\" \"Well, because the look on your face... you look curious.\" with that, Francoeur hung his head rather low. \"Well, Lucille. In all honesty... I am towards you.\" he looked up at her for a second, but then in surprise to see her already sat next to him. \"Is it a particular thing on me or a part of me that you are curious about?\" Francoeur didn't answer. Instead he simply raised a hand to her brunette hair. A soft purr escaped from the flea as he felt her smooth and luxourious hair. \"Your hair... it's always ever so smooth and a shimmering Autumn gold in the light.\" Francoeur then trailed his hand down slowly to her rosey cheeks, gently caressing them. \"Your cheeks could never get reder as a blooming rose or even soft as its petals.\" Lucille immediately blushed to his words as she then brought her feet up on the sofa resting her arms on her knees. Francoeur instantly took a gentle hold of Lucille's hand. \"Soft and delicate hands which are also ever so elegant.\" it was then Francoeur's upper forearms moved to her sides. Gently stroking in every direction as though he was memorising her curves. Lucille sighed deeply with a gentle moan. Francoeur chirped as he continued this. His lower forearms now stroking at her thighs, slowly trailing down her legs while the upper arms kept at her sides. Lucille was surprised. Francoeur was definitely a kind, gentle, smart, caring and of course, an immensely curious flea. Lucille knew he would be at certain points or towards some objects that he of course would have never seen and he always showed his strong eagerness to the new things he was learning. He was thankful to have Lucille and for her to be the finest teacher to help him. Francoeur now slowly took off Lucille's high heels. She sighed slightly, she was glad to have the soreness that all the dancing had offered to her feet now slowly fade away. She also blushed as the curious flea inspected her soles, running a finger slowly down them. This made Lucille giggle slightly, her blush now a tickled pink. Francoeur simply smiled. \"Perfect toes. Neatly trimmed nails, and as always, the skin is ever so smooth. How you keep your skin so soft is amazing.\" Francoeur muttered slightly with a purr. Lucille couldn't help but blush. The heat at her face was fantastic. Francoeur shuffled up closer to Lucille, his lower hands kept hold of her soles to which they began to self-consciously knead them. While with his upper hands he trailed his fingers slowly up and down the length of her neck. Lucille gasped as her eyes began to roll back in to their sockets as Francoeur kept stroking at that sensitive spot. She slowly fluttered her eyes open. They met the fiery eyes of the gentle giant flea, whom smiled seductively and purred softly. As they stared in to one's gaze Lucille rested her hand on to Francoeur's cheek which he nuzzled in to softly. Kissing at her palm, then slowly nibbled at her fingers and playfully licked them. Lucille couldn't help but giggle and look flushed. Looking upon the woman, he moved closely where his lips then sought hers. Lucille could only shiver from the sensations. His kiss became ever so passionate. That serpine like tongue of his explored the roof of her mouth and every ridge at her teeth. Lucille moaned into his mouth as his tongue stroked around her own. She felt her nerves scream to the sensations that flowed within her. Francoeur then stopped and gazed into her eyes. His lower arms that had hold of her feet now trailed back up to her thighs as he kept his upper hands to her rosey cheeks that were now a deep burning red. \"Such a perfect Angel you are, mon amour. \" Francoeur purred softly. \"And you are a perfect gentleman, Francoeur.\" Lucille whispered as she cupped his cheek once more to which he nuzzled at once again. \"You're ever so sweet and kind. How is it no other man could have that personality?\" \"Many can be fickle, Lucille, and there are always some out there who don't appear fickle at all.\" Francoeur murmured softly. To Lucille, it sounded like he almost broke out into a sweet song which made her tremble slightly. \"Then I am glad that you are not at all. You fit to a T, Francoeur. No one could ever replace you within my heart.\" with those words said. Francoeur chirped happily that at that moment, a happy tear escaped from an eye. Lucille wiped it away softly with her thumb and gave Francoeur a gentle peck on his cheek. \"Sweet Lucille.\" Francoeur took hold of Lucille's hand and placed it against his chest. \"Whenever I'm near you, or even talk to you and think about you and your touch, it just makes my heart flutter and beat so rapdily that I appear to have entered Heaven and you, my Angel, came to me. I just wish I could repay you for all you've done for me.\" \"Dear Francoeur. You don't have to repay me. All I could ever ask from you is to stay with me.\" \"I shall promise that to you, Lucille.\" \" Merci, Francoeur. Come on, let's go home, now.\" Francoeur smiled as he handed Lucille her high heels and then got to his own feet. He threw on his white tail-coat and wrapped his turqouise scarf around his neck. As he put on his gloves, mask and hat. Lucille buttoned up her own coat. She smiled up at Francoeur whom smiled back down at her. The two then made their way out in to the alley way. Francoeur kept an arm around Lucille as they walked along the length of the alley. At long last they arrived at the foot of Lucille's home. As soon as they got safely inside. Lucille had just took off her coat, and then to suddenly have a warm feeling at her neck. Francoeur was softly rubbing his cheek at her neck being careful of his mandibles. He now planted a few soft pecks. Lucille went incredibly weak at her knees that she slowly began to sink down. But with one swoop, Francoeur had her in his lower arms as his upper arms took Lucille's coat from her and set it upon a nearby coat hanger. Now as he made his way upstairs, with one of his upper hands, he kept up caressing Lucille at her rosey cheeks. He arrived to her room and laid Lucille on to her bed. Francoeur then set his hat, mask, gloves and tail-coat neatly on to a dresser. He then sat by Lucille on the bed and took off his shoes and crawled up closer to Lucille. The woman before him was deeply flushed. How helpless she now was to the flea, whom sought her lips once more. Lucille could only moan softly and fidgit in curls. She kicked off her high heels and stroked at the soft sheets with her toes that curled as Francoeur began to nibble gently at her neck. He was certainly stoking her fire to a scorching blaze. But of course, Lucille wasn't complaining or telling Francoeur to stop. She merely didn't have the will power to speak as her nerves could only focus to the gentle touch of Francoeur's dozen fingers. The smooth, wet tongue that enjoyed trailing around and the softness of the lips that gave many pecks. Francoeur was ever so careful towards her like she was fragile as glass. Francoeur kept up with the soft pecks at her neck, which he continued, going down along her stomach. He kept going till he reached the tip of her toes to which he kissed before moving back up, the same trail, until he came to her lips once again. \"Oh, Francoeur. Please, don't stop.\" \" Ma chère . I shall continue for as long as you like. You deserve to be treated like a Angel you are.\" Francoeur purred. Within time, Francoeur and Lucille now laid close, in other words, in each others embrace in the bed. Francoeur was circling his fingers along Lucille's scalp. He had kept it up for quite some time, that Lucille had drifted off in to deep slumber. Francoeur couldn't help but purr happily as he looked upon the peaceful look on her face. He was ever so grateful to have met Lucille. He fixed his gaze to the window. Outside, Paris was as beautiful as ever. The city was sleeping under the clear night sky and the stars shone ever so brightly. Francoeur smiled as his eyes began to fall heavy. He then whispered softly; \" Bonne nuit, Paris,\"He then turned to face Lucille and gave her a kiss on the lips and whispered close to her ear. \" Bonne nuit cher, Lucille.\"[Chapter 2] p style=\"text-align: center;\"strongA/N: Oh, boy! Yes, I am alive and well! My apologies for being in-active for this long. There has been ema lot /emof things /strongstrongthat needed my attention. A huge amount so I won't bore you about it; Busy, busy... Busy! Plus, I have had horrid Writers Block that has lasted since... Well, since I ever last updated on FF of my fics. It's still there, too. :c/strong/p p style=\"text-align: center;\"strongPossibly lack of motivation/inspiration or even that little bit that says \"Don't bother,\" I don't know. Any of them really, empress your red buzzers now/em!/strong/p p style=\"text-align: center;\"strongSo, yes. Once again, deepest apologies to all who watch and await for an update... this is it for awhile. This AN will only be on stories that are W.I.P. So, if you don't see this on any that are in-complete, well, it could be a emlong /emtime until it ever receives more words. This doesn't mean I won't ever not continue, I just need to get my buzz back with the fandom before I can give what you want to read./strong/p p style=\"text-align: center;\"strongSo... The Wreck-It Ralph ones; One Turbo-Tastic Night; I will work my brain out to get that done for Christmas! Result: Virus Detected; The amount of ideas is neutral, but I am still working on it, giving it what I can think of to finish it. The King's Pleasure; Hiatus. I may create a tumblr for it so the full 18+ can be read without censoring it. I'm going to give it some thought until January 2015. I've heard some pros and cons and I'm abit sceptic about the website./strong/p p style=\"text-align: center;\"strongThe Lorax; Once-ler's Insanity; Hiatus. No new ideas at all. Not sure when I'll be struck with them since I lack thought for the film./strong/p p style=\"text-align: center;\"strongA Monster in Paris; Curiosity; Yet another W.I.P. I'm re-reading it and altering a few bits. Not the whole thing, just wording and such, that's all. I also want to make it abit softer... Light Body-Worship? We'll see :3/strong/p p style=\"text-align: center;\"strongSome new ones are coming up; CreepyPasta; Killer's Reunion; W.I.P. I know only a prologue is there, but I need to continue. Let's get it done! The Black Butler (Kuroshitsuji) I didn't have many ideas for it, but I've been granted some for once. Two so far, but hopefully more in future. Axis Powers: Hetalia! Since they are likely to be strong Yaoi, they may come forth if I do go with tumblr. /strongstrongAnd lastly, I did some Codename: Kids Next Door stories emyears /emago for DeviantART only, I'm re-reading them and altering all of them./strong/p p style=\"text-align: center;\"strongI guess that is it for now. I'll update as often as I can. Just gotta hang around for awhile in the several band-wagons at a time so I can be inspired and motivated some more that I can come up with more ideas./strong/p p style=\"text-align: center;\"strongUntil then, see you ASAP!/strong/p ","Summary":" Francoeur had been ever so curious towards Lucille ever since they had come across one another. He "},{"Movie":"A Monster in Paris Un monstre à Pa...","Title":"His New Song","Author":"Iride Kimori","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10541272","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey Everybody! This is the second story I've written, and it's gonna be the first completed one (hopefully). I have become thoroughly obsessed with this movie and i hope everyone enjoys what i write! (forgive me if i misspell anything) Au revoir! A girl laid in her bed and stared at the ceiling. It was one of the few things she could do in here condition at the time. A couple weeks ago she had come down with a bad cold, and then the Seinne began to overflow. She was living in a small ground apartment near the river when the water level first started to rise. When it started to flood her home, she grabbed her few things and moved to the Mormarcher hill with her mother. At which time her illness quickly got worse. Soon Paris was flooded and she was bed-ridden indefinitely. The moon glowed bright as a cool breeze blew through her open window. She shivered, then sat up to look around her room. Her possessions were stacked in and around the closet to her left and her guitar was propped up in the far-right corner, oh how she missed playing it all the time. Though weak, the moved the covers aside and pushed her shaking legs to carry her across the room to her guitar. She plopped down onto the floor and held the instrument in her arms, reveling in the smoothness of the wood and the fine-tuned strings on her fingers. Alone in the quiet, she heard a small chirp from somewhere, taking this as a que to start. She began to strum out a sweet tune, her favorite part of The Prayer, and poured herself into each note. She wanted to sing the lyrics as well, but her throat only managed a small squeak. No sooner than she got to the middle of the score was she forced to stop due to a large bought of coughing. Her guitar fell to the floor as she moved her hands to cover her mouth. When she stopped coughing she heard the chirps gain, but louder this time. Looking around her room, her eyes rested on something very unusual. Two big, yellow eyes with red irises stared back at her through the window. She scooted slightly away from the window. At first she was shocked, but also very curious. After a moment though, her curiosity overcame her fear. As she slowly stood up and moved closer, the owner of the strange eyes backed up slightly on the medium-sized windowsill. That small movement moved it into the moonlight and her own eyes got wide. The creature was at least six feet tall hunched over like it was, but she imagined it was taller otherwise. It was blue with four arms and two springy-looking legs. It was shaped like an insect with two mandibles on either side of it's chin and what seemed to be spikes on it's arms, legs, and along it's back. Looking up to it's face however, it's expression was not that of a monster, but was the same as her's. It was pure curiosity. A much smaller bought of coughing momentarily halted her observation. When she looked back up, the creature's eyes now not only contained curiosity, but also concern. At that moment she realized something. This creature meant her no harm. She also thought it looked rather lonely on the windowsill. She offered it a hand, welcoming it into her home. It was apprehensive at first, then after a moment, it laid two of it's hands on her's and stepped down through the window. After entering, The creature let go of her hand and looked around for a moment, then back at her. She tried to ask him a question, but once again all that came out of her mouth was a small squeak. It chirped in response, as if acknowledging that neither of them could verbally communicate. This made both of them smile. The prolonged standing made her legs begin to shake, so she sat down hard on the floor and rubbed a bit of the sleep out of her eyes. The creature looked around the room again and his eyes stopped on her fallen guitar. When she opened her eyes, he had sat down in front of her with the guitar, mimicking how she held it. He pressed his fingers on the on the strings and strummed a perfect chord. She was impressed by his ability to learn, and she wanted to teach him more if he was interested. She adjusted his shoulders and moved his arms slightly in the right position, then taught him a few more chords. After a few minutes of practice, she taught him a melody, and soon he was playing a song all his own. She rested her back on the end of her bed and listened to the giant creature's sweet music. It reminded her of one of the first songs she played as a child. A large smile crossed his face as he plucked away at the strings, sending her a glance every now and then. Soon her head began to nod. She tried her best to keep awake but her fatigue and the smooth music slowly overtook her conciousness. \"AAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH!\" She awoke to the sound of a terrified scream. A gust of air rushed past her as her mother ran franticly into the room. She ran to the window and then rushed to her side. \"Oh my god! Are you alright dear?! Are you okay?! Did that horrible monster hurt you? ….Hello? Hello?!\" But she ignored her mother's concerned babble. She glanced around the room. Everything was the same as when she fell asleep, but her guitar laid face-down on the floor once again and her friend was gone. She looked to the side and for the first time in weeks, she stood up straight without effort and gracefully strode to the window. She looked out into the night, wondering where he would go. In her mind she thanked him for his company and wished him to be safe whatever happened, then spoke aloud in a whisper, \"Good luck, mi ames.\" Author's Note: \"mi ames\" is french for \"my friend.\"[Chapter 2] Francoeur and Lucille took a bow as they finished their performance. They waved to the crowd as the curtain closed on another successful night. \"You were wonderful tonight Francoeur!\" Lucille told him with a smile. He chirped back with his own smile, conveying the same message. \"Now if you'll excuse me, I have to go get ready.\" She scurried off to her dressing room to prepare for the rest of the night's events. Her, Raoul, Emile, and Maude were all going to a dinner party tonight that they had been invited to the week prior. Francoeur was invited too, and he wanted to go, but he decided to stay behind. He was fine on stage, but being part of the large crowd made him extremely nervous. That and the fact that Lucille had just recently taught him how to speak the human language made conversing with anyone frustrating, so he preferred to stay silent. Lucille had finished getting dressed as Raoul, Emile and Maud walked into the dressing room, having come to the cabaret prepared to leave for the party after his and Lucille's final party was semi-formal. Maud wore a long-sleeved, lavender dress with white and sapphire accents, Emile and Raoul wore suits of green and brown, and Lucille wore a medium-sleeved, flowing, pink dress with rose-pattern embroidery on the bodice and white, lace accents. He thought she looked beautiful. He sat at the piano bench and listened while the four of them chatted about what they might expect to happen at the party, when Lucille turned to him. \"Are you sure you don't want to come?\" She asked. He gave her an apologetic look and nodded. \"Well then, we'd better leave now so we don't show up late.\" Raoul looked at her and she nodded. \"Okay.\" Francoeur being his polite self decided to walk out front and see them off. As he waved goodbye, he remembered the real reason he didn't want to go. Lucille and Raoul walked arm-in-arm, as did Maud and Emile. If he had decided to go, he would have no one's hand to hold, no one to send happy glances to, no one to share new things with. He would be, in a sense, alone. When the thought of love first crossed his mind, he thought he could love Lucille. She was the one who took him in, gave him a life, showed him he didn't have to be a monster, but thoughts disappeared when Raoul admitted his love for her. Afterwards he thought it would be selfish to confess his love as well. He didn't want to ruin their happiness. Although, when he thought of love, there was one other person that came to mind. Someone he thought of whenever he picked up his guitar. He thought it was a dream, but just maybe, if there was one person out there who could accept him. No. He quickly pushed that aside, reminding himself of something yet again. Monsters don't get happy endings. These sad thoughts now placed in his mind, he walked back to the rear entrance of the cabaret, for the front would be locked up by now. Adelaide watched Lucille and Francoeur take a bow as she poured a glass of champagne for one of the spectators at L'Oeseau Rare. After living at her mother's house for a few weeks she got a job as a waitress at the cabaret and a rooftop apartment not too far away, though it was still a good walk to and from. The curtains closed and people started to take the last sips of their drinks and leave. Now it was time for her final task of today, closing up. Normally the act of closing the establishment was done by the owner or one of the performers, but all of them were invited to a dinner party that evening immediately afterwards. This is what she had been waiting for all week. Once all of the people had left, she began to stack chairs on the tables. Just then Lucille, Francoeur, and their friends began to emerge from the back stage door, all dressed in semi-formal wear for the party. No one really noticed her, being as quiet as she was. Madame Carlotta was the one who hired her so she never actually met the performers face-to-face, but oh did she love their show. She would hum to herself during their songs as she served the show-goers, but never louder than only she could hear. She watched them leave as she stacked the last few chairs and walked over to lock the front doors. She hurried to get the rest of her duties done as fast s she could so she could complete her evening too. About fifteen minutes later, she was finished with her work and sat down to take a break. After catching her breath she skipped down to the wine cellar to put her plan in motion. Down in the wine cellar was a backpack and a large case. The large case was a guitar case, and she smiled wide as she opened it. In order to be as good as the musical duo she loved, she needed to practice, and what better way to practice than in an actual stage setting? The cabaret would be safe in her care. Holding the instrument in her hands, she became that much more excited. In the backpack was the second part of her act, the best dress she owned. It was a long, snowy blue dress. It's sleeves were large, white puffs that rested past the shoulders, with sapphire ribbons tied at the bottom. Long, white ruffles flowed over the chest and about half-way down the dress. The tall collar was sapphire too, as well as the two thin ribbons that joined the two sets of ruffles at the sides of the dress. She held it to her heart, remembering when she first got it. Her father gave it to her when she was a child, right before he left for the army. He said he wanted her to grow into a strong and beautiful girl so she could wear it in the future. She put on the dress and twirled around the room, elated to feel the fine fabric on her skin. She then took a small mask from the backpack that she had fashioned to match the dress. She enjoyed the air of mystery a mask gave someone and thought it a good addition to her performance. After putting on the mask, she grabbed her guitar and walked back up to the cabaret. She put her backpack on the floor back stage and took a deep breath. She stepped out from behind the curtain and into center stage. She imagined everything. The announcer shouted her name and the cheers rang through the building. The crowd was the largest it had ever been, and all went silent as she curtsied to them. She strummed a chord and rolled into a beautiful rendition of her favorite song, The Prayer. ","Summary":" Hey Everybody! This is the second story I've written, and it's gonna be the first completed one (ho"},{"Movie":"A Monster in Paris Un monstre à Pa...","Title":"A Hard Day's Reward","Author":"DesertNightWolf","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10239228","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Tee-hee, another short Francouer x Reader one-shot. I should really just make a booklet of FrancouerxReader stuff. The Rare Bird was as busy as ever now that word had gotten out about the \"Monster of Paris\" is now singing with the \"Angel of Monmarte\". You found yourself busy without even a moment to rest since you were the only waitress (besides the occasional help of Charles) all thanks to Albert being… Well, an asshole. Refreshing champagne here, delivering food there took a toll on your stamina. The perk of doing all this was to listen to Lucille and Francouer sing and occasionally while taking an order your eyes would wander over to the stage to watch them. Each night without fail they would receive a standing ovation with flowers being thrown at their feet. Tonight was no different. As you poured champagne into a couple's glasses you stopped for a moment when you heard applause and turned around. Lucille smiled at the crowd and gave a bow while Francouer busied himself in picking up the flowers off the floor. He was sweet; you had gotten the chance every night after the show to talk to him ( you doing most of the talking while he would coo and chirp in response.) To think that people had been scared of him before stunned you. You had never fallen for the propaganda that the former Mayor Maynott had created to distract people from the issue of the flooded Paris. But when you had met him for the first time, well… You'd be lying if you said you weren't shocked when you saw Francouer in person. He had about three feet on you, with his towering stature you felt very miniscule in comparison. But you took the time to get to know him and you were glad you did. Francouer was the kindest being you had ever met. After everyone cleared out of the Rare Bird for the night you slumped in a chair and sighed. Raoul took a seat next to you; probably waiting for Lucille to get out of her dressing room. \"You were hauling butt tonight, (y/n).\" he commented while taking a sip from his glass. \"They really need to hire more help around this joint.\" \"Tell me about it. They're making enough money now that they can afford to.\" You leaned backwards in your chair, cracking your back in the process. \"This is killing me. Those slave drivers! Can't believe I'm saying this, but I actually miss that twat Albert.\" Raoul chuckled and continued to chat you up about the day until Lucille and Francouer joined you. \"What a night.\" She groaned. \"As always you did great though!\" you mused in an attempt to cheer her up. Looking over at Francouer you saw that he was holding a bundle of flowers; most likely the ones he picked up from the floor. His large orange eyes looked at you as he offered the bundle to you with a cooing noise. You were surprised at his gesture. \"For me?\" Francouer smiled and nodded, still holding out the flowers to you. Your cheeks burned a little, no one had ever given you flowers in your entire life. It embarrassed you even more that Lucille and Raoul were observing he two of you; anticipating your reaction. \"Well, go one (y/n).\" Lucille urged you. \"Oh!\" you turned back to Francouer and took the flowers from his gloved hands. \"Thank you Francouer! It's very kind of you!\" Francouer's smile simply warmed your heart; he was just too cute! \"Well, well. Looks like Francouer has a little crush.\" Raoul gave you a cheeky grin. \"Oh stop it. Leave them alone.\" Lucille swatted at him. \"I think it's nice of Francouer to give flowers to (y/n).\" Raoul held up his hands in defense. \"Hey! I'm just saying maybe Francouer had intentions behind it!\" \"Raoul!\" Lucille swatted him again. \"You're embarrassing them!\" You and Francouer simply watched as they continued to playfully bicker. Yup. All your hard work was worth it if this is what you got at the end of the day.[Chapter 2] Because the people who reviewed inspired me to get my butt into gear and give you something in thanks for reviewing! Originally this was gonna be a separate one-shot, but hey. Why not change it up a bit so it fits with the previous one? It's a bit short, but I actually plan on adding a third part and who knows where it'll go from there. Thank you again for reviewing! ^-^ Your arms shivered, no doubt goose bumps rising on your arms as the cold nipped at your skin. The night was unruly and merciless, even Lucille had suggested you stay the night at the Rare Bird. There were rooms and a living courter upstairs, but you never felt right when you slept anywhere else that wasn't your own home. So you pushed forward with your hands trying to bring warmth to your naked upper arms. But the noise of someone following you made your heart beat speed up with fear. Your pace quickened to a light trot when you heard the stranger call out to you. \"Hey girl! Don't run away! Let's have some fun tonight!\" His voice became louder as he caught up to you. You let out a shriek when you feel a rough hand grab you harshly by your shoulder and spin you around. \"Let go of me!\" you yell while attempting to pummel him in the face or wherever you could land a hit. You kicked and flailed your arms everywhere even trying to bite. When you happened to land a good hit that made his nose bleed he spat in your face and threw you against a harsh brick wall and slammed your face right into it. \"Just for that you're gonna pay.\" He growled out. That threat was never followed through though. He looked shocked when Francouer easily lifted his body away from you and threw him aside. Just by seeing the size of your savior made him go running for his life. Francouer looked back at you with his large eyes. Cooing in reassurance that you were okay. Sure you had cuts and will probably have bruises on your face the following day, but other than that you were fine. He held out his am for you to take and smiled. Your own lips quirked up. \"Aw thanks Francouer. If only other men were gentlemen like you.\" You took his arm and he escorted you home, not leaving until he was sure you made it safely inside.[Chapter 3] Sorry, but I am no longer posting chapters of this story on this sight D: Ya I know it's a bummer and probably a pain in the ass if you were actually following the story. I'm sorry. I will be posting new chapters of it though on Quotev. : story/4931692/A-Hard-Days-Reward/ I just don't feel comfortable anymore posting reader-inserts on this site for some reason. Maybe because i'm worried they'll get deleted like my DeidaraxReader one... Oh well, anyway, yeah oxo Once again i'm sorry for this. But i hope you do continue to support and read it on Quotev, even if you don't have an account on there. ","Summary":" Tee-hee, another short Francouer x Reader one-shot. I should really just make a booklet of Francoue"},{"Movie":"A Monster in Paris Un monstre à Pa...","Title":"The Trial","Author":"purplefern","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11018578","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Yes, I am still here. Yes, I know this is not Ninja Turtles, but I recently watched A Monster in Paris and absolutely loved it. So, before you go any further, I suggest watching the movie. It's on Netflix if you have that. Anyway, for those here that have seen this, I couldn't stop wondering what Maynott's court case would be like, and how the public would react to it. Also, I wanted to add a fanfiction to this small fandom that wasn't Francille. Add to our small numbers. Anyway, enough stupid-long author notes, to the story! Judge Martin looked around the courtroom, internally wondering why it had to be him to do this case. Usually during court, there was a decent amount of people, family of the accused and the accusers, maybe some press; but this was no ordinary court hearing, and the courtroom was unusually full. Finally his eyes came to rest on the defendant, who was sitting in his chair with a proud, nearly smug, grin that Judge Martin couldn't begin to understand, considering what he was being accused of. Sighing softly to himself with the knowledge that this was going to be a long trial, the head judge decided he might as well start now. \"M. Maynott, former commissioner of Paris, is charged with the following crimes: several cases of assault, property destruction, and first-degree attempted murder\" the judge intoned, as the large group of Parisians looked on at the ex-commissioner with varying mixtures of shock, disgust, and curiosity. \" Attempted murder?\" exclaimed the once well-dressed and powerful man, now wearing a standard prisoner's uniform, as his smug smile faded and was replaced with a irked frown, \"What does that mean?\" \"Well,\" replied the judge, \"Seeing as M. Francœur is alive we can't very well charge you with murder.\" Maynott looked up at the main judge with shock, then turned to look at the crowd gathered at the hearing, his eyes locking onto a particularly tall, familiar looking member of the onlookers. Francœur glanced back at his former persecutor nervously, before shrinking back towards Lucille who sat at his side. \"The monster, alive? But I killed it!\" protested Maynott passionately, standing up and addressing the whole courtroom, \"I saved Paris from this creature, and now you just let it into the courtroom?\" \"You should be grateful that Francœur is alive!\" shouted Lucille, now also standing, \"Maybe now you'll be able to get out of prison before you're ninety!\" The courtroom broke into excited chatter at the confrontation, before the judge called for order, \"Mademoiselle Lucille, please! Calm yourself!\" Lucille fell silent but continued to stand, steaming and glaring at Maynott, before Francœur placed his hands on her shoulders and gently pushed her back towards her seat. Lucille sat down, but continued to stare venomously at the defendant. Briefly her eyes shifted to the flea next to her, and she dropped her violent expression when she noticed the unease on his face. Giving him a small hopeful smile, Lucille turned back to the judge, saying calmly, \"I'm sorry Judge Martin. You can go on now\". \"Thank you, Mlle. Lucille.\" Shuffling his papers and looking across between the general attorney and the defense, and then sweeping a glance at the two other judges in the room, the main judge nodded his head once, then announced, \"Well, then, we'll get this assize court under session. M. Maynott, as the defendant we will allow you to speak for yourself first. What do you have to say about your charges?\" Lucille stomped out of the doors to the Palais de Justice, muttering to herself all the while. \"That Maynott! He has the jury with his every word! I can't believe that they believe this 'hero' nonsense! That man is no hero, he's a menace!\" Francœur, who was walking a pace behind the fuming Lucille, sighed in disbelief himself. If anyone understood what kind of menace Maynott was, it would be the \"monster\" he had chased after so viciously. But good luck getting the general public to see it from his point of view. Francœur 'said' as much to Lucille, chittering discouragedly as he looked down at the ground. Suddenly Lucille stopped and turned around, and Francœur stopped short so he wouldn't run into her. \"Don't sound like that, Francœur. You're not a monster, and everyone will know it! Pâté did, didn't he?\" He replied with a hesitant hum of agreement, but still looked unsure. Lucille turned around towards L'Oiseau Rare, only to let out a quick gasp of surprise as she ran right into a held out newspaper. \"Commissioner Maynott's arrested! People question Captain Pâté's decision to defend the rights of the 'Monster of Paris'\". Lucille took a half step back to read the headline more clearly, then ripped it from the man's hands, handing him change for the paper. \"Thank, you, ma'am\" said the paper guy, tipping his hat, before walking in the other direction, continuing his declaration of the latest news. Lucille skimmed over the main article, while Francœur, curious, peered over her shoulder to look at the story as well. As she read the article, her mouth formed into a thin line as she read the journalist's column on the critiscm of Pâté's decision to arrest Maynott. After reading as much as she could take of the harsh statements about defending the rights of a monster she let out an exasperated sigh and said- partly to herself and partly to Francœur, who had looked up at her from where he was slowly reading through the article when he heard her sigh- \"If Maynott is found innocent after all of this, I don't know what I'll do\". Francœur looked thoughtful, but didn't respond. He couldn't help but feel guilty at all this argument and fuss over himself. He didn't like conflict, and he also didn't like Lucille feeling so angry all the time- she hadn't look relived since the trial at the courthouse had started. He halfway didn't even mind if Maynott was found innocent if it meant that this would all blow over more quickly. Only halfway, it would be better if Maynott was locked away safe, so he wouldn't be able to hurt Francœur or his friends again. The sudden image of Maynott trying to hurt Lucille made him panic internally for a moment. His thoughts must have shown on his face, because Lucille placed a comforting hand as close to his shoulder as she could get, saying, \"Hey, don't worry about it. Like I said, I'm sure everyone will see it from our side. For now, let's just go home\". Now that was something Francœur could easily fully agree to. Please review, I'm always so nervous posting something for a new fandom. Until next chapter![Chapter 2] Later that night, the \"Angel of Montmartre\" and the \"Monster of Paris\" (formerly) were both preparing for their usual show at the L\"Oiseau Rare cabaret. The duo was debating on which music would be best for the performance that night- Lucille wanted \"Just a Little Kiss\", but Francœur was in more of a mood for the slow, ballad-like version of \"La Seine\"- when there came a knock on the door. \"Francœur…\" Lucille started to tell him to get his \"disguise\" on, but he was ahead of her, already pulling on his gloves and putting on his hat. It may have almost been generally known who and what her performing partner was, but the female singer didn't want to take any chances. Looking over at Francœur, who gave her a thumbs up, she went to open up the door, only to let out a relived but annoyed sigh when she saw it was only Raoul. She opened the door a little wider, and glared at him with her hip cocked and arms akimbo. \"Raoul, what do you want? We're trying to get ready for a show here\". Worryingly, Raoul did not respond to her jibe, instead asking, \"Lucille, can I just come in?\" Taken aback by the tone of his response (it reminded her far too much of when he had told her that the police were coming to L'Oiseau Rare), she simply nodded and stepped back to allow him inside the dressing room. Raoul glanced behind her to look at Francœur- who was taking off his gloves when he saw that it was only Raoul- with a worried look, and then looked at both of them, declaring, \"You guys can't do a show tonight\" as he threw a pile of papers onto the piano seat. Francœur looked at him with surprise, with a sharp chirp that could have either been a \"what\" or a \"why\", and Lucille- looking outwardly annoyed but on the inside feeling worried- echoed him. \"What? And why would we do that?\" Rather than answer directly, Raoul answered with a question of his own, picking up the bundle of papers and giving them to her as he asked. \"Have you seen any of this?\" Lucille did not have to look at the papers too long to know that they were the same articles that she had read before. \"Yeah, what about them?\" \"Did you read all of them, all the way through?\" She shifted uncomfortably, not liking where this was going. \"No, I didn't. Raoul what is this? Why are you saying we can't do a show tonight?\" Raoul sighed, and looked back and forth between Lucille and Francœur, who had been watching the conversation wide-eyed, and looked at the both of them. \"There's a lot of hateful stuff going around from Maynott being arrested. Not everyone is as happy about it as we are, and those people all know where to find Francœur. I'm worried that one of you, maybe both of you, are going to get hurt if you go out there on stage tonight. I don't want that happening\" this last part he said looking only at Lucille, who looked down at the newspapers in her hands with worry. It wasn't long before her worry turned into resolve. She stood up, handing the newspapers to Raoul, telling him, \"It's nice of you to be so thoughtful, but we're still doing our performance\" she glanced over to her partner to make sure that the other half of the \"we\" agreed, and he gave her an equally decided nod. He was generally a gentle soul, but he wouldn't let anyone take his singing away from him. I t was one of the most important things he had. \"Right. We're doing our performance\". \"Lucille, are you crazy? Well, more crazy than usual. Who knows what could happen tonight!\" \"We can't let some harsh words stop us from doing what we like to do. That only tells them that they were right and that they won. I, for one, won't be intimidated by a bunch of Maynott-supporting bigots\". Raoul groaned, knowing that he couldn't talk her out of this. \"I hate it when you're like this\". Lucille merely grinned, knowing she had won the argument. Looking at a nearby clock, she looked between Francœur and Raoul, before giving a definitive clap of her hands. \"Well, our show's on in ten. Francœur, we'll go ahead and do 'La Seine'.\" She walked out of the dressing room, giving Raoul a kiss on the cheek and a \"thanks for caring so much\". Hastily putting on his mask, hat, and gloves Francœur followed behind her, giving Raoul an apologetic shrug, but he was no less determined. \"You're both nuts\" he muttered to himself as he was left in the dressing room to consider the foreboding newspapers in his hands. R&R;, Until next chapter![Chapter 3] Brace yourselves, Francoeur fans, this isn't a kind chapter. The two headed backstage, and heard the quiet murmur that came through the curtain, as patrons waited for the show to start. The murmur died down as Carlotta's voice went through the room. \"Welcome, Mesdames and Messieurs to L'Oiseau Rare! I'm happy to introduce for you tonight the Angel of Montmartre and the Supreme Virtuoso: Lucille and Francœur!\" Applause rippled out from the crowd and the duet stepped out onto the stage as the curtains rose. Everything started normally, the two sang the slower version of 'La Seine', now arranged for a duet instead of a solo, and danced while the crowd cheered and watched on. By the middle of the performance, both singers were too lost in the song to even think about the threatening news articles. They both were dragged painfully back to reality when something crashed onto the stage. They both looked down in the direction of the crash, and were surprised and worried to see shards of broken glass in a puddle on the stage, almost right next to their feet. Right after they saw this, a loud voice could be heard coming from the banisters on the side of the room. \"Freak! Get off the stage!\" All eyes in the room went to the general area of the now-raging voice. \"It's a sad day when good people are arrested for trying to kill something like that!\" The room broke into murmurs, most of shock, but a few faces seemed to consider the ranter's words. \" I can't believe that you're all letting a monster act like he's one of us or something! We should all be doing what the commissioner did and hunting it down, not treating it like a celebrity!\" Lucille stopped and stared bloody-murder at the direction of the voice, before turning towards Francœur, who stood stock-still with shock and hurt creeping into his eyes. \"Come on, Francœur, let's go\" turning towards the audience, who was already being bustled out by Carlotta and even Raoul, Lucille announced \"Show's over, folks. Go home\". \"Yeah, you leave. Freak lover!\" Turning beet red, Lucille screamed, \"Will someone get that guy out of here?!\" before grabbing Francœur by a glove and giving him a gentle tug backstage. He followed without protest, only giving out a quiet whimper, his eyes still full of hurt. Once safely backstage, Lucille gave him a hug, telling him, \"It's alright. That idiot was probably drunk. No sober person would want to hurt you like that. It's alright…\" He leaned into her comforting arms, wrapping his own arms around her with grateful purr that was still tinged with sadness. Humans' fear, he knew, and had even come to resignedly accept as how things were: even now, he still scared people. But hatred, that was something new, and he liked it even less than their fear. What had he done, he couldn't help but wonder to himself, to deserve all this? All he wanted was to do what he loved with the people he loved, like anyone else. But just because of what he was, no one seemed to understand that. Even now, people saw him as a monster, and nothing seemed to have changed. Well, except for one thing… Holding Lucille just a little tighter, Francœur was grateful that at least some humans understood. \"Hey, are you two alright?\" Francœur was broken from his thoughts as Raoul came running down the hall towards them, and the hug was broken up right after for them to face him. Francœur replied with a strained, but positive trill, and Lucille told him, \"We're alright\". Raoul instantly looked relived, and taking a more casual posture, said, \"Well, that's good. You know that guy broke a perfectly good champagne glass? How'd he get in here anyway? I thought that the L'Oiseau Rare didn't accept 'losers'\". He looked at her with a lopsided smirk that helped to at least slightly break the heavy tension. Lucille at first looked at him with confusion, before smirking herself. \"We usually don't, but then again we've made exceptions before\" the joking mood dissolving, she added in an exasperated voice, her anger at the situation coming back, \"Please tell me you got that guy out of here\". He smiled again, this time not at Lucille, but to himself, \"I didn't, but your aunt sure did. Threw out face-first onto the pavement, and banned him to boot. Remind me not to ever get on her bad side\". Turning now to Francœur, he added, \"And, don't worry, if he shows his face around here again I'll take care of him myself\". Francœur considered that for a moment, and then with a small churring laugh gestured towards Lucille, who looked back at him with a cocked eyebrow. Waving his hands frantically, Raoul protested with a restrained laugh, \"Whoa, whoa, whoa! I don't want to hurt the guy that bad!\" Lucille crossed her arms with a huff, but accepted the joke at her expense. It really wasn't her fault she was so protective, or that she had a temper. Jokes at an end, the trio in the hall fell silent, but the silence was much lighter than the atmosphere had been before. Then the silence was broken with a sigh from Raoul that seemed to reflect everyone's feelings, and said distantly with grim humor, \"It looks like I was right after all, huh?\" Francœur chirred in regretful agreement, but Lucille replied, \"You said we'd get injured. And look\" she spread her arms out, gesturing at both singers, \"We're fine\". \"Ah, ah, ah\" argued Raoul, shaking a finger, \"I said one of you'd get hurt .\" His eyes turned serious and sad- after all, he'd heard the horrible things yelled about Francœur as much as Lucille had- and he ended soberly. \"And someone did get hurt\". Lucille sighed, upset, but added, looking relieved \"At least it's over\". Francœur nodded and churred in relief, but Raoul shook his head. \"This won't be over until Maynott is charged guilty, and it might not even end there. You know how people can be. Some people still give you a hard time just because you're a woman, and you're even human! I'm sorry to drop some heavy realism on you, buddy\" he said, turning towards Francœur and shaking his head in slow regret, \"but I don't think there will ever be a time when every human completely accepts you\". Francœur sighed, realizing that what Raoul said was probably true, but when he looked over at Lucille, she looked like she wanted to slap Raoul, a look of determination on her face that the flea was coming to know, love, and sometimes rely on, more and more. \"Maybe we can't change the mind of the entire world, but we call still show people, one person at a time, who Francœur really is. And just what Maynott is\". She smiled, looking smug, as if they had already convinced everyone. \"And Maynott's trial would be a great place to start\". So, R&R;, until next chapter! ","Summary":" Yes, I am still here. Yes, I know this is not Ninja Turtles, but I recently watched A Monster in Pa"},{"Movie":"A Monster in Paris Un monstre à Pa...","Title":"That Bubbly Feeling","Author":"Ms. S. Phinx","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9529484","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Francœurxoc Francœur the flea is starting to feel left out with his new found friends. Raoul and Lucille, Maud and Emile. They don't seem to have enough time for him anymore. Even Charles the monkey has to do his job. But when Lucille's niece (also a singer and lover of the arts) comes to visit from America, something in the giant flea begins to bubble. The girl ends up falling for him without knowing he's a flea. How will she take it, and how will Francœur take it when she's being wooed by another? Let's say a few months after the movie. There's going to be heat in Paris today! Ever since the flood the sky has seemingly run out of water. We are in the middle of a drought! Let us hope this doesn't last long! The famous singer from America has been on tour for a year now and is finally coming home. She says that she needs to be with family and relax, and were else to find a gent to wed\" add her parents. Seems we'll be seeing her at the Rare Bird very soon. Dressing room laughter. \"Eeee!\" came a loud screech from Lucille's dressing room everyone came rushing in. including Francœur who had been in his own dressing room. (He'd gotten that when he was put on the posters). \"Whoa hey yah!\" Raoul cried as he burst into the room, \"who do you need me to fight off milady!\" The rest (including her aunt Carlotta) came in quickly afterward. Lucille laughed at her boyfriend's reaction, \"no! I'm fine I just got a letter, saying that my niece will be coming to Paris soon! Isn't that wonderful Aunt Carlotta?\" \"Oh!\" Carlotta exclaimed remembering the sweet girl that always had her nose in a book, \"sweet little Jana-belle!\" \"Yes!\" Lucille was now up and dancing around her aunt, \"but she's not so little anymore Aunt Carlotta! Look!\" she handed her aunt a picture of her niece that had come with the letter. \"Oh my goodness she's practically a lady now!\" Carlotta exclaimed. \"I know! It's been ten years since she moved to New York!\" Lucille said showing the picture around to her friends, who ooed and awed over the lovely picture. \"She even preforms as well. Remember when she said she wanted to be just like me when she grew up?\" \"Oh yes I do!\" \"She's been touring all over the U.S.!\" \"No! Shy little Jana-belle! Never!\" \"Oh but it's true! She sings, she dances! She even plays a wide variety of instruments!\" \"Oh my, that girl has been busy!\" Carlotta laughed. Lucille laughed to. Francœur was the last to get the picture, having listened to all of this he finally got to look at this creature his friends were talking about. He held the picture in his three fingered hand. The girl in the photo was on a bench on a stone walkway with a short stone bridge behind her, to her right was the edge of a city, and on her left was the statue of liberty. The girl herself was wearing her light colored hair in a loose bun, her dark colored eyes shined even in the picture. She had a smile and a book on her lap, her dress was settled just right around her lean form. She was just so very beautiful! He couldn't say it in words how beautiful she looked to him. He gulped and blushed (if fleas can do such a thing) at his suddenly bubbling feeling. \"Oh when is she coming!\" came the cry of Aunt Carlotta snapping Francœur out of his thoughts. \"In two weeks!\" Lucille said entwining her fingers with her aunt's. \"Oh not nearly enough time to get this place ready for her arrival! Oh but too long to wait!\" Carlotta said rushing out of the room to do who knows what. Emile caught sight of Francœur swooning at the picture again, he let out a soft laugh only caught by his girlfriend, Maud, beside him. \"What's so funny?\" she whispered looking strangely at the dancing couple that was Lucille and Raoul. \"Look at Francœur, I think he's in love!\" Emile laughed a bit louder. Maud giggled into her hand, \"I hope he knows it's just a picture.\" \"What?\" Raoul had stopped the silly dance he was doing, curious as to see what his friend was laughing about. \"Look!\" Emile pointed to the giant flea, who was cooing at the picture now. Raoul burst into laughter so loudly it startled the oversized flea, making him nearly drop the picture. \"Raoul!\" came the stern voice of his girlfriend, Lucille, \"it is not nice to laugh at someone else's affections!\" her French accent wary. Raoul rolled his eyes, \"I didn't mean anything by it princess,\" he replied coyly. Lucille crossed her arms. \"Aw come on don't give me those eyes,\" Raoul got closer to Lucille who remained fixed in that position. He finally got close enough to touch her when he begin to tickle her. Lucille was so surprised she yelped. She laughed and ran from him, this time Raoul chased her. Francœur looked up just long enough to let out a small laugh as his two friends chased each other around the room. They finally grew tired and plopped down on the couch beside Francœur. \"So buddy,\" Raoul began, \"what's this I hear about you being in love?\" Francœur blushed deeply and looked back at the picture of the beautiful girl, and if even possible his already very purple face became even purpler. He quickly handed the picture back to Lucille and looked away trying desperately to hide the absence color. Feeling sorry for Francœur, having sudden unwanted attention on him, tried comforting him, \"it's alright, Francœur, it's nothing to be ashamed of,\" Lucille smiled, \"my niece is a very nice girl, and I'm sure she'd take a quick liking to you!\" Francœur turned back to Lucille with a small hopeful smile on his blue face. Lucille nodded reassuringly, but unfortunately the moment was short lived. \"But seriously buddy, love ain't easy,\" the famous last words of none other than good old Raoul. Francœur suddenly became nervous once again. \"Nonsense!\" Lucille declared. \"Nonsense to that!\" Raoul countered. Everyone looked at him strangely. \"Hey it makes sense to me, and that's all that should matter,\" he defended reclining back slightly. \"Not unless you want others to understand,\" Lucille chuckled, \"but in all seriousness, just act yourself when she arrives,\" Lucille said this as she handed the photo of her niece back to Francœur who hesitantly took it. Then she got up. Raoul stood up with her, \"but you know, not a giant flea.\" \"Raoul!\" Lucille scolded, and smacked his arm. \"What!?\" Raoul said playfully as he exited the room with Lucille's arm in his. The couple bid Francœur adieu and were off. Emile and Maud right behind them, \"have a good night, Francœur,\" Emile tipped his bowlers hat and held his arm out to Maud, \"see you Francœur,\" Maud said her dues and took his arm and they two left. Charles when quickly after being almost late for helping the Professor with some experiments. There they go again, Francœur thought, off to places unknown without him. They'd been doing that a lot lately, leaving him alone. He felt left out. And then leaving him in such a state, it was almost rude! And what had they been talking about? This love? What was it? Did they think he had it? Perhaps that was why they'd left him. Well whatever this love thing was, if this creature from the picture was coming, he bet that he would find out soon enough.[Chapter 2] Chapter two love at first sight. Francœur was at the professor's lab. You see a few weeks after he was changed permanently to the seven foot tall flea, they ran into a few problems. Such as the fact that flea's drink their body weight in blood every day. The professor was able to come up with a solution. But unfortunately it was a difficult one, in the social area that is. Francœur would drink a blood substitute, every three hours. It was hard to keep that schedule, with preforming, friends, and media. But if he didn't he'd go a bit crazy. Anyway, the professor was mixing the drink, and Francœur was staring at the picture again. Charles swung down and looked over Francœur's shoulder. He let out a monkey laugh and grabbed the picture from him. During these few months since the professor got back, the two had become brother like with each other. Playing harmless games and annoying the professor on rare occasion. Francœur scowled at his monkey brother and rose up making himself as big as possible and charged after him. The two ran around the lab. The professor rolled his eyes, use to this kind of behavior sighed, \"Alright boys that's enough.\" The two stopped. \"Francœur, drink,\" the professor handed the giant flea the formula and turned to his once responsible monkey assistant. Francœur pouted and took a small sip of the drink. The professor held out his hand to the monkey, \"let me see that.\" Charles reluctantly handed the picture over. The professor studied it for a short time and then looked up, worry on his face, \"where did you get this, Francœur?\" Francœur blushed and chirped, he'd been learning to speak French, but he was having difficulty. Though he found singing it quite a bit easier (but of course he couldn't sing all the time, much to his dismay.) The monkey screeched and handed the professor a note card. \"Lucille,\" he read, \"alright but who is it?\" Before Francœur could even try to answer Charles handed him another note card. \"Her niece, ay?\" said the professor reading the note card with a raised eye brow, the then looked sadly at his 'son', he at least looked at the giant flea as a son, \"my dear boy why do you have this?\" Francœur tried to answer but was again interrupted by Charles who handed him another note card. Francœur let out a huff and sipped his drink. The professor sighed and took the card, read it then raised an eyebrow at his monkey, \"what?\" was all he could think to say. Charles nodded his furry head vigorously. The professor looked at Francœur again. To the flea the drink suddenly looked unappetizing. \"Francœur is this true? Do you even know this girl?\" the professor was just like any father wanting his child to be happy. He sat next to Francœur, \"are you in love?\" he showed the picture again to Francœur, who tried desperately not to look at it. But his will bent and he looked, as soon as her eyes hit his the bubbling feeling came again so suddenly he nearly dropped his drink. He literally trembled under the picture's sight and looked away quickly. The drink shook in his hand as he looked to his 'father' who made eye contact having a knowing look in them. Francœur looked down ashamed. The professor, bit his lip, \"Francœur I want you to be happy, but I don't want you to do something,\" he paused looking for the right words, \"irrational,\" he finished, \"I don't want to see you hurt.\" Francœur nodded still looking down. \"I want to meet her.\" Francœur's head snapped up and turned to look at the professor with a questioning look. \"I want to meet her,\" he repeated with a smile, \"when can I?\" Francœur smiled and opened his mouth but Charles jumped up and tried to hand the professor another note card. The professor scowls at Charles, \"I want to hear from him. He needs to practice.\" Charles's crosses his arms pouting and sitting down hard on the floor by their feet. The professor rolled his eyes and looked back to Francœur smiling. Francœur opened his mouth again and chirped, he shut his mouth and ground his teeth together in frustration. \"It's alright try again,\" the professor coaxed. He opened his mouth again and all that came out was a coo. Francœur nearly wanted to throw down his drink and jump out of the lab. Charles smiled smugly as he handed the professor the card. The professor sighed and relented. He read the card, and looked back surprised, \"she's not even here!\" The monkey chuckled earning a scowl from Francœur. Francœur then turned back to the professor and nodded. \"Oh this is even worse than I thought!\" the professor got up and began to pace muttering things that Francœur didn't understand. Charles rolled his eyes and decided to retire for the night, but not before urging Francœur to do the same. A few minutes passed as Francœur watched the professor pace before he decided to take Charles's advice and retire for the night. Leaving the professor drowning in his thoughts.[Chapter 3] This fanfiction is now on hold. I can't keep up with it all. I'm putting nearly all of them on hold leaving only three open. I'm sorry for the hold up but my life is getting busier and there aren't enough hours in the day. HIATUS HIATUS HIATUS. Until I finish the other three. ","Summary":" Francœurxoc Francœur the flea is starting to feel left out with his new found friends. Raoul and Lu"},{"Movie":"Adventures of Sharkboy and Lavagir...","Title":"Tethered","Author":"TheConjuringMind","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12352920","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I Don't Own The Adventures Of Sharkboy & Lavagirl. Soft lips burned a warm kiss into his cheek, and just like lava, his heart melted. So distant, yet so close. Torn apart by coming from two very different worlds, yet tethered together by sharing the same innocent love for each other. Lavagirl was much more to him than just the planet's lightsource, she was a beautiful girl with a candescence as bright as the earth's sun, and a life-long friend he wouldn't dare part with. Having searched aimlessly for many nights as to discover her reason for being, he was glad that she had finally found her true purpose in life by supplying the planet with light, and separating the days that were to pass. As weeks turned into months, and months turned into years, their affection for each other only grew, and their friendship had since blossomed into something more. Relaxing himself with a sigh, he then uttered three words under his breath; 'I love you.' Lavagirl's face lit up with a smile, and she quickly mouthed back the same words. Not a day would be as extraordinary, he realized, as now. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I Don't Own The Adventures Of Sharkboy & Lavagirl. Soft lips burned a warm kiss into hi"},{"Movie":"Adventures of Sharkboy and Lavagir...","Title":"A Shark's Lullaby","Author":"KellytheWarriorMaiden","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12845023","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A Shark's Lullaby Max has a nightmare and Sharkboy is there to comfort him. Max tossed and turned in his bed kicking the blankets off in the process. He was dreaming about Mr. Electric again and this time, he successfully killed his friends sharkboy and lavagirl. Tears ran down his cheeks as he saw his friends die before his eyes. There was nothing he could do. His whole dream world started falling apart leaving everything in total darkness. He watched the bodies of his friends vanish. He curled up into a little ball and sobbed. He was alone and scared. \"Max! Wake up!\" Max felt himself being shaken almost roughly and heard his name being called again. \"Max!\" Snapping out of his dream, he let out a scream and looked around widely. He jumped when he felt himself being lifted in the air and placed on something solid and slightly wet. \"Shhh..it's okay. It was just a nightmare.\" Max looked up and saw Sharkboy's face. He was cradling him in his lap and holding him tight. Max wiped away his tears. \"Sharkboy?\" He pressed Max's head against his chest. \"Shh. I'm here. It's okay. What did you dream about?\" Max took a shaky breath and told sharkboy his dream. \"I-I dreamt that Mr. Electric killed you and lavagirl and there was nothing I could do about it. You guys died before my eyes and my whole dream world started falling apart. I felt so helpless.\" Max started crying again. Sharkboy rocked back and forth holding Max tighter to him. \"There there. It's not real, okay. Me and lavagirl are just fine and so is your dream world. We're not going anywhere. Mr. Electric is gone and he is not coming back.\" Max nodded his head and tried to relax. He was a bit shocked that sharkboy was being so kind and gentle to him. He was usually the total opposite. \"Are you feeing better now?\" \"Yeah. Thanks sharkboy.\" \"No problem. Do you think you can go back to sleep?\" \"I can try, but will you sing to me that lullaby you sang to me when we were on the land of milk and cookies?\" Sharkboy shrugged. \"Sure, if you want.\" Max smiled and snuggled closer to sharkboy. Sharkboy started singing the lullaby in a soft voice. Max closed his eyes and listened to the soothing voice. Sharkboy leaned back against the pillows so Max laid on his chest. Max fell back asleep with a small smile on his face. Sharkboy ended the lullaby and looked down to see Max sleeping. He gently laid Max back on the mattress and pulled the covers over him. He ran his claws through his hair before standing up to leave. \"Sweet dreams, buddy.\" Sharkboy left leaving Max alone. Max snuggled closer against his pillow and had dreams of pleasant things. ","Summary":" A Shark's Lullaby Max has a nightmare and Sharkboy is there to comfort him. Max tossed and turned i"},{"Movie":"Adventures of Sharkboy and Lavagir...","Title":"Lavagirls dream","Author":"thestorymastermind101","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12019866","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Lavagirls dream Lavagirl could barely sleep, she would get haunting images of the day she saw Sharkboy at the bottom of the ocean dead. When she finally got herself to sleep, she slept for 2 minutes then started screaming because of all the haunting images she would get. Once Sharkboy heard her screaming he ran to her part of the cave and woke her up and tried to help lull her. He did help her settle down a bit, but couldn't stop her from crying. He then asked her ''what happened? are you alright!?'' She looked up and said, ''I had a nightmare, and a really bad one'' he asked her, ''well wanna tell me what happened'' she said, ''NO, I mean no'' he said '' you sure'' he said ''yes, I'm sure'' she said, ''well I'm going to stay awake all night to help you sleep, ok'' he said, she said ''ok, thank you by the way for staying here for me, I really appreciate it'' he said '' I'd help you anytime'' then she fell asleep. Once she fell asleep he thought to himself ''oh how beautiful she is, how much I want to marry her, but she doesn't feel the same.'' 5 minutes later he heard her say something in her dreams ''oh how I love Sharkboy, how he makes my day, how much I will forever love him, marry me will be the perfect words to hear soon.'' He looked so shocked to see that she had feelings for him, he had feelings for her as much as she does with him. Once she started to wake up he pretended to be asleep so she doesn't know that he heard her say that, '' oh,sleepy head, but just look at how handsome he is'' she thought to herself ''Sharkboy, wake up!'' Then he pretended to wake up '' huh, oh hey lavagirl, did you sleep well,'' ''yes and I thought you said you were going to stay up all night,'' ''well sorry I got tired'' he said, she gave him a smile and said '' it's ok, at least I had a good dream,'' he replied with ''I'm glad you did,'' then she said ''at 5:00 meet me under that tree right there,'' she pointed at an oak tree then left, He said to himself ''um okay.'' Now it's 5:00 and Sharkboys is walking to the meet up place and saw her sitting there just looking for him, once he reached there he said '' okay,I'm here,'' ''yes you finally made it, now what I need you to do is sit next to me and close your eyes, it's for a test'' he said oddly confused ''um...okay'' and closed his eyes and said '' now what,'' she said while biting her bottom lip ''now don't move,'' he said '' why,'' she said ''its all apart of the test,'' he said ''okay,'' she took a few seconds to take a breath, before Sharkboy could ask what she is doing he felt her warm lips pressed against his. He put his arms on her waist and she put her arms on his neck. Then he slowly pulled away and said '' did I pass the test?'' She gave him a smile and said '' you certainly passed,'' then she smiled and kissed him on the cheek and he did it back. Then he pulled something out of his pocket it was a small black-colored box, he opened it, and it was a ring. '' lavagirl, will you marry me,'' she jumped up and down in excitement and shouted '' YES'' and jumped on him for a hug, he then put the ring on her ring finger then kissed her again on the cheek and said ''I love you, lavagirl,'' she gave him a kiss on the lips, then said ''I love you too, Sharkie.'' (btw, Sharkboy is like 18-20 years old, and lavagirl is like 17- 19 ok) After they became fiancés Sharkboy would barely even go searching for his father, he would go like 3 times a week. Before he would go like 2 times a day, now he goes 3 times a week. Eventually they had to get married, so they got married 1 year after Sharkboy proposed to lavagirl, Sharkboy is 21 years old and lavagirl is 19 years old. The End ","Summary":" Lavagirls dream Lavagirl could barely sleep, she would get haunting images of the day she saw Shark"},{"Movie":"Adventures of Sharkboy and Lavagir...","Title":"One Shot Collection: Sharkboy & Lavagirl","Author":"ayesir-theflyingcat","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11906679","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AN: Both Sharkboy and Lavagirl live on Earth, Lavagirl as queen of Earth's volcanoes, and Sharkboy so that he can search for his father. Lavagirl I was sitting on the beach of the island Sharkboy and I lived on, watching Sharkboy float on his back in the ocean. When he caught me looking at him, he gave me a crooked smile, before flipping over and swimming back to the shore. He came and sat beside me, plopping down onto the sand. I watched him for a moment, before turning my attention back to the waves. \"Somethin' wrong, LG?\" I heard him ask, and I shook my head. He sighed, and then said, \"You know, I can tell you're lying.\" I blew out a frustrated breath and muttered, \"It's nothing.\" \"It doesn't look like nothing.\" Sharkboy said skeptically. When I didn't respond, I felt his fingertips on my hand. I sighed, pulling my hand away from his. \"I didn't get much sleep last night, I'm just tired.\" I said, my voice growing more agitated. \"Lavagirl….\" He started, but I rose from my spot, cutting him off. \"I'll be in the cave.\" I said before I walked away. Sharkboy Ok, I'm officially concerned. Lavagirl's been acting awful weird lately, and it's starting to worry me. I watched her walk into the cave, her footsteps quick. I sighed, running a hand through my hair in frustration. I watched the waves roll up and down the beach, then thought to myself, \"Maybe Max can help me.\" I stood back up, going to the cave to tell Lavagirl where I was going. When I got inside though, she was fast asleep. I scribbled down a quick note, and then jogged back out to where I usually docked my sub. I hopped in, setting the destination in before leaning back in my chair. \"I hope Max can help…..\" I thought with a sigh. THEY'RE GOING THRU PUBERTY I'M SO SORRY XDXDXD ","Summary":" AN: Both Sharkboy and Lavagirl live on Earth, Lavagirl as queen of Earth's volcanoes, and Sharkboy "},{"Movie":"Adventures of Sharkboy and Lavagir...","Title":"Ever wonder","Author":"Shelby-The-Red-Mew","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12608084","Passage":"[Chapter 1] have you ever wodered? ","Summary":" have you ever wodered?"},{"Movie":"Adventures of Sharkboy and Lavagir...","Title":"The adventure of a lifetime","Author":"thestorymastermind101","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11993195","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I added some extra powers to Marisa, Linus, and Max I don't own any of these characters Hope you enjoy The adventure of a life time Sharkboy and lavagirl were bored one day, and Sharkboy decided to call Max and ask him if they can do anything for him. Max had something for them actually, so he called up his friends Linus and Marisa. Linus stayed over at Max house, and Marisa stayed at her house. They all went to sleep at the same exact time. They all dreamt of being in Planet Drool. They all saw Lavagirl and Sharkboy laying down on the sand in front of the cave they live in. '' Hey, guys were over here'' Max shouted out. They immediately jumped up and ran to them. Sharkboy asked Max,'' what did you need us to get, or do,'' '' ok, so we need to go to that Forest right there, there is a secret diamond there that will let you guys, Come to Earth instead of us always coming to you guys. '' alright, and what else does it do,'' asked Sharkboy in a disappointed voice. Lavagirl looked at him and hit his shoulder and whispered, ''don't be rude,'' '' fine,'' he whispered back. ''Well let's go guy's,'' they all went on Sharkboys motorcycle. After 5 minutes, they had gotten to there destination. ''Alright let's go guys,'' said Linus. They all jumped out of the motorcycle, and Max had brought with him a map. ''Ok, so we have to take a left from here, then we take a right,'' '' alright,'' '' wait, before we go are we sure there aren't any traps, or you know, monsters,'' really, monsters. Out of ALL the things that are very dangerous in the forest, you had to go with a fictional character.'' She punched his shoulder twice and kicked his foot. ''Oh, Shut up,'' ''stop punching me, it doesn't even hurt, it's very annoying, OW stop kicking me, ugh fine,'' said Sharkboy, ''thank you,'' said lavagirl. '' Ok let's go and find the diamond guys,'' said Linus. After hours of searching, they weren't even half way to the diamond. '' This is like a freaking maze,'' said Linus, Linus then to fly a little high in the air to see if it actually was a maze, ''whew,'' said Linus to himself, ''it isn't a maze,'' Linus said to everyone, ''alright, that's good to know.'' After another 2 hours of searching they were only 20 feet away from the diamond. They knew that from Sharkboys highly trained eyes, he could see it. ''Ok we're almost there guys,'' said Sharkboy, ''how do you know,'' asked Marrisa, ''because I have the best eyesight here,'' oh, I forgot.'' Max had realized that he had 12 hours left before his alarm clock went off, '' guys we don't have that much time left so we got to hurry up, my alarm clock is going to go off very soon,'' said max, ''wait, I see it,'' said Sharkboy as he started to run towards it, '' no wait it's a trap,'' said Max, but it was to late, he got caught in the trap,then Mr. Electric came out of nowhere and took Sharkboy, then disappeared. How did he come back, ''I thought we got rid of him on Earth,'' said Lavagirl, ''well apparently he came back to life,'' said Linus, '' we gotta get him back guys,'' said Marisa, '' how are we going to get him back?'' ''I could teleport us there,'' ''but it could only carry one person,'' \" I can teleport us there too, so you take lavagirl and I will take Marisa, alright'' ''alright,'' said Linus. Once they teleported to where Mr. Electric teleported to with Sharkboy, they were asking Marisa to track his footprints. She said that she could but it would take some time. They waited for 15 minutes, Marisa finally saw Mr. Electric's foot prints. '' I see them, follow me,'' they had walked into Mr. Electric's room and saw Sharkboy In a cage made of reinforced titanium alloy, not even shark frenzy can break the metal. They had sneak walked in there, Linus had a plan to freeze Mr. Electric, just like Marisa did to him on Earth. '' Okay, 3..2..1 GO,'' shouted Linus, then Marisa shot out pounds of ice and snow on Mr. Electric, freezing him. ''You okay man,'' said Max. Then Sharkboy gave him an evil stare, he wasn't himself, his eyes were fiery red, his teeth were sharper than ever, his fin got bigger, and he looked a lot meaner. ''Sharkboy are..you alright,'' said Lavagirl, then he jumped up and tried to break the titanium bars, but couldn't. He then looked at her, then said in a devilish voice. ''Get out NOW'' then growled at her. ''What's going on,'' then Linus came and used his powers to scan what's wrong with him, '' Oh my...he has Devils powers, it's a potion which makes you 17 times stronger and faster than you normally are,'' said Linus, Lavagirl asked him, '' is there a cure too this,'' ''yes, the cure is if we can hurt him enough the potion effect will go away,'' Lavagirl asked in a worried voice, '' is there any other cure,'' said Lavagirl. '' no,'' said Linus, Sharkboy said, \" now I'm going to escape, bring everything you got, NO mercy, you filthy aliens'' Linus was thinking in his head, ''wait aliens, what,'' then Sharkboy growled louder, then snapped. He went into a shark frenzy, he was pounding on the titanium bars with his fists, he tried biting it, pulling it, kicking it, but still nothing. Then he did a move with his legs and kicked the bar so hard he broke it. He came charging towards Mr. Electric and split him in half, then turned to Linus, he came charging at him full speed and punched him in the face. Linus couldn't see him because he was running so unbelievably fast, at the speed of sound. Then Marisa had the idea to blast him with ice and snow, she hit him and that had amazingly slowed him down, but he was still really fast. Linus then got up and shot him with a sleeping potion that puts him to sleep for about 12 to 24 hours. They all picked him up and put him in Lavagirls computer room (her lab that has a bed for testing on animals, which she never really uses) they set him on the bed and put him on a straitjacket and tied his legs with metal locks. Linus was using Lavagirls computer to try and find another way of getting the potion effect off of him. Suddenly, a message appeared on the screen saying, '' the second way of getting the potion effect off of his/her body is to give the person psychotherapy,'' they all looked at the computer for 2 minutes, then Linus scrolled down a bit more to explain why psychotherapy will help him. It said on the bottom, that psychotherapy will help the person calm down and relief all the anger that he/she has. Max decided to step in and do the therapy, after 8 hours of waiting for him to wake up, he woke up. ''Okay, Sharkboy I want you to tell me what you see when you look at me right now,'' Sharkboy said to Max, '' let me go you alien filth, why did you capture me.'' Max looked at him in a shocked way, then asked him, ''wait, what do I look like to you right now.'' ''you look like an alien-figure with the face of Mr. Electric,'' wait then how did you get those red eyes and amazing speed and strength from,'' well when I get too angry it happens, and it happens when I get too angry because, well a couple years ago when I was still learning how to be like a shark, I was infected with Devils powers while trying to fight off a giant squid, and well when I get to that point of anger, I lose a lot control and my eyes turn red, I run a lot faster, my fin and teeth get larger and sharper, and my strength is off the charts.'' Well, what if I said that my name is Max and your In a session,'' ''well you kind of sound like max himself,'' I think the reason you see like this is because when you were so mad that you couldn't control yourself, I shot you with a potion that will knock you out for 12 to 24 hours and I think the side effect is hallucinations, wait let me go check again,'' said Linus from the other room. Once he came back he had confirmed that the side effect was hallucination, ''I'll be back,'' ''wait are you Max,'' ''yes,'' then walked to Lavagirls computer, he searched, '' cure for hallucinations,'' there on the computer showed a picture of medication, max looked at it carefully. Then realized he was familiar with the medication, but he couldn't wake up get the medication and sleep again. There was no way he could transfer it. Max then decided that since he still had about 4 hours left he said that he was going to go and find the diamond that lets Sharkboy and Lavagirl come to earth whenever they wanted to. Marisa said she will go with him, he agreed and they went to search for the diamond hidden in the forest. While they went searching they already knew half of the way to the diamond, so they were going at a fast pace. While in the lab Linus decided to put some extra security on the locks on Sharkboys legs, so he doesn't go crazy. They started asking him questions, '' do you remember anything, when you went crazy,'' asked Linus. ''Yes,I remember hitting you in the face at the speed of sound, and...um I don't remember anything else,'' '' because I put you too sleep with a sleep potion, and the side effect is hallucination,'' it has been about 2 hours and Max finally sees the diamond, before he went running towards it, he threw a pebble near it to see if there was a trap or not. Nothing popped out to abduct them. He slowly walked towards the diamond to double-check, and once he was 2 inches away from it nothing happened, so he decided to grab it, and something with a powerful force hit his hand. He then realized that the diamond was also made of electricity. Marisa tried to grab it but the same thing happened to her, so max decided to get the electricity out of it with his powers, once he took the electricity out of the diamond he grabbed the diamond and ran out of the forest. He then set the portal on the ground and told Marisa to get Sharkboy. She had called Linus and told him everything, Linus told Sharkboy and teleported him there. '' okay Sharkboy come with me,'' he followed max into the sharkboy stepped out from the portal, max had to sneak walk into the kitchen and give the medication to Sharkboy. Sharkboy was used to the alien faces so he didn't question Max, Sharkboy took it and drank it. He started to see a humanly looking figure, then his vision was fine, he could see humans and not aliens. Sharkboy was so relived, they sneak-walked into the portal because they didn't want to make noise, sharkboy went inside the portal and went back to planet drool, Max had to drink milk to help him sleep, it did, he fell asleep in a couple of minutes. Once they all got back to planet drool, then Sharkboy looked at all of them and said, '' I can't believe we did all this in one night,'' ''yeah me too,'' said Lavagirl. They did one more test on Sharkboy to see if he was 100% fine, and he was. So max realized his alarm clock is going to ring any minute and said goodbye to Sharkboy and Lavagirl, and so did Linus and Marisa. Then they went through the the portal. The End ","Summary":" I added some extra powers to Marisa, Linus, and Max I don't own any of these characters Hope you en"},{"Movie":"Adventures of Sharkboy and Lavagir...","Title":"Blame","Author":"s3xyBATbaby","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10968958","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It was probably around midnight, but he could never sleep. Images flooded his mind every time he closed his eyes. Haunting images that would never leave his mind for the rest of his life. Sharkboy had been in this state for much too long now, only hiding it when others were around. Even Lavagirl. Especially Lavagirl. He kept on trying to close his eyes and relax, but his mind wouldn't shut down. It was taunting him, keeping him from living a normal life. It was driving him crazy. He felt a hot tear escape from his tightly shut eyes and slipping down the side of his cheek, but he didn't make a sound, just laying there on the sand of the beach. The stars were glittering brightly in the dark heavens above, the beautiful crescent moon smiling down upon the planet of dreams. But not even that could distract him. He felt a slight source of heat, the smell of somehow-sweet magma reaching him. He shot up into a sitting position, concerned that she might see the dried tracks of occasional tears on his cheeks. \"Hey.\" Oh, how he had feared many times that he might not hear that sweet, light voice again, a laugh almost always hidden in it. \"Hey,\" he said, his own voice gruff and slightly hoarse. He cleared his throat and cursed himself for appearing so weak in front of her. She sat down next to him, her natural heat enveloping him in a comforting embrace. Shure, he'd admit it: she made him feel better without saying a word. She comforted him without even touching him. She could warm his heart and brighten his day with something as simple as a smile. She was his whole world. And he couldn't shake the horrible guilt about the fact that he had almost lost that. \"What're you doing out here? Souldn't you be home?\" He was quiet for a moment. \"Couldn't sleep,\" he mumbled. She didn't immediately reply. After a few minutes of silence, he turned his head, catching the knowing look she was giving him. \"What?\" She frowned. \"Sharky.\" He stayed silent. \"You know I can see right through you, you can't lie to me.\" It was true. She knew him better than anyone else, perhaps even Max. He has never succeeded in lying to her in the past. \"Then what do you see?\" he wispered, lying back on the sand. She followed him, lying down next to him. \"Something's bothering you. Has been for a while now.\" Of course she would know. In the corner of his eye, he could see concern flickering across her face as she saw the traces of tears on his cheeks. \"What's wrong?\" she asked softly, and he could feel her hand gently nudging against his. He complied, cautiously slipping his hand into hers and thankfully finding that she has cooled down. Thier fingers intertwined and he relaxed. He turned his head to face away from her, afraid that she might see the obvious hurt in his expression. There was just no way he could tell her, she would just be reminded of how stupid and selfish he really is. He hadn't been thinking of anyone but himself that day, but he regretted it now. Because of his ignorance, because of his temper. His selfishness. Had he listened to her, none of that wouldhave happened, and she wouldn't have... He growled, grabbing a fistfull of sand with his unoccupied hand. \"Sharks, hey. It's alright, just calm down.\" He hadn't realized his grip might be too strong until he heard the slight strain in her voice. He quickly dropped her hand and sat back up. He clenched his teeth, the sharp edges nearly touching the roof of his mouth. He felt like kicking himself! When would he stop thinking about himself?! He felt his teeth sharpen as anger boiled up inside him. \"Woah, Sharky! Calm down, you might break something.\" He calmed himself a little, but not without punching the sand next to him as hard as he could. Lavagirl was quiet for a few minutes, although he wasn't shure wether it was out of fear or to let him cool off. When he sighed, she put a hand on his shoulder. \"Sharkboy. You don't have to tell me if you don't want to, but if there's any way I can help-\" He immediately felt himself snap. Her? Helping him?! When it was actually all his fault?! That just wasn't fair to her! \"I can't stop!\" he barked, making her shrink back. He sighed in defeat, turning his face downwards. \"I...I can't stop,\" he repeated softly. \"I just can't stop hurting you.\" \"What?\" she said, sounding quite surprised. He couldn't believe she could be so oblivious. \"I killed you!\" He was absolutely furious now. \"I lost my temper, got myself into shit and you just wanted to help. I killed you, Lavagirl! If I hadn't acted like such an ass, you wouldn't have had to save my butt!\" At the moment he was at the brink of suicide. \"I friggin killed you! Aren't you...I don't know, mad at me, at least?\" He huffed, glaring at his boots. Maybe she would kill him, or even blast him with lava, at least. She was probably planning some sort of revenge or something. ... Silence. ... \"Sharky.\" He could hear her sitting right next to him, almost against him. But he didn't respond. He didn't notice her hand sneaking toward him unil she had already turned his head towards her, and then she kissed him. He was almost positive that his heart was about to explode from exellerating a thousand times so suddenly. It was a soft, sweet kiss. He couldn't help but relax, letting the entire world fall away as he slowly put his arm around her waist and his other hand rested on her cheek. He felt her arms snaking around his neck. She was cooled enough not to burn him, but warm enough for him to take comfort in holding her. When she pulled away, she pulled him closer and buried her face in his shoulder. \"It wasn't your fault,\" she whispered. \"You saved me then, anyway, right? That's all that matters.\" Sharkboy held her even closer. \"I would always protect you,\" he replied softly. \"Even if it means giving you my life, I will always be there for you. No matter what.\" AN: Yes, this story is, in fact, also on my Wattpad account. But, I felt like putting it on fanfiction, for some reason...I don't know... ...I'm bored... Anyway, hoped you enjoyed that story, and if you have ANY questions at all, wether you don't know what a word means, or I might've misspelled something, just lemme know. Also, ideas for other stories are more than welcome. Thanks, bye! !Watcha! ","Summary":" It was probably around midnight, but he could never sleep. Images flooded his mind every time he cl"},{"Movie":"Adventures of Sharkboy and Lavagir...","Title":"The top 4 things Sharkboy likes about Lavagirl","Author":"ThornyRose463","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11129294","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 1- Hot \"You're hot.\" \"I'm made of lava. Of course I'm hot.\" \"That's not what I meant. I meant you're attractive.\" 2-Good \"You're a good person, LG.\" \"You're a good person too, Sharkie.\" 3-Fire \"You've got some real fire in you.\" \"Thanks.\" 4-Fun \"You're fun to be around.\" \"So are you.\" ","Summary":" 1- Hot \"You're hot.\" \"I'm made of lava. Of course I'm hot.\" \"That's not what I meant. I meant "},{"Movie":"Adventures of Sharkboy and Lavagir...","Title":"He Loves Me, She Loves Me Not","Author":"s3xyBATbaby","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10656919","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AN: This one is for Dracona of the Teen Legends. Thanks so much for the continued support, you're my first reviewer ever! Enjoy! \"Is the launchpad ready?\" \"Check.\" \"Security's good?\" \"Check.\" \"You're a buttface?\" \"Check.\" Lavagirl turned around, a smug smile on her lips. Of course, Sharkboy was in his seat, playing with the PSP he got from Max. She walked over to him, placing a hand on the device and lowering it to get his attention. \"Toys put away?\" He smiled and rolled his eyes, putting it back in his pocket. \"Check,\" he stated pointedly, making her smile in satisfaction and turn back to the controls. \"Well, everything seems to be in order, so we're ready to go.\" Lavagirl was just about to turn to her seat when she remembered. \"Oh! We forgot the mechanical gloves Max wanted us to bring to earth.\" Since Max's powers only worked on Planet Drool, sometimes they had to help out when he needed something he had dreamt up. Lavagirl quickly turned to the door, but stopped in her tracks when she reached it, turning around to where Sharkboy was sitting. \"Uhm, where is it again?\" Sharkboy stood up and walked up to her. \"Oh, I put it back on the display after I tested it.\" Her perky smile returned and she went out and to the lab. As promised, the red-and-black super strength gloves were on the pedestal where she had last seen them. She quickly grabbed them and sped back to the rocket like a hyper puppy. As she walked up the metal slope to the entrance, she noticed Sharkboy standing in the door. She brushed off the fluttering inside her stomach when she noticed him staring at her. She slowed her pace when she reached him, brushing past him while trying to ignore the feeling it gave her when his hand lightly touched her waist to escort her into the room, her hand automatically landing on his chest. For a brief moment, their eyes met. At first it seemed like it would go on forever, but Sharkboy turned away, walking further into the rocket's main room. Lavagirl felt like she should probably forget what had happened, but as she sat down and secured herself, she knew she couldn't. Sharkboy stared at the planets flying by the window. Of course, not all the planets were ever there for them to see, but some were always there. Pluto passed, then came Saturn and Jupiter. Mars was a little further away, but still in sight. His vision was blurred as his mind was distracted from getting his eyes to focus. It had happened again! He was waiting for her to come back, and the next thing he knew, she was there and he couldn't get his eyes off her! But he just couldn't help it. He closed his eyes tight at the memory of when she had run up to him, her hair blowing in the wind, her eyes sparkling in the early morning sun... Wait, did he just think that?! Woah, this girl really has his mind going nuts. He shook his head and tried thinking of anything other than her. Worst fifteen seconds of his life. Finally, the rocket touched down on the surface of the earth. Sharkboy was quick to jump up and exit the ship, the door not even fully opened yet. The fresh air calmed him down and the starry night sky cleared his mind. It was early in the evening, wich meant Max and his family were still awake. Lavagirl calmly walked out after him, walking past him as he was still gasping for clean air. He felt a little stupid for reacting this way, so he pulled himself together and followed her to the house. They had always been welcome in the Daniels' home, so Lavagirl simply opened the backdoor and walked in, greeting Max's parents who were sitting on the couch, watching a movie. Sharkboy cringed when he noticed them cuddling, a longing feeling tugging at his heart when he looked forward at Lavagirl. They automatically went upstairs, to Max's room. His door was open, and he was sitting at his desk with a bunch of textbooks in front of him. Sharkboy silently felt thankful for the millionth time that he and Lava never had to worry about school. \"Hey guys,\" he chirpily greeted, happy to leave his homework for another time. At fifteen, Max was growing out of his scrawny kid-body and was becoming an attractive teenager. He was wearing black shorts and (Sharkboy had to keep himself from rolling his eyes) a white shirt with a cartoon rocket on it. His flowing blonde hair was now cut shorter, too. Sharkboy sat down on the bed as Lavagirl stood next to Max, talking about his homework. Sharky smiled at the way she was able to help him with his Math as if it was kindergarten stuff. She was just so smart, even without completing school, and that was only one of the million things he loved about her. He blocked the conversation out, lying back across the singlebed, making shure his fin was just off of the bed and draping an arm over his eyes, trying to get his mind to relax. He couldn't help them anyways, Math was the one thing he totally sucked at. So instead, he just let his mind wander, letting his own imagination take him wherever it wanted to. Of course, he couldn't get the events of a mere half-hour ago to leave his mind. She had placed her hand on his chest, and he couldn't help but put his hand on her waist when she had moved past him. But he had torn himself from her. She hadn't burnt him, in fact she had been quite cooled around others recently. He was just afraid. If something happened, everything would fall apart, and it would just be a life full of confused emotions and maybe even broken hearts. The last thing Planet Drool needed now was for it's only heroes to be caught up in a dramatic Romeo and Juliet love-fest. That and...if he was dating her and something would happen... He tried shaking the thought from his mind. A semi-light weight on his stomach pulled him from his train of thought. Lifting his arm and easily moving his upper body so that he was parallel with the floor, he saw that Lavagirl was sitting on him, arms crossed and an amused-annoyed expression on her face. \"Oy, do I have to wake you up the same way I did with Max?\" He faintly noticed Max in the corner of his eye, lightly touching his rear-end at the memory. But his mind was a little too fogged to fully concertrate on that, what with the most beautiful girl in the universe sitting straight on him, and all. \"Do you want hot chocolate, or not?\" she asked, him replying with a quick smile and wiggling his brows. She rolled her eyes at this, as she understood the message of 'You know how I like it.' He didn't like his hot chocolate completely hot, of course, just warm. And Lavagirl definately knew that by now. Once she was out of the room, Max shut the door behind her and pulled his chair up to the bed, sitting next to Sharkboy and leaning forward like a child engrossed in a fairytale. \"So?\" Sharkboy only looked at him, a little freaked out by the way his creator's eyes were sparkling mischievously. He had no idea what Max was getting at, but the single word had already put him on high alert. \"Uuh...so what?\" Max threw his hands in the air in frustrasion, as if it was as obvious as blue skies. \"Uh duh! What's happened between you and Lavagirl since I last saw you?\" Sharkboy rolled his eyes at this. \"Seriously, sometimes you're like a freaking girl about this. You've been obsessed with us hooking up for years now,\" Sharkboy said, frowning at Max. He only brushed it off, having heard that a lot. \"Yeah, whatever. So?\" he repeated. Sharkboy sighed, trying to keep himself from just walking away. Sometimes that boy could just suck out his last drop of patience. \"Nothing has happened,\" he stated as clearly as possible, but Max only gave him a dissaproving look. Sharkboy stood up and walked over to the door, planning on joining Lavagirl in the much more interesting task of boiling water. \"No, Sharkboy wait!\" He stopped when Max put a hand on his shoulder, having to take a deep breath to refrain from tearing the kid apart. He turned around, willing to hear him out. \"Look,\" he started, his teen girl attitude suddenly replaced with concern. \"I know you guys totally like eachother. No, scratch that, you love her.\" Sharkboy couldn't ignore the knots in his stomach at the sound of that word. \"And I know she feels the same.\" \"Yeah, I know that,\" he said, trying to hold back on the biting tone. He turned away again, walking a few steps forward before stopping again. Images flooded his mind from five years ago. The sight of her pale, lifeless face. The darkness where lava was supposed to be flowing. The feeling of her limp body in his arms. He couldn't protect her... \"I can't go out with her, Max,\" he said softly. His eyes staring off in the distance, an emotionless expression on his face. \"Why not?\" Max asked behind him. Sharkboy wasn't prepared for that question, the key question, and he spinned around in a blind fury. \"Because...I...\" he couldn't find the right words to describe his feelings as he clawed at his own hair, so he just spewed out the first thing he could think of to get the meddling boy off his back. \"I just don't want to, okay!\" His blood froze as his bionic ears picked up a soft gasp from the other side of the door, and footsteps hurrying down the hall. He groaned, raking his hand through his hair. She had heard him! He punched the nearest solid wall in a crazed tantrum before nearly ripping the door open and running after her. He was outside in under a second, desperate to find her. \"Lavagirl! Lavagirl, where are you?!\" He paused for a moment to think. He went through his mental files of everything he knew about her, a lightbulb quickly appearing above his head. Of course, she would be somewhere that was familiar to her. He ran around the house, breathing a sigh of relief when he saw that the rocket was still there. For a brief moment, he had thought she might leave without him. He ran to the rocket, entering through the open door and climbing up the ladder, to the bedroom. Lavagirl was sitting on her bed, her arms tightly wrapped around her knees as she sat curled up, staring at the wall next to her. Tears were burning in her eyes, but she didn't let them flow. Rhythmatic clanking revealed that someone had found her, and she prayed for it not to be Sharkboy. If she had to see his face one more time, she'd fry the living crap out of him! Damn selfish jerkhole. She wished she knew better insults, but unfortunately Max had dreamt her up too sweet to know anything other than mild swearwords. The person climbed up the ladder and stood up on the metal floor, and came to stand on the other end of the bunkbeds. The shadow revealed spiked hair, a dorsal fin and that the person was lazily leaning against the wall as if by habit. Sharkboy. She ignored him, only ducking her nose behind her arm as her cheek rested on her knee. He had clearly shown signs of liking her before, but now suddenly he wasn't interested. The only logical explaination she could think of, was that he had been playing her, and that only made the urge to toast his ass stronger. She heard him taking a deep breath. So what now, was she frustrating him? Her hair blazed up, noticibly scaring him a bit, almost making her smile in satisfaction. \"L-Lavagirl?\" he softly asked, concern and cautiousness mixed in his voice. She still ignored him, knowing that seeing him now would be too much, and even though he had been a total buttbrain, she didn't want him getting hurt. He sighed, and his shadow revealing him raking a clawed hand through his hair. \"Look, Lava... I didn't mean it that way, I...\" Trying to make excuses? Tsk tsk. So typical. She turned to him, a bloodcurdling glare with her hands forming fists and the tears in her eyes making him retreat back a step. Although, she couldn't decide if the emotion on his face was fear or regret. He looked down and bit his lip, slowly stepping forward again and looking at her. He looked like a kid who had been sent to the principal's office for doing something bad, albeit cute, like accitentially hitting someone's potted plant while shooting slingshot: scared and guilty but wearing an obvious mask of bravery. Before she could allow her heart to melt at the sight, she turned away again, trying to remind herself that she was supposed to be mad at him. \"Okay,\" he wispered, almost to himself. \"If you don't want to look at me, that's fine. Just please, hear me out, okay?\" She didn't move or answer, just sat there, staring focusless at the wall. \"Yeah, it's true, I don't want to go out with you. But not because I don't like you, I really do! It's just...\" And here comes the dumb excuse: \"I just love you too much to only give you what I have. You're the most amazing, sweet, beautiful girl in the whole universe. What are you going to do with a guy like me,\" he said, his voice cracking up. \"You deserve only the best. A guy who could give you the world, a guy who can protect you from anything and everything. You deserve a handsome, patient, loving and selfless prince on a white horse. A knight in shining armour, even.\" She felt her tears flowing, but her reasons have changed. \"And what am I?\" he chuckled, dejected. \"A retard in tinfoil.\" It was quiet for a minute before he spoke again, his voice soft like he was going to cry. \"And the real reason...what if something happened to you? And I wouldn't be able to protect you? What kind of a boyfriend would I be if I let you get hurt? Like when...\" She knew exactly what he was talking about. When they were kids, Mr. Electric had killed Sharkboy, and she had jumped into the water after him. This had caused her to die, too, but Max's dreaming, together with Sharkboy, had saved her. She knew that he blamed himself for her death. \"So, yeah,\" his voice was thick, and she knew he was holding back tears. \"That's why I don't want to go out with you.\" He was just walking back towards the exit when she decided that she had probably punished him enough. She jumped up and was in his arms within two strides. She threw her arms around him, and he held her, too. Looking up, she saw fear, nervousness, unstability and even a bit of care in his eyes. And also, a flicker of hope. She smiled up at him, nearly laughing when he returned it shyly. Now when did he decide that he was suddenly not good enough for her? He was cute, goofy, handsome, strong and maybe even a little smart. And she knew he would always protect her. \"Hey,\" she said softly. \"If I'm supposed to deserve such a great guy, then why can't I have you?\" His smile widened, and she felt her heart flutter when he came closer. She did the same, and in no time thier lips met. Having waited for this for a VERY long time, Lavagirl couldn't help but melt into the kiss. Of course, she had to be careful not to actually melt. The heat that was building up inside her from the feeling of his lips against hers was a little hard to keep low, and she felt him slightly cringe for a moment, but she managed. She moved her hands up his chest and her arms snaked around his neck as he held her closer. It was the most wonderful, most energetic ten seconds of her life. When they both pulled away at the same time, she opened her eyes to his. When she had finally caught her breath, she asked: \"What now?\" Sharkboy pondered for a moment, then beamed at her. \"Let's go tell Max.\" AN: Bat: That's probably the sweetest thing I've ever written! Lavagirl/Ebony: Aaaaw! Enya/Max: Eew. Sharkboy: *sly smile* Bat: Thanks for reading, guys! Took me three days of sitting in the coldest room in the house, in July, the coldest month of the year, but I did it! Cuid: Woof! Lavagirl: You said it, boy. Hot chocolate, anyone? Everyone: *shivering* Yes! EDIT: Here's a pic of what Sharkboy looked like, telling Max of how he feels about Lavagirl...poor guy... /p/xyhCAyTYLJ/?modal=true ","Summary":" AN: This one is for Dracona of the Teen Legends. Thanks so much for the continued support, you're m"},{"Movie":"Adventures of Sharkboy and Lavagir...","Title":"Sharkboys Dream","Author":"thestorymastermind101","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12001804","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Sharkboys dream This is the time Sharkboy had a really sad dream. When he went to sleep he saw lavagirl on the ground with water on her clothes and hair, immediately, he knew that this was the time when he got killed by electrical eels and lavagirl jumped in the water and saved him. He immediately grabbed her and ran as fast as he can to a volcano and threw her in and said '' please, don't let it be too late,'' then she came back alive. He got so happy that he actually woke up, he woke up breathing heavily and searched for her. He saw her still asleep, he went sneakily running and hugged her, he was lucky she was asleep, so she didn't burn him, then he said to her once he pulled away ''I love you, and I always will,'' then kissed her on the cheek, and sneak walked to his side of the room secretly. But what he didn't know was that Lavagirl was awake when he did all that, and she tried her best to stay cool,but she didn't open her eyes, she said to herself ''I love you too, Sharkie.'' The next day, Sharkboy didn't talk about what happened last night, he just asked her, ''did you hear me talking last night'' of course she had to lie and said, '' no, why,'' \" because I um...had a bad dream last night,'' she said, ''what did you dream of,'' ''um I...can't tell you that,'' she raised an eyebrow and said, ''why,'' she said to him, ''because...it's...a secret that I can't tell,'' then ran to his sub and went into the ocean. She sighed and went to her side of the cave and waited for him. Once he came back to the surface, he tried to avoid lavagirl but couldn't because she asked him ''now can you tell me,'' before he even noticed her. ''No'' he said and was trying to walk past her, but she stopped him and said ''seriously, stop hiding it, tell me,'' he said ''no,'' then power walked to his side of the cave, and she asked him again, ''tell me,'' ''no,'' he said to her. Then she had an idea of telling him about last night when he kissed her on the cheek and hugged her, she thought about it then said, ''aw,screw it,''then told him. ''Sharkie, I know what you did last night,when you hugged me and kissed me on the cheek, you can't hide it so now tell me what you dream't,'' he looked at her in a very embarrassed way and said ''everything?'' ''Yes, everything,'' he sighed and said ''ok my dream was...when the time you died saving me, and I had to save you by throwing you in the volcano...and when you came up from the volcano I shot awake, and that's also the reason why I hugged and kissed you,'' then he looked away. She had kissed him on the cheek after that and then said ''I love you Sharkie.'' Then he turned around looked at her for 2 second then kissed her, he put his arms around her waist, and she wrapped her arms around his neck. When he pulled away he had hugged her, he felt her hugging back, then said \" I love you too lavagirl.'' The End ","Summary":" Sharkboys dream This is the time Sharkboy had a really sad dream. When he went to sleep he saw lava"},{"Movie":"Adventures of Sharkboy and Lavagir...","Title":"I Dream of Jeannie","Author":"KimChiIsGayAF","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12288093","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I dream of a girl. She is beautiful. Her name is Jeannie. And it's short for Jeannete. Oh, it would be wonderful to meet her someday. That was how it all started. A dream of a girl. Man, Jeannie wouldn't treat me like this. I still dream for her, but... It began to escalate into perception and deception of reality. Jeannie is perfect! She was with me all lunch today! We talked and laughed, but some kid tried to sit on her, so I got mad. Reality was a dream. Dreams were reality. Jeannie, how I wish you were real. Then we could be together. As you wish. The next week, a girl named Jeannie came to school with _. People were amazed, cause she was just like _ thought. It was like she was made just for him... Jeannie is not her name. Neither is Genie. Nor Wish, Magic, Blondie, Rubix Cube, Barbie, Smile. In fact, she has no name. None at all. And guess what? She knows it. No genie has a name, unless you are of a higher sort of rank. You gain a name at 50 years. She's about the age of Sharkboy and Lavagirl. So yeah, she's pretty young. And guess what? Genies are usually just dreams and hopes. But no, she's no dream. She is real, and always was. No, genies don't make dreams come true, they grant wishes. Not all genies are bound by the 3 wishes rule. SO yeah, she's a little more than a dream or hope. She is a wish. She is a genie. ","Summary":" I dream of a girl. She is beautiful. Her name is Jeannie. And it's short for Jeannete. Oh, it would"},{"Movie":"Adventures of Sharkboy and Lavagir...","Title":"Valentine's Day","Author":"thestorymastermind101","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11997648","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I made this one up ok. Valentine's Day This was one of the most romantic days on the planet earth, and on planet drool where Sharkboy and lavagirl lived in was also on the same day, but one day Lavagirl looked on her earth/planet drool calendar that Valentine's Day was that day and she went for Sharkboys room but he wasn't there. She looked all over planet Drool and went to earth to ask Max there creator. While on the way there she was thinking of where he could be, but had no clue. Once she reached Earth she immediately went to Maxes house and asked him, but he had no clue. But little did they know Sharkboy was in the shuttle asleep and wakened when he heard the door open, he woke up and he searched the inside of the shuttle and outside of the shuttle, once he noticed he saw that he was on earth and looked on the earth calendar and saw that it was Valentine's Day, when he saw that he ran outside and ran inside a flower store to buy her flowers as fast as he could. Once he bought the flowers he saw lavagirl crying in the shuttle and hoping she would find Sharkboy. When he saw this he felt so bad that he walked in with the flowers behind him and asked her '' what happened '' when she heard his voice she ran up to him and gave him a hug, then asked him in a sad voice '' where were you Sharkie you had really scared me,'' then he looked up at her in shock that she had feelings for him and lied to her '' I woke up hearing a voice in the shuttle and went in secretly and saw you and wanted to see where you were going,'' she gave him a dirty look and said '' Sharkie I can see right through you you can't lie to me tell the truth,'' he sighed then took a breath and said '' ok, the real reason is that I... I fell asleep in the shuttle on accident'' she smiled at him and said '' thank you for telling me the truth Sharkie,'' then he remembered that he bought her flowers and realized that some of them were destroyed and there was 2 flowers left '' oh, and I forgot to tell you that I got you...an present um...for Valentine's Day'' he said in a stuttering voice, and he was so embarrassed that he stuttered that he ran out the shuttle and into Maxes room locked the door and explaining what just happened. At the time Max was in the 8th grade so he kind of understood, what he said was, ''so you ran off because you embarrassed your self in front of the person you like a lot and your asking me if its true'' then he said in a bluffing voice '' I do not like her you little twerp'' then Max gave him a look of like '' you kidding me '' and Sharkboy said in an angry tone '' I do not... you know what, I'm outa here ya loser'' Max said '' okay go and talk to your one true love,'' then he turned back around to do his work on his desk. Once he took off and into the rocket he saw lavagirl,completely ignoring her he ran to his seat and buckled upend said ''lets go'' and tried to avoid eye contact with her, because he was so embarrassed of what happened 10 minutes ago, the ride home was awkward for him because he didn't talk or look at her. Right when they got home she asked Sharkboy '' is everything alright,'' he mumbled '' yes '' and tried power walking out of the shuttle but she stood in front of the door inches away from him and blocked it and said '' your not leaving until you tell me what's wrong, and what happened earlier when you ran off '' he said '' let me through now,'' she replied with '' No,'' then he got so mad that he was about to push her but instead he ran and sat down on his chair and covered his face with his arms and knees because he knew he couldn't leave, then after 2 minutes he said in a very shy/embarrassed tone '' I ran off because...'' then he shouted '' I LIKE YOU, OK'' then he covered his face with his arms and his heart was beating a lot faster than it normally was. After a brief period she answered back '' I like you too Sharkie, I always did,'' then she kissed him on the cheek, he then stood up nervously and looked at her and kissed her on the cheek too he was very nervous when he did that,then there lips met each other, Sharkboy put his arm around her waist and rested the other one on her cheek, he couldn't help but relax, while lavagirl snaked one of her hands on his neck and the other on his chest, he was lucky she wasn't that hot enough to burn him. Then she pulled away she said '' I love you Sharkie,'' and he replied with '' I love you too LG,'' that was the best 15 seconds of their lives, he then gave her a big smile and hugged her. Then she said to him '' why were you so nervous'' he said in a big smile '' I really don't know.'' The next days, after Sharkboy and lava girl kissed they started to hang out with each other a lot less you may be wondering '' why'', well because Sharkboy spent more time searching for his father in the oceans than he did, because he was still too embarrassed, before, he would only spent about 3 to 5 hours searching, now he spent 9 to 12 hours searching and that really made a crack in their love, and lavagirl had started regretting they kissed. This time she got tired of waiting and had asked Sharkboy to search for his father for a little less time, he did get a little offended because he wanted to finally see his father, but he understood and started searching for 6 hours instead of 9 hours, which made her a little bit better. Then something bad happened, Sharkboy went to the ocean to search for his father and he got attacked by a vicious sea snake and immediately swam to the shore to tell lavagirl, and by his luck he almost lost her he found her running away, and because he was trained by sharks he could swim and run 2 times faster than an athletic human being so he could catch up to her. Once he had finally reached up to her he told her he got bit by the most vicious sea snake - Articulous- and that in a day he could die, once she heard this she immediately ran to her smartcomputer and searched up the cure and what the disease was, the disease was SNAKEFISH BITE DISEASE and it said at the bottom of it that if any sea creature gets bitten they will become a lot more vicious and eventually either die or become lucky enough to survive but with no mercy what's so ever, but luckily there was a cure to it,but it was at the bottom of the ocean. Then that's when Sharkboy had ran as fast as he can to the ocean and started swimming but he had 9 hours left to get it or the disease would get to his brain, the bottom of the ocean was hours away from the shore it took 4 hours for him to get back up and 4 and a half hours to get back up. Once he swam to the shore he started to feel it and ran to lavagirl to show her. But by his surprise he found her in her volcano to be safe and he injected himself with it without thinking he was inches from the volcanoes mouth and he passed out and fell right into it and she jumped up and caught him by the fin and brought him up, and she forgot that she was still very hot so she had burned half of his fin. Once he woke up 30 minutes later he had actually forgotten who she was and didn't notice his burned fin, he started to back away from her. She didn't like it so she had ran to her computer and checked the side effect of the medicine and it said MEMORY LOSS AND SEIZURE. Once she saw this she had tried to make him remember by telling him her name and her powers, but she didn't mention Valentine's Day. That made him sort of remember her but not completely. Then he thought that she was cute and that if he said his feelings to her she would feel the same, so when he saw her he approached her and said in a shy voice '' I...like you'' then she replied with '' I love you too sharky.'' After Sharkboy and lavagirl confessed their feelings, instead of Sharkboy searching extra hours he actually searched for 3-5 hours the old one that he used to do, and that made lavagirl a lot happier to see Sharkboy coming up slot earlier. Then she had an idea that since they both like each other the next time he came up she would come up to him and kiss him, '' yeah'' she said to herself, ''he should kiss me back,''an hour passed by and she saw his fin and waited patiently for him, she also didn't get mixed with any other sharks fin because she had seen his fin so many times, then once he got out of the sea and he looked very happy, but why is that? He came running to her and said that he found his dad and he brought him up to the surface. Then she said to him ''Sharkboy can you please follow me,'' he replied to her ''okay,'' then followed her to his side of the room. Then that's when she said ''can you please ''close your eyes,'' he replied in a confused voice ''why'' she said '' just close them,'' and without hesitation he closed his eyes. She then proceeds to lean forward and kissed him on the lips, she felt him kissing back and putting his arm on her cheek and waist, she then proceeds to wrap both her arms around his neck, until she pulled away she said ''I love you'' Sharkboy said to her '' I wouldn't give you up even if it means taking my life, I will always love you.'' It was the best 15 seconds of their lives, she then said ''well,let's go see your dad then,'' he gave her a smile kissed her on the cheek and said ''let's go,'' they went up to his father and Sharkboy said to his dad,'' Dad this is Lavagirl and the girl who stole my heart and has it forever'' she smiled at Sharkboy then to his dad and introduced herself to his dad and his dad introduced himself to her. The End ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I made this one up ok. Valentine's Day This was one of the most romantic days on the pl"},{"Movie":"Adventures of Sharkboy and Lavagir...","Title":"A New Life","Author":"s3xyBATbaby","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10706087","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Prolouge Lavagirl paced up and down on the beach. Sharkboy would be there any second, and she was simply a nervous wreck! She bit her lip, something she tended to to whenever she felt nervous or guilty. She had no idea what exactly she was going to do or say, but it had to be said. She fidgeted with her fingers, unable to keep still. She had been feeling rather cold, too, believe it or not, and the lava in her clothes had been permanently dark purple. She streched uncomfortably, standing still for a second to take a deep breath and try to calm herself down. It would be easy, just blurt it out. Or randomly say it in the middle of a sentance. It couldn't be that hard to tell a tempramental, overprotective, strict great-white-shark-hybrid that their lives had just taken a toll for the worst. Oh whoopy. Her mind went blank as a silver fin appeared through the surface of the water, and she felt the nerves acting up like crazy. She felt like she was going to be sick. Sharkboy stood up from the waves and walked up to her. She felt unable not to relax a bit at the sight of his kind, dark eyes. He would never hurt her, and maybe he won't be mad at her. She knew he loved her, that was the only thing she was certain of at the moment. She automatically threw her arms around him, feeling him immediately return the embrace. \"Hey,\" he wispered to her. \"What's wrong?\" It was cool that he knew exactly when something's wrong with her, wether it's obvious or not, and how to make her feel better. But, for some reason, his words only caused tears to run down her cheeks. Damn crazy hormones! She tightened her grip around his waist and buried her face into his chest. His arms held her close to him as he wispered soothing words to her. It took her a while to calm down, and all the while Sharkboy only held her and patiently waited for her. After her tears had stopped, she pulled away enough to look at him. He smiled at her, reassuring and kind. He just had a way with her, he was the only one who knew her as well as he did. But could she tell him? Could she truly risk everything they had with a few simple words? \"Lava, c'mon, what's the matter? I promise you can tell me.\" Her hands formed fists against his chest and she bit her lip again, not shure wether she should tell him. How would he react? Would he be mad? He pulled her back into his arms and she felt him kissing her on the cheek. \"Look,\" he sighed. \"I don't know what's wrong, and I don't want to force you to tell me, if you don't want to. But...just know that I'm gonna be there for you, okay? No matter what.\" She felt the tears burning again, and she squished her face against his chest. She mumbled something, but between all the tears and sobs and her face being against his chest, he probably couldn't hear a word she was saying. He put a finger under her chin and gently lifted her face to look at him. Her dark doe eyes were begging like that of a kicked puppy, her lips pouting, tears streaming down her face. He smiled softly at her, making her feel a little bit better. \"I...\" She sniffed, trying to pull herself together. She took a deep breath, and repeated: \"I'm pregnant.\" AN: Bat: BOOOOM! Well, everyone probably knew what was wrong with her, anyway. Lavagirl: *about to strangle Bat* Bat: Hehehe...*lowers down in chair* Aaaaanyway...just wanna let you guys know, my wifi is gonna be down for a few months, so new chapters to this story are gonna take a while. So, so sorry about that, I hate having to put a story on hold, but I will try my best to add chapters wherever I can find internet on a computer. Sharkboy: Thanks a lot for reading, guys, every review means so much to Bat! Bat: Btw...over 400 views on Crazy Love! Thanks to everyone who read and reviewed to it! Love you guys! !Watcha! ","Summary":" Prolouge Lavagirl paced up and down on the beach. Sharkboy would be there any second, and she was s"},{"Movie":"Adventures of Sharkboy and Lavagir...","Title":"To Love Somebody","Author":"s3xyBATbaby","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10654777","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Lavagirl was sitting under an old peach tree, watching Sharkboy walking up the beach toward her, unable to help the smile that appeared every time she saw him. He had grown tremendously in the past few years, and had become even more attractive than ever! Of course, she couldn't tell him that. As far as he's concerned, they're just friends. \"Hey,\" he smiled, sitting down next to her. The smell of fresh sea-salt and hair-gel reached her, and she couldn't help but notice the way his sleeves fit so comfortably over the curves of his biceps. Wooh! Never thought she, of all people, could notice a room becoming this hot. She literally felt the glow of a blush on her cheeks. Sharkboy was looking the other way, and she noticed him biting his lip. Usually it was near impossible just to get him to stop talking, especially about how 'awesome' he is at being King of the Ocean. Maybe something was wrong? \"Uhm, Lavagirl, how long have we been friends?\" he began. \"About nine years now. Why, you tired of me already?\" she joked, lightly shoving him against his shoulder. He smiled, but still didn't look at her. \"Almost,\" he joked back, but then he became serious. \"It's just...well, can I tell you something?\" She frowned, alerted by his unusual shyness. \"Sharky, you can tell me anything. You should know that by now.\" He hesitated, looking like he was going to say something like finding a giraffe in the middle of the ocean; concerned that he might sound like a complete idiot. \"Well, uhm...I, you know...I, may, in a certain way...definitely...maybe...kinda...completely\" He hid his next words. \"Likeagirl.\" \"Huh.\" She didn't catch a single word of that. Were those real words? Sharkboy sighed in defeat. \"I...I like a girl, okay?!\" Silence. Lavagirl suddenly burst out in a fit of laughter, nearly losing her balance. Sharkboy frowned, not very impressed by her reaction. Finally, she managed to calm herself down. \"Shark...that's your big secret?\" He only pouted. \"C'mon, that happens all the time. Really, I don't know what you were so nervous about.\" Then, it sunk in: he liked another girl. Although she didn't show it in any way, she felt her heart breaking at the thought of another girl being with him. She pretended to be interested. \"So, who is she? The Ice Princess?\" He replied almost immediately. \"Ew, no! I swear I would wake her up in the middle of the night and tickle her feet just to see if she can friggin smile! No wonder she lives in a cold, hard place.\" She smiled at this. \"So, who is it then?\" There were a lot of teenage girls on Planet Drool now, due to Max's new-found obsession (let's rather not get into that). Sharkboy looked down again, a blush appearing on his cheeks. \"Well, she's...sweet and kind. Always willing to help people out. I've been crazy about her since the day we met. She's simply amazing, blows my mind every time I have the honor of just being with her. She lights up my whole world, and just makes life worth living.\" As she listened to this, she turned her face away from his so that he wouldn't see the single tear that had escaped. \"She's always there when I need her, and all I've ever wanted to do is to make her happy. I would give anything for her, and she just has a way of controlling me like a puppet, only she would never truly need strings, I would really do anything for her.\" She would've run away by now, but she felt privileged to stay and listen to what was in his heart, even if it means breaking her own. \"She...she is known as light.\" She frowned at this. What did he mean by that? \"Only, her light doesn't really come from the lava she controls.\" Wait. \"It comes from her. From her smile, from her beautiful laugh, from the way her dark eyes light up. From her heart. The galaxy doesn't have enough stars or suns to even try comparing to the light she ignites in me.\" He took a deep breath, as if preparing for something. \"I love her. I guess I always have.\" She felt his hand resting on hers, where it was positioned to support her. As his hand closed on hers, she couldn't help but return the gesture. She looked back at him, nearly forgetting how to breathe as pure kindness and love shined in his eyes. \"Now, the only question is...does she like me back?\" She could barely register the question, but managed a nod. \"Yeah. Yeah, I'm sure...I know she does.\" His smile brightened and he put an arm around her waist, pulling her closer and holding her against his chest. \"You have no idea how happy that makes me,\" he whispered. \"I was really scared you might not like me at all.\" He pulled back a bit, just enough to look at her. \"Really don't know what I would've done if...well, never mind.\" She smiled again, feeling like the weight of the world had been lifted from her. \"I, uhm...I love you, too, Sharky,\" she whispered, feeling as if she had waited an eternity to be able to say that. He smiled at her, holding her closer to him. It was a little hard to keep herself cold enough for him to hold her, but somehow she managed. He came closer to her, his face only an inch from hers, making her heart do a complete back-flip. Finally, after what felt like a century, his lips landed on hers in a soft, sweet kiss. Her arms automatically found their way around his neck as she held him closer to her. When he pulled away, she had to hold on to him to steady herself, her balance completely thrown. She looked back up at him, finally able to show the love and affection she has hidden from him for so long. ","Summary":" Lavagirl was sitting under an old peach tree, watching Sharkboy walking up the beach toward her, un"},{"Movie":"Adventures of Sharkboy and Lavagir...","Title":"Why?","Author":"HogwartsRocks","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9157849","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This was written on a whim. By the way, I discovered I won't have time to update Layten Kain until my last day of college. Slight OC or what I have wouldn't work. \"Shark, why do you like Lavagirl?\" asked Emma. Sharkboy rolled his eyes. \"Why do you like fish?\" he asked sarcastically. \"Well, yeah, but, as in, give me, say, 10 reasons,\" Emma said. Sharkboy growled lazily. \"Number 1: She's hot. Number 2: She's nice. Number 3: She's the only other person who's got powers like mine. Number 4: She's got some real fire in her. Number 5: She knows how to have some fun. Number 6: She can be really cute if she wants. Number 7: Who else am I going to find? Number 8: She's better than the ice princess. Number 9: Just cause I do. Number 10: Come on, fanfiction thinks we're awesome,\" Sharkboy said. \"You actually came up with a list?\" Came a voice from the volcano behind them. Sharkboy jumped. \"Don't do that!\" he shouted. \"I'm going to be right back,\" Emma said. \"Why should we be together?\" Lavagirl asked. Sorry that it's so freakin short! But it is Midnight. I promise a longer chapter later. ","Summary":" This was written on a whim. By the way, I discovered I won't have time to update Layten Kain until "},{"Movie":"Adventures of Sharkboy and Lavagir...","Title":"Max's list","Author":"ThornyRose463","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11453846","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 1 - Perfect \"You and Sharkboy are perfect for each other.\" \"I know we are.\" 2 - Kick ass \"It's awesome to watch you two kick ass together. In fact, it's better to watch you kick ass together rather than kick ass individually. You two do a better job protecting Planet Drool as a team than you do when you're not teaming up.\" \"Indeed we do.\" 3 - Balance \"Sharkboy's water and you're fire. You two are opposites, but at the same time, you balance each other out.\" \"You're right.\" 4 - The fans \"The fans want you two to stay together. You and Sharkboy wouldn't want to dissapoint them, would you?\" \"No we wouldn't.\" 5- Dream Journal \"I still have my Dream Journal. I don't write in it anymore, but I still have it. You and I both know that what I write in Dream Journal will come true, Lavagirl. If you and Sharkboy break up, I'll write in my Dream Journal and make you guys get back together.\" \"Sharkboy and I have no intention of breaking up, Max.\" THE END A/N: Please review! ","Summary":" 1 - Perfect \"You and Sharkboy are perfect for each other.\" \"I know we are.\" 2 - Kick ass \"It's"},{"Movie":"Adventures of Sharkboy and Lavagir...","Title":"Saving earth","Author":"Thatblueskid","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10278520","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hi everyone , Im that blues kid and I regret to inform you but I do not own the adventures of Shark boy and Lava girl . I wish I did though because there would be a sequel . So read , review , and enjoy . Chapter one The sign Max's point of view It has been nine months since planet drool was saved by Shark boy , Lava girl , and me . Every day I would visit them and sometimes I would bring Marrisa and Linus along since they did help destroy Mr. Electric . I was in class that day . \" All right , who knows the name of two lines that do not intersect ? \" Feel free to answer . Asked Mr. Electricidad It was all the same , only half the class actually raising their hands ( me included ) while the other half was either watching the clock for the next recess or playing flappy bird . He sighed in annoyance . That was when I decided to look out the window as he began to explain the two lines . That was when the ground began to rumble . The class went into a panic . \" Earthquake , everyone , under you desks ! \" yelled to the class . That was we all dived under ours desks . My heart was thumping and beads of sweat formed on my forehead . But then something weird happened . The earthquake stopped . What the ? There was gasps and sounds of confused people going around the room . Mr. Electricidad got up from under his desk . It was if the earthquake didn't even happen . There was no fallen objects or even displacement . \" What the , I could have sworn there was something heavy hitting my desk . \" I said to myself . I looked over at Linus and Marrisa . Both had the same confused look as me . \" Attention students , please evacuate to the soccer field in a single file line . \" Said the principal's voice on the intercom . And everyone walked out of the room cheering about how school ended early . That was when we all left the building and when my mind was left in a state of confusion . Why wasn't there anything destroyed , I could have sworn that I felt heavy things fall on my desk . Little did I know that I was going to find out why , right when I go to sleep . ","Summary":" Hi everyone , Im that blues kid and I regret to inform you but I do not own the adventures of Shark"},{"Movie":"Adventures of Sharkboy and Lavagir...","Title":"The Molly Movie! by Preston J Richardson!","Author":"pres27","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9930830","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Molly Movie ","Summary":" The Molly Movie"},{"Movie":"Adventures of Sharkboy and Lavagir...","Title":"dhe edventurs of soujiboy and loraxgurl","Author":"YOUAIFANGIRLSEVR369","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9791324","Passage":"[Chapter 1] sherkboi an larbvsa girl sve teh cirty vof towqnsqwvle by cute patoot emu + perfect beautiful carlos Oh NO THE TOWNS ON FIRIEP SHAYS SHREKBOI OH GOLLY GEEE OOOHOHOHOHOHOHOO SED LORAX GIRL LABVRA GURL U ASSHOLE U DID TSHI SED SHAREKF BOY IN A VETY SHARKB VOICE OH HOT DAMN WOW hehehe larvafrtrg says i m eivlll all along hahahhayahhahhaahh laughfugbnf INTENSIFIES WHAT THE FRICK LARVBEGIGRLLG I TOHUGH T WE WRIEI NI THSIC TOGTHER TIHS IS NOT BUENO NO THIS IS NOT says souijaboy bUT YOU WEE ALWAYS A DOUCHEVBAG TO BE NIOT ANYMOOOROEOEO E HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHiughidfsdl WELLL U ISD LAERWYAS USAELESS IN DA THINGS LIKE WTF DUD I DO THAT SHERKENANANDDSO AND YOU KJSJTU SIT THUEREW WHY DWOUNLDNT I BE A DOUCEHE 2 U WELLE OEHS FUCK U I LIKE SITING AND DOIGN NOFIN THAT S MY POWEROE TTHATS IT ARENY U FEELIN GOOD ABNOTU OEURUESERLF ART THOU FEELING IT NOW MR KRABS WTF WHOS MMR CRABS SHOUTS LARVAFGRYL HAVENT BU LEART YET LEUFFGWEGIRL HE IS THEV ;PRESENINT OF HTE UNISTED AUSTRIALIA HERE I N THE SICTY OF TOWNDSLADVILE NO U ASHSAOE: MY POWERS INKNOWING NOTHING I DONT STOP UR HURTING ME {IP WELL LUR EBIVK SO IT ODESNT MATTER ARENT U GOING TO DESTROY THE CITY OR SUMTINNF IDK MAN HOW COULD I U FAUCKKASS WITH UR POWER OF BEING USELESS so u want me to kill the town and mr krebsgdsf do what ur heart tells u idk man are you feeling it now lerv a girl dud eyoU ARE A TERERIBLE SUPEEJRHEREO JSU TKILL ME WTEYWHEFUTFG I WENT TO PWUBLIB SCHOO. L OK THEY THISDDNT TEAHC TIHS IN BOATINMG SCFOHOL I SDOTN HOW DO I DO THE DO I DONT SDJFG sharked sherkboy WGU^T U I DONT FUKIN KNOW MOM WOLUDNT LET ME GO 2 SKOOL whispered larvagrl LOL NO WONDER UR SO STUPID GAGAAGAGAGAAAHAHAHAHAHAAH BULLY ING BNULKIOU ONKJNHKSJU DU ASSHAT BULLY ALERTR RU()EU OH NO SOEMNOER CALL LRTHE POPO WAITN ARENT U THE VIOLIN OR SOEMTHINGF SHOULD U BE ARESTFEDD NOT UO ANYMOREE SHAERKBOI THIS WAS GTEH PLAN ALL ALONG U ARE THE VIOLA NOWKDPOJPD HAHHAHHAHAHAHhaHAHAHaAHAHAhah BULLY IS A FELONY ASSFUCKSHITPISS OHHOHOHOHOHNONOO NOOBNONONONONO O O IDOIDTN SIGN UOP FOR TIHSO HO ONNOONNONO THE TRANDSFORMAINON IS HAPEPNIGB OG OGFD IFFICI whispered sharboy in a very shark tone fuck yeah transform in prison bitch SHOUTED LAVAGRIL IN A LAVA VOICE the valcoanoies agreeed with larbavgirls statemaent it is HAPENENNANNAPAINENF NNONONON NNOONNONONO OO SOHUYTRYED THWE SHERKBOY but it was too late. he was evolving. skerboy has turned into a viola. he tried to speak but all that came out was toot toot. such a tragic end for sherkboy we will all remeber the plucky swimmer dearly too bad he drowned in villainess rip soujiaboy may he not rest in peace because he was a lil shit lol rip means rest in peace tho says larfvagil br8ing the furth wall oh oh OH OOHHOHOHOHOHOOHHOHOHOHOHO I FOROGT THIS UMMMMMM rest in potatoes yes says ionw of the authors becuase shes an idoit the end PUBLISHED BY TREEHOUSE BOOKS \"YES AMAZING WOW A PLUS\" - cecil baldwin, radio host of nightvale \"simply amazing…. with such a plot twist it will leave readers thinking\" - newyork times \"needs more buttsex\" - r andom commenter \"wtf why am i a viola thiIS IS FUCKINGN BULLTIST \" -sherkboy SHOUILJAB\" SHUT UPOI\"- larvagrl NYANA NYAN NYA NAAHYN KAWAII DESU NE \"so sugoi\" - that one guy from nyan neko u no tha one hope u like our story u turds lol liek n comment FOR MOAR X3x3x3x3x3x33x3x3x3x3x3x33x3x3x3 HAHAHAHAHA IOMG YES XDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXD ","Summary":" sherkboi an larbvsa girl sve teh cirty vof towqnsqwvle by cute patoot emu + perfect beautiful carlo"},{"Movie":"A Monster in Paris Un monstre à Pa...","Title":"A Good Little Angel with an Honest Heart","Author":"XxApplexFrostxX","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9112194","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Evangeline's Creation And Family Issues. In the bright, but very cold streets of Paris, a festival was being prepared. The ice covered street lamps were covered with decorations of white, pale blue, and designs of snowflakes. The rooftops were surrounded with lights of green, red, and white. The people of Paris were crowding one street to another, chatting, shopping, and greeting each other with the happiest of voices, 'Merry Christmas'. However, there was a very sad couple that was slightly bringing down the happy holiday spirit. A young woman, wearing her most festive dress, a beautiful green and red dress with a snug dress coat. The blazing bangs of her black street hat hung losely over her emerald eyes. The cold breeze dared to chill the woman's pale, but elfen face. The young man, that stood beside her, was very similar. His tall, and well-built stacture only towered over the women by one foot. He wore a well-groomed tuxedo with shined boots, a scarf of scarlet wrapped around his strong neck, and a soft, black trenchcoat. His milk chocolate hair brushed over his forehead to meet his ocean blue eyes. The man held the woman's soft, delicate hand with his large, but equally soft hand in comfort. \"Do not worry, Amelia. We'll find a way.\" He assured in a soft-spoken, but very gentle voice. The woman, Amelia, looked at her loving husband with teary eyes. \"I wish it was as simple as you make it to be, Marcus.\" She replied in a heavy French accent. Her voice sounded like an angel's chime in the man, Marcus' ears. Both Amelia and Marcus sighed in sadness and grief. Two of the most famous scientists in Paris, and they are unable to raise a family of their own. Yet, they tried everything they could think of, and no luck. However, luck just as funny and strange as faith. The couple split up, to do some Christmas shopping for each other. As Marcus was about to walk down an alley, to one of the finest jewelry stores, his leg had a tringe of pain, as if it was bumped into. Marcus looked down and focused his sight. It was a scruffy, grey dog with no collar. The dog's fur was covered in dirt, soot and was wet to the touch. Its eyes were a dark chocolate, that can tell you the story of its life. Its claws were black with dirt, but worn out from running. The dog's nose was black, and cold as ice. The dog looked at Marcus with its ears folded down and its tail between its legs. Marcus smiled at the dog and knelt to its level, \"Hey there, little guy. Are you lost?\" The dog sniffed Marcus' face, then shook its body roughly. The dirt flew all over Marcus' face, causing him to sneeze lightly. The dog ran off and disappeared into a corner. Marcus followed it, but lost it at the corner. He wiped the dirt from his face, then felt a tiny bump on the bridge of his nose. Marcus picked the bump off his nose, and got out his handy magnifying glass. What he saw amazed him, a tiny flea egg, abandoned by its parents and the dog. The egg gave Marcus an idea. He was working on a formula to fertilize plants, saving to eco-system. He smiled and put the egg into his left pocket. Marcus met up with Amelia, in the center of the city. Amelia noticed the happy smile on Marcus' face, and couldn't help but be curious. So, she tilted her head to her left slightly. \"Marcus, what have you done?\" She asked in slight suspision. \"Amelia, honey, I've found the perfect Christmas present for you. For both of us.\" Marcus smiled, as he dug into his pocket and showed Amelia the flea egg. Amelia got out her glasses and adjusted her sight. \"A flea egg?\" she asked in confusion. Marcus pointed to his head, indicating the phrase 'think about it'. Amelia closed her eyes and thought carefully. She knows of her husband's fertilizer formula. And she's been working on a formula to stablise the fertilizer, but ended up becoming a voice enhancer. Suddenly, an idea hits her. Amelia opened her eyes, gasped and smiled at Marcus, who was still smiling. \"Marcus, you're a genius!\" Amelia cheered as she threw her arms around her husbands neck, \"We're gonna have a child!\" Marcus and Amelia quickly ran home, to their lab and began creating the formula. Halfway, Amelia thought about something, and asked her busy husband, \"What if the formula is unstable, and it...?\" \"It'll be fine. I found out what the missing component is.\" Marcus assured, looking through the vial cupboard. To Amelia's surprise, the missing component was a vial of purple liquid. She smiled, realising it was her voice enhancer. Marcus put in two sprays of the enhancer into the fertilizer, the yellow substance glowed and turned a golden orange. Marcus picked the egg out of his pocket, placed it on to a lonely table, and gave the egg a good few sprays. In no time, in a cloud of gold and orange, the egg grew into the size of a 10 pound baby. Amelia jumped for joy and happiness. Realizing how late it has gotten, Marcus decided to retire. Amelia stayed behind, listening to the egg's movement. She was soo happy, that she started to sing her family's lullaby. \"I... I hide my light, Inside a cloak of white, Beneath a blue scarf and a chapeaux, The pearl of my heart, Locked within a shell, Too afraid to let it go, To let it show. And all the headlines read, For the whole world to see, An Angel in Parie. I fall apart, I fall apart. Apparently I did appear, Beneath the light, Yes it was me, An Angel in Parie. I hide my pain, Inside a melody, As if the notes I sing, Will set me free. I'd keep all my dreams, Under a lock and key, I'm so afraid, that they will fly away from me. An Angel in Parie. An Angel in Parie. An Angel in Parie.\" Amelia yawned with a stretch and decided to retire for the day as well. As she left the room, the egg began to move and a sweet, angelic voice sang, \"An Angel in Parie...\" The next morning, Amelia and Marcus woke up to a voice singing, coming from the lab. They got out of bed, got their dressing gowns own and hurried to the lab. To their surprise, the egg was open. It hatched. The voice sang again, and it sounded around them. Amelia closed her eyes and listen to the voice. It was singing her lulla-bye. She opened her eyes and was able to locate the voice, \"It's over here.\" Marcus and Amelia walked to the corner of their garden part of the lab, and saw a small figure hiding behind the large sunflower. To their surprise, they saw a flea, the size of a one year old child. It's blue body with black hairs on its arms, legs, back and two long hairs on top of its crown. Its face and plated chest are pale blue. Its eyes caught the couple's interest. Both eyes were yellow-green with blue rings for the white areas of the other animals. However, the left iris was pale blue, and the right iris was pale green. The flea froze in fear, realizing it was spotted, and looked at the couple. The couple looked at each other and smiled. Amelia, slowly, walked toward the frightened creature. The flea backed into a corner and rolled into a ball. Amelia smiled and extended her hand, \"It's okay. I'm your mummy.\" As Amelia said 'mummy', the flea got out of its ball position, and looked at her. It chirped in confusion at Amelia. \"That's right, dear. I'm your mother.\" Amelia said in a gentle voice. The flea reached its three-fingered hand to Amelia's hand. But, to Amelia and Marcus' surprise, it threw its four arms around Amelia's waist, purring in happiness. Amelia's eyes welled tears of joy, as she hugged the creature back. The flea froze, as it saw Marcus, and hid behind Amelia, gripping on her dressing gown. Marcus smiled gentley, \"It's alright. I'm your daddy.\" The flea chirped again in confusion, then noticed Marcus' blue eyes, fulled with fatherly kindness and honesty. It let go of Amelia's gown and walked cautiously toward Marcus. Marcus stretched his arms out wide. The flea smiled with tears in its eyes and threw its arms around Marcus' neck. Marcus let his tears fall down his cheeks, as he hugged his new child. Then, a thought came to Marcus, as he let the flea go, and looked at it, \"Now, what should we call you?\" The flea chirped in thought. It opened it's mouth and sang, in the angelic, sweet voice that chimed as everytime it hit a note, indicating it was a girl, \"An Angel in Parie...\" Amelia thought for a second, then noticed the sun was shining a light on the flea, as the clouds cleared. She smiled, \"How about, Evangeline?\" Marcus and the flea looked at Amelia in confusion and shock. \"It means, 'good little angel.'\" Amelia translated. Marcus smiled in approval. The flea hugged Marcus again, and purred, indicating that it liked its name. Two years later, after getting the spare room ready for Evangeline, Marcus and Amelia were slightly in a bit of a situation. They loved their child, even though it was a mutated flea. She showed signs that she is slightly human as well. And she was the perfect child, suiting her name. They clothed Evangeline with one of Marcus' grey sailor shirts and black sailor pants, when he was in the navy. Amelia gave Evangeline her favourite street hat, from when she was a small child. Even though, she had four arms, three-fingered hands (including thumbs), mandibles, hairs, and legs built for jumping high, Evangeline looked like a normal, blue child. However, they're worried what the public will think of her. A thought came to Amelia, as she was looking at the family album, \"We'll introduce her one at a time.\" So, she called her mother first, telling her to come and visit, to see her daughter. Amelia's mother agreed and told her that the family will arrive in about a week. After hanging up the phone, Amelia started thinking about a disguise, for Evangeline. During the week, Amelia started picking outfits for Evangeline, until she picked the right dress, a light blue dress with sleeves, and a slight wavy design. Evangeline was excited to meet the rest of her family. \"Be patient, Evangeline. I'm almost done. Why don't you play with my uncle's drum? They came all the way from America.\" Amelia suggested to Evangeline, she gave her a pair of bongos. Evangeline examined them and began lightly tapping them with her hands. Amelia tried a number of wigs, but Evangeline didn't quite look good with them. \"I've got it.\" Amelia smiled, as she got her mother's stage chapeaux, which was light blue with a black band, and a white v-domino mask. \"There we go. Beautiful.\" Amelia commented, as Evangeline smiled and touched her masked face in amazement. Amelia, then, noticed something was off, \"Oh. Your arms, sweet-heart.\" Evangeline noticed and got her lower arms into the sleeves, as Amelia got a pair of white gloves. Amelia placed the gloves on and smiled, \"Perfect.\" Evangeline looked at herself in the mirror, then looked at Amelia. She chirped in confusion, but her eyes asked a more serious question, 'Are you embarassed of me, Mummy?' Amelia smiled, \"Of course not, dear. I'm worried about you. My family doesn't know about what you are. I tried, but the excitement got to them. Don't worry. I'm sure they will love you, dear.\" These words brought Evangeline's smile back. The week past, in the middle of the day, and the family arrive. Marcus invited everyone inside and took a seat in the large living room. The family was a group of five. Two men, two women and a young boy. Both the women had ginger hair, and emerald eyes. But, one was small and had grey stands in her hair. And the other was a splitting image of Amelia, but her eyes were duller. The eldest man had grey on his side-burns and the bottom of his head of darker bown hair. His eyes were dark green. The younger man was a splitting image of the older man, but had a firmer face and light green eyes. The boy, however, had a chubby face with dark, nearly black, hair and dark brown eyes. \"It's great to see you all here today. Don't worry. Amelia and our little girl will be down very soon.\" Marcus told everyone. Trying to ease the tension of the introduction. Amelia was better at this than he was. The sound of four footsteps creeped behind Marcus. \"Hello everyone. I'm very glad you could all be here. We'd like to introduce you to our daughter.\" Amelia said, as she stood beside her husband. Marcus stood aside, \"This is our little angel, Evangeline.\" The family looked at the petit flea, in her full disguise. The boy, in the group of the family, narrowed his eyes at Evangeline, making her feel very nervous. The older woman walked to the nervous flea, and extended her hand, \"Hello, dear Evangeline. My name is Lucy. But, you can call me 'Grandma'.\" Evangeline looked into the woman's eyes and saw love at first sight. She smiled and hugged her grandma. Evangeline let go of Lucy, to let her join the rest of the family. Amelia's twin went next. \"Hello, Evangeline. I'm Vanessa. I'm your aunt.\" Evangeline smiled and threw her arms around Vanessa's waist. Vanessa smiled and rubbed Evangeline's back. Luckily, she didn't notice the flea's hairs. Next was the older man. Evangeline tilted her head a little, making the man give out a gentle chuckle, as he extended his arm to her, \"You're very cute. My name is Matthieu. You can call me 'Grandpa'.\" Evangeline nodded with a smile, and shook his hand. Marcus and Amelia smiled, seeing how well their taking Evangeline. The younger man was next. He bowed to Evangeline, \"I'm your uncle, Sean.\" Evangeline smiled and covered her mouth, indicating that she was giggling. Sean smiled, \"Yeah, I know. My name is funny sounding.\" Amelia supressed a giggle herself. The boy was next. The look he gave Evangeline, made her feel uneasy. \"I'm Victor. Your cousin.\" He introduced himself. Victor stretched his arms out wide, showing that he wanted a hug. Evangeline was unsure, but she wrapped her arms around him. Being quick, Victor untied the mask, and took the hat. He let go of Evangeline, the mask fell, showing her face. Everyone gasped in fear. Amelia and Marcus gasped in shock. Victor smiled, \"Ha! I knew it! She's a monster!\" Evangeline felt her face and noticed the mask and hat were missing. Tears welled up in her eyes and ran to Marcus. \"Everyone, we can explain. She may not be human, but she is our child.\" Amelia tried to explain. \"That's your child? She's a mutant. A monster!\" Vanessa shouted in fear. \"That 'thing' could harm you, or anyone in this city.\" \"We've had her for two years. She's an angel. Yes, she's a flea. But, Evangeline is a wonderful child and-\" Marcus shouted, but he noticed Evangeline in front of the family. She chirped and purred, then began to sing, \"You think I'm a murderous monster? Yet, you've seen so many creatures, I guess it must be so. But, still, I cannot see. If the true monster is me, How can there be so much, that you don't know? You don't know... You think you own whatever place you go to. The Earth is full of life you haven't seen. And I know every stone, plant and creature, Has a soul, has a story, has a meaning. You think the only people, who are people, Are the people who look, and think like you. But, if you walk in the shoes of another, You'll learn what is old, is new to you. Have you ever see the sky lights glow so bright? Or, ask the moon why it grins? Can you sing with the voices of the Tower? Can you hear the colors of the wind? Can you hear the colors of the wind?\" Evangeline looked at the family. Each of them, except Victor, was touch by her song. Lucy ran and threw her arms around Evangeline, with tears in her eyes. Evangeline smiled and hugged her grandmother back. Lucy let go of Evangeline, and looked at Amelia, \"You take good care of this good little angel.\" Amelia nodded. The rest of the day went very well. Until, it was time for the family to go. Victor was the last to leave the house. He stared at Evangeline, \"You may have my family fooled, but you're not fooling me. If you'd do anything to this family, I will squash you like the parasite that you are.\" Evangeline tilted her head in confusion, and chirped. Victor left the house, with the door slamming behind him. For some reason, Victor's words scared poor Evangeline, that she struggled to sleep that night. Ever since that day, the people in Paris lived in fear, as the newspapers say that there was a monster in Paris. This scared Evageline even more.[Chapter 2] The Fire and The Orphanage. Evangeline's POV. It's been four years, since my cousin gave me that threat. And every birthday, he send me birthday cards with threats in them. So, Daddy had to throw every card, that was sent by him, into the fire. And I was never allowed to leave the house without my disguise. However, that doesn't stop the townspeople from seeing my eyes and accusing me to be the 'Monster of Paris.' I've been struggling to sleep too. I keep dreaming that something bad will happen, and it will be my fault. My 6th birthday arrived. I had no sleep from the night before, so I hid under my blackets. The sun from the window hit my face brightly. I heard a knock at my door, and it opened. \"Sweety, are you awake?\" I heard Mummy's voice ask. I gave her a tiny chirp, to tell her I was. I felt Mummy enter the room and pull the blankets off me a bit. She looked shocked, when she saw my face, \"Oh, dear. Look at you, Evangeline. Are you not feeling well? You're awfully pale. And these bags. Didn't you get any sleep?\" I looked at her with tears welling up in my eyes. I wrapped my arms around Mummy's waist and whimpered as the tears fell down my face. I loved my family. I would do anything to keep them safe. Even give up my own life. \"There, there, dear. It's going to be okay.\" I heard Mummy say in a soothing voice, and stroking my head. It made me feel a bit better. Mummy lifted my head, and wiped the tears away, \"Cheer up, sweetheart. It's your birthday today. And we have a surprise for you downstairs.\" Mummy smiled and covered my eyes. I let Mummy guide me out of my room, down the stairs, and into the living room. She removed her hand, and I kept my eyes closed. \"You can open your eyes, now, Dear.\" I heard a very familiar voice tell me. I opened my eyes. \"SURPRISE!\" The entier family was in the living room. Each with a happy smile on his/her face. There was a large banner, above the fireplace. It read, 'Bon Anniversaire, Evangeline' in large multi-colored letters. \"Come on, Evie. It's time to open your presents.\" Auntie Vanessa encouraged. I smiled and entered the room. Everyone began giving me their present. Grandma and Grandpa gave me a small cello, since I was quite small myself. 6 years old, and I'm as tall as a 3 year old child. I played with the strings, it was in good tune. I hugged Grandma and Grandpa, and purred a 'thank you'. Uncle Sean was next. He gave me a small music box, to help me sleep at night. I opened it, and it had a mirror with a figure of an angel and a tall man, dancing together. The tune it played was our lullaby. I gave Uncle Sean a happy smile and hugged him too. Auntie Vanessa was next. She brought a small notebook, to go with my collection of notes, as I observed each of Mummy and Daddy's formula equations and results, for the past year. I purred and she gave me a tight hug. Lucky I'm a flea. Heh. Mummy and Daddy gave me a heart-shaped pendant, with 'For our little angel' engraved on the front. I opened it. It played our lullaby, and inside was a photo of them, smiling and their eyes full of hope. Tears of joy filled my eyes, as I hugged Mummy and Daddy, the best parents I ever had. They hugged me back and let me returned to my presents. Victor was last. He didn't have a smile on his face. He jabbed me with my present and sat next to Auntie Vanessa. I, carefully, opened the present. It was a mirror, to go with my room. I looked at Victor. He smiled, \"Since you don't know what a parasite looks like. Now, you will know.\" Uncle Sean stared at Victor in suspision. I couldn't blame him. He is his daddy. With the presents done, it was time for the cake. It was round, with angel wings and a halo icing design. The six candles were lit, and everyone sang 'happy birthday'. I stared at the candles, as the fire tortured my mind. \"Evangeline, is everything alright?\" Daddy asked, snapping me out of my trance. I nodded and concentrated on my wish. I wished that Victor would be nicer to me, and that my family would have a happy life. I blew the candles, and everyone, except Victor, cheered. Everyone had a slice of cake and enjoyed themselves. The party went on, until it was nightfall and I was getting quite sleepy. Everyone left, telling me that they can't wait until I turn lucky 7. That made me smile and laugh. After they left, Mummy and Daddy began to yawn and stretch in a sleepy manner. So, we all decided to clean up tomorrow, and retire early. Mummy tucked me in my bed and opened Uncle Sean's music box, playing our lulla-bye. \"Good night, sweetheart. Have pleasent dreams tonight.\" Mummy said to me, as she kissed my forehead and left my room. I fell asleep as the lullaby played again. Suddenly, my hairs stood up as the room began to feel warm, scratch that, hot. I woke up and saw smoke sneaking into my room. I quickly put my mask and gloves on, leaped out of bed and ran to the source of the smoke. The living room was in flames. I paniced, and ran to my parents' room. The door was closed. I banged on the door and tried to shout. The opened, Daddy rubbed his eyes, \"Evangeline, what's wrong? It's 1 in the morning.\" I grabbed Daddy's hand and lead him to the stairs. He saw the flames, \"Holy crepes with raspberry sauce!\" Daddy woke up Mummy and called 9-1-1, but they'll arrive in 15 minutes. That was only enough time to get one thing and get out of the house. Daddy got the notes from the lab. Mummy couldn't get anything, because she couldn't think straight. I got my birthday presents. And we ran to the entrance of the house. Unfortuatley, the fire spread to the kitchen and the stairs. I grabbed Mummy's and Daddy's hands, and leapt to the bottom of the stairs, but Daddy let go. And Mummy slipped on our landing, and broke her left leg. She bit her bottom lip in pain. I looked at her and purred if she was alright. \"I'm okay, sweety. Just a broken leg.\" She assured me with a smile. I sat Mummy down, and leapt to Daddy and grabbed his hand again, but he forced his hand away from me. I chirped in confusion. \"I'm sorry, dear. But I can't leave. I've tried, but I can't move.\" Daddy explained, looking down. I followed his gaze and his leg was stuck under the floorboards. I couldn't get him out, because I wasn't strong enough and I would get stuck too. Daddy threw his large, black trenchcoat over my shoulders, \"Go and take your mummy to safety. Don't worry about me. I'll always be with you.\" Tears welled up in my eyes, as I gave him a small hug, and did what I was told. When I reached Mummy, the flames have circled her. I tried to jump over the flames, but I got burnt across the chest, causing me to fly back into a wall. I tried again, but the flames lashed at me, creating an 'x' scar on my left cheek. I could hear Mummy say something, but the sound of the fire muffled her words. Then she threw something over the flames. It was her favourite street hat. I caught it and looked at the flames. \"Now go, sweetheart. Go!\" Mummy shouted. I couldn't leave my parents. But, they wanted me to. So, I ran out of the burning house, dodging every flame, that threatened to harm me. I reached the door, and looked back. I purred in sadness, as I opened the door and ran into the courtyard. Suddenly, the entier house exploded into flames. Destroying everything. The fire department arrived and tried to calm the flames down. A fire inspector walked toward me, as the flames began to disappear. \"Are you Evangeline?\" He asked me, trying to see my face, but I didn't let him. He had a chubby face, with a matching round nose, dark hair with matching dark eyes, and wore a detective's hat and a long, dark blue trenchcoat. I nodded to him, identifying myself. \"I'm very sorry, dear. But, there is no sign of your parents. This was all we could find of them.\" The inspector told me, giving me a burnt scarf. I took it and realised it was Daddy's favourite scarf. Tears threatened to fall, so I hugged the inspector and let the tears fall. My parents. The people that gave me life. The people I loved with all my heart and soul. Dead. Died in a fire that was my fault. I truly was a monster. My scars burned at the thought, making me put my gloved hands over my heart. The next day, I was in the Police Station. They let me stay there for the rest of the night. Mummy always told me to trust the Police. They showed no fear of me, but understanding. My parents were very famous scientists. A rookie walked past me. He slightly gasped at the sight of me and rushed to his documents. The Police Officer, that found me, walked up to me with a file of documents. \"I'm afraid, with your parents no longer here, and the rest of your family out of the country, the only option we have for you is the little orphanage, just in the corner of Paris. Get your things, you'll be there this evening.\" The Officer told me. I hung my head, as the fire played again and again in my mind. I got my things together, and met the Officer in the car. I sat in the back and watch the seats of Paris, as we drove past them. We arrived at the orphanage, just after 3 o'clock, and the Officer registrated me to the files. The building looked like a large church, on the outside. But it was very cheerful and colorful inside. It was more of a school, than an orphanage. Some kids ran past me, playing tag. One of the kids saw me. She saw my eyes, fear got the best of her and ran off. I hung my head in sadness. I knew I was going to be hated here. The head of the orphanage took a look at me and smiled, \"Hello, Evangeline. I'm Miss. Paradis.\" Her voice was soft and gentle. Her eyes were blue, but not as blue as my daddy's. Her pale blonde hair was tied in a loose bun. She was tall, but very slim. She reached out her hand. I hesitated a little, but I gave her my hands, and she lead me to the main hall, where everyone assembled to meet me. I heard a few gasps and I saw the girl that ran from me. \"That's it! The monster I saw!\" She screamed, pointing at me. She was taller than me, so she must've been my age. She had long dark hair, that fell loosely from her shoulders. Her eyes were light blue with fright. She wore a school dress with school shoes. I hung my head, but I felt a hand touch my shoulder. I looked and Miss. Paradis had her hand on my shoulder in comfort. \"Now, Madeline. You can never judge a book by its cover. I've been told by the Head of the Police Department, that Evangeline's parents were lost in a tragic fire. And she's going to stay here until she can be adopted. So, you have to be nice to her and make feel like one of the family.\" Miss. Paradis told everyone. Everyone left and went on with their day. Miss. Paradis gave me a tour of the orphanage. It was rather big and I had to share a room with a boy named Emile. I hope I become good friends with him. The rest of the day didn't go so well. I went to apologise to Madeline, for the misunderstanding. But, she just gave me the cold shoulder. I chirped to get her attention. \"Why should I speak to you? You may have Miss. Paradis fooled, but you don't fool me. You're just a parasite.\" Madeline snapped at me. Those were the same words Victor said to me, before he left. I backed away, tears filling my eyes, and shaking my head in fear. Madeline's image was replaced by Victor, and I ran to mine and Emile's room. I hid under the covers and started crying. I opened my uncle's music box, and began singing, \"I... I hide my light, Inside a cloak of night. Beneath a red scarf, And a chapeaux. The pearl of my heart, Locked within a shell. Too afraid to let it go, To let it show. And all the headlines read, For the whole world to see, A Monster in Parie. I fall apart. I fall apart. Apparently, I did appear. Beneath the light, Yes it was me. A Monster in Parie. I hide my pain, Inside a melody. As if the note I sing, Will set me free. I'd keep all my dreams, Under a lock and key. I'm soo afraid that they will fly, Away from me. A Monster in Parie. A Monster in Parie. A Monster in Parie...\" I sighed, and closed the music box. And tried to fall asleep. I heard the door open and someone climbed on to the bed, on the other side of the room, and began tinkering with something. I kept myself hidden beneath the covers and went to my thoughts. Sadly, the flames and Victor's words haunted my mind, torturing me soo bad that I couldn't sleep. So, all I could do was cry. Hopefully, tomorrow will be better, and I will make a new friend. The good thing about this event is that the news about the Monster in Paris were gone. I hope for good.[Chapter 3] Meeting Emile and Raoul. Evangeline's POV. It's been a few months, since I've first arrived at the orphange. And life has been bad. Every kid has blamed me for my parents' death, or bullied me because of what I look like. I haven't slept a day, and only cried every night. Miss. Paradis caught wind on this and found out that my mind has become fragile, due to blaming myself. So, I spent most of my time in my shared room, unless it was breakfast, lunch, supper, or class time. Each time, I noticed that someone was staring at me. But, everytime I look, nobody was. I think I'm going mad with guilt. It was Mid-April. The flowers bloomed in vibrant colors. The breeze was warm to the touch. The snow was completely gone. And everyone was outside, enjoying the day. Especially me. Miss. Paradis encouraged me to. But, I put on my disguise, and stayed away from the other kids, sitting on the swing-set alone. The kids played happily, until a kid kicked their ball towards me. The ball was blue and made of rubber, like a tire. It nudged my foot, making me look at it. \"Hey! Could you pass the ball over, please?\" I heard a boy shout to me. I looked up and saw the boy waving. He was short, like me. He had short brown hair and green eyes. The boy wore a boy's school uniform, with a belt instead of braces. The other kids nudged him, telling him not to socialise with me. I got off the swing, picked up the ball, and walked to the group of kids. Most of the kids backed away from me. But, the boy smiled. I handed him the ball, and he took it. \"Thank you. Do you have a name?\" The boy thanked, then asked me. I chirped at him. But, he only tilted his head in confusion. \"Don't ask that monster its name! It'll kill you, just like its parents.\" Madeline told the boy. I lowered my head and sighed. Suddenly, I felt a force in my chest, causing me to fall on my butt. I was pushed. The kids laughed and left me. I sat up hugged my knees, trying not to cry. But, the tears just fell without warning. As I cried, I felt drops starting to fall around and onto me. I looked up and saw rain clouds. The sky was crying with me. The drops felt soft and gentle, yet very sad. Was Mummy and Daddy crying too? I got up and quickly ran into the orphanage. At lunch, I sat in the lonely table, playing with my food in sadness. The rain was falling hard. I noticed the staring again, but nobody had their eyes on me. After lunch was done, I returned to my shared room, and began my homework. Most of it was on the biology of my species; fleas. As I worked, I heard the rain, patting a strange tune on the window. I couldn't help but listen and sing to the tune, as it became a song to my ears, \"See my face, Wet with tears, Running down my cheeks, Washing over my fears, Like rain upon the streets. I'm a monster but..., My heart is passionate and profound, I will sing like April Showers, Singing 'til my final hour. But up here, Everything is clear, I'm looking at Parie. I know eventually, You will find the meaning of, This thing that you call love. So it ends, This poem, If it really has a moral, This boogeyman wants you to know, That love is in the soul.\" I was done with my homework, and opened the door to give it to Miss. Paradis, until I opened the door and accidently hit someone. I dropped my papers and ran the the person I hit, purring and chirping, 'I'm so sorry. Are you hurt?' The person stood up and dusted himself off, \"It's okay. I'm fine. Thank you.\" I recognised the voice, it was the boy that waved at me that morning. He looked at me and gasped. I flinched. \"So, you're Evangeline. My roommate.\" I heard the boy say. I calmed at looked at him. He had a smile on his face, \"I didn't think that we would meet. I'm Emile. Your roommate.\" I smiled at him, and extended my hand. He shook my hand and I noticed a pile of papers in his other hand. \"Oh, this? I sort of have this dream of becoming a movie director, someday. So, I made this.\" Emile explained with a shy smile. I reached out my hands, indicating that I was asking to look. \"You want to look at them?\" Emile asked. I nodded. He gave me the pile, and I flipped through the pages. It was a picture flip-book of a romance story. When I finished, I gave the pages back to him, and placed my hands over my scarred chest. \"You like it?\" Emile asked. I stared at him, then smiled and moved my hands in the shape of a heart. \"You loved it? Well, I'm glad you feel that way, Evangeline. Well, I gotta go. Still need a title.\" Emile said, as he walked into our room and began thinking. I picked up my homework and went to Miss. Paradis' office. I knocked on the door. \"Come in.\" I heard Miss. Paradis' voice from the other side. I opened the door and saw Miss. Paradis signing paperwork. She saw me and smiled, \"Oh. Hello, Evangeline. What have you got there?\" I put the homework on her desk and she examined it. She looked shocked, \"Evangeline, this homework isn't due till the weekend. This is incredible.\" She put the papers into her drawer. \"So, were you able to make any friends yet?\" She asked me. I nodded my head, 'yes'. \"Who's the lucky child?\" I thought for a second, then looked around. I noticed files of every orphan, and pointed to Emile's. \"You made friends with your roommate? I'm very impressed. That child is usually very shy.\" Miss. Paradis praised. Then she noticed the clock, \"My goodness, Evangeline. You're late for cerfew. You must get to bed quickly.\" I nodded with a smile and made my way to my bedroom. I noticed Emile having trouble with the title. I gave him a humorous sigh, and looked at the blank page. I thought for a second. Then, I grabbed Emile's hand and wrote, in elegant writting, 'Rêves Deviennent Réalité'. Emile read, \"'Dreams Come True?' Hmmm... I like it. Thanks.\" I nodded my head and climbed into bed. \"So, why do the other orphans call you a monster?\" Emile asked. I felt my face and realised I was still in disguise. I gave Emile a 'please don't freak out' look, and removed my mask, hat and gloves. Emile gasped and was about to scream in fright, but I covered his mouth. His scream was muffled behind my hands, and I stared at him with tears in my eyes. I felt Emile stare into my eyes, and he calmed down. I removed my hands from his mouth and he spoke, \"Just like Miss. Paradis said. 'You can't judge a book by its cover.' I'm sorry that I freaked out.\" I nodded in understanding. Then something clicked in my head. I looked at the clock and noticed it was past 10. I tapped Emile's shoulder and pointed to the clock, above the door frame. \"Oh my goodness, you're right. We're up way past cerfew. Well, good night, Evangeline.\" Emile said, as he got into his sleepwear, and got into his bed. I did the same and tried to go to sleep, but the fire still tortured my mind. So I couldn't sleep. The next few days, Emile and I became very close friends. You could say we became best friends. But, the other kids still tried to keep him away from me. I let him, of course. I knew he had other friends. So, as the April Showers rained upon Paris, I spent most of my time in mine and Emile's room, trying to stay away from everyone. I was relieved that Madeline was adopted to a very nice family. During every adoption day, she kept telling each couple that I was a murderous monster. Now, there's no need. However, the couples, now, never lay one look at me. Beacause I can't speak, but sing. How can you teach a flea to talk, if all it can do is chirp and pur? A week later, the rain has stopped and the sun was shining brightly again. Everyone ran outside to have fun. I decided to venture into town for a little while. Luckily, I was in disguise. I walked into an elementary school's yard, and looked around. Even the kids here were having fun with their friends. Suddenly, I felt a force push into me and forced me to move back. I looked and saw that I bumped into another boy, who was sitting on the floor with tears in his eyes. The boy had very black hair and dark brown eyes to match. But, his bangs were spiked up, like fire. I bent down and extended my hand to the boy. He looked up and noticed me. \"Oh. I'm sorry. I didn't look where I was going.\" The boy apologised, taking my hand, as I helped him up. I nodded at him, telling him it was alright, neither was I. Then, I noticed he was looking back. I tilted my head in confusion. \"It's this girl, Lucille. She took my favourite car from me. It's not fair!\" The boy exclaimed with tears in his eyes. I shook my head, and got a handcichief out of my pocket. I wiped his tears away from his eyes. \"Thanks. I'm Raoul, by the way. Who are you?\" The boy, Raoul introduced himself, then asked me. I thought for a second, and noticed we were standing on a sand-pit. Using my finger, I wrote down my name. \"Evangeline?\" Raoul read. I nodded my head. \"Nice to meet you, Evangeline.\" Raoul said with a smile, shaking my hand. His smile widen as he saw my mask. \"Why are you wearing that mask? Nobody can see your pretty face.\" Raoul asked, trying to reach for my mask. I quickly stepped back, holding my mask and shook my head. Raoul gave me a suspicious look, then thought something out, \"Oh. I see. You have an embarrasing scar on your face, so you don't want anyone to see.\" I wanted to say no, but he quickly got me into a hug. \"Gotcha!\" Raoul playfully grinned, as he took my mask off. He looked horrified when he saw my face. I felt my face, realized what he did, and shook my head. I felt that Raoul was about to scream at me, so I fought back the tears that threatened to fall down my cheeks. And I ran. \"Evangeline, wait!\" I heard Raoul shout, but I ignored him. I put my scarf over my mouth, as I ran back to mine and Emile's room, in the orphanage. The next day, it was raining again. The rain patted the tune on the window, but I didn't bother in singing. So, I just sat on my bed, looking at my parents' pendant and started crying. After a few minutes of crying, I heard a knock on the door. Emile answered the door, \"Miss. Paradis? Is something wrong?\" \"No, dear. I've come tell Evangeline something.\" Miss. Paradis' voice said from the other side. Emile let her in, and she saw me. \"Evangeline, there's someone in the lobby, who wants to see you.\" She told me. I dried my eyes, and got my disguise, but Miss. Paradis stopped me, \"That won't be needed, dear. He already knows.\" 'He?' I thought in confusion. I got off my bed, and followed Miss. Paradis to the lobby. Just in case, Emile came along. A boy was standing in the lobby, looking around, and soaking wet with rain. It was Raoul. He saw me and hung his head. \"Evangeline, I'm sorry that I was about to freak out at you. But, I got a good look at your eyes, and I wanted to get to know you better.\" Raoul apologised for his actions yesterday. I smiled at him, forgiving him. \"Oh, and I also came to give this back.\" Raoul added, giving me my mask back. I took it and gave him a loose hug. Raoul noticed Emile, so I let go and let them introduce each other. \"Hi. I'm Emile. Evangeline's roommate and close friend.\" Emile introduced, extending his hand. \"Nice to meet you, Emile. I'm Raoul. I just met Evangeline.\" Raoul introduced and joked, shaking Emile's hand. Raoul noticed the clock, \"Oh my goodness. Look at the time! I should be at home 5 minutes ago. I'll see you guys later.\" Raoul left the orphanage in a hurry. And the rest of the day went with the same thing as everyday.[Chapter 4] Cousin Lucille and The Professor. Two years have passed, since I became friends with Emile and Raoul. We've became very good friends, and even shared our dreams for the future. Emile dreamed to be a movie director, Raoul dreamed of becoming an inventor, and I dreamed of helping both of them. They laughed out of humor and agreed with my dream. I had my share of laughs, when Raoul admitted that he is allergic to feathers. Even after two years, I still haven't slept a day. I hope to see how the rest of my family's been doing. It's Mid-August. The river Seine has been swelling up lately, from all the rain over the past year. Miss. Paradis planned on taking the orphans on a field trip, to see the Eiffel Tower. Most of the orphans agreed, but the others didn't, since I agreed. No one wanted to hang out with me, except Emile and Raoul, who encouraged me to go. Cheeky boys. I put my disguise on and got some stuff ready for the field trip. Drinks, sandwiches, picnic blanket, plates, ect. A little later, we arrived at the Eiffel Tower and began studying about it. \"As we all know, the Eiffel Tower was built as a monument to remember the memory of the man who named the tower. Can any of you tell me who built this brilliant structure?\" Miss. Paradis asked. Not many raised their hands. I was looking in the book of famous people, so I could answer. I raised my first hand. \"Yes, Evangeline?\" Miss. Paradis called me. I stepped forward and pointed to a picture of a bearded man, standing in front of the tower, which was only 1/10th built. \"Gustave Eiffel. Yes, that's correct. Well done, Evangeline.\" Miss. Paradis said with a smile. I walked back to behind the group, getting called names along the way. I felt a hand touch my shoulder. I looked and saw Emile with a small smile. \"You did good, Evangeline.\" Emile told me, making me give him a smile. As the trip went on, I heard a singing voice. An alto. I looked around an saw... a girl that looked a lot like... Mummy? As curiousity got the best of me, I left the group and followed her. I kept following the girl until she got cornered by a group of large boys. The clouds grew dark and it rained heavily again. I took off my disguise and followed the leader of the group, from the rooftops. \"I told you to leave me alone!\" The girl shouted in a strong french accent, just like Mummy and Auntie Vanessa. \"Fiesty. I like that in a woman.\" The leader said with amusment in his voice. The rest of the group laughed at the girl. This was my chance. I tapped the leader's shoulder and he turned, annoyed. \"What do you want, pipsqueak?\" He asked, before getting a good look at me. I looked up at him, snarling, and showing them my 'clawed' hands. \"Wh-Wh-What is that thing?\" One of the group asked in fear. I roared at the group of boys. Thunder clashed in unison with my roar. The boys screamed in fear and ran off. I smiled, then looked at the girl, who was curled up in a ball. I walked up to her and placed my hand over her shoulder. The girl looked at me. I smiled kindly at her. The lightning must've made me look threatening, because she screamed and ran away. I watched her as sadness took over me and began to cry. Thunder and lightning flashed and crashed together. I heard a sudden sound, then looked. Below my head, my locket was open. It was playing my family's lullaby. Tears continued to fall down my cheeks as I opened my mouth, \"I... I hide my light, Inside a cloak of night. Beneath a red scarf, And a chapeaux. The pearl of my heart, Locked within a shell. Too afraid to let it go, To let it show. And all the headlines read, For the whole world to see, A Monster in Parie. I fall apart, I fall apart. Apparently, I did appear. Beneath the light, Yes it was me. A Monster in Parie. I hide my pain, Inside a melody. As if the notes I sing, Will set me free. I keep all my dreams, Under a lock and key. I'm soo afraid, That they will fly, Away from me. A Monster in Parie. A Monster in Parie. A Monster in Parie...\" I sighed in sadness, as the rain soaked me to the bone. As another thunder clashed, I heard footsteps, then the rain stopped falling on me. I looked up and saw the girl I saved, holding an umbrella over her and my heads. \"Wh-Where did you hear that song? That's my family's lullaby.\" She asked me. I gave her a confused look. Her family's lullaby? \"My mummy used to sing it to me, ever since I was a baby. Mummy said it was the same song that Auntie Amelia sang to her daughter, before they all died.\" The girl explained with tears in her eyes. My eyes widened in shock. Auntie Vanessa is her mummy? That means, I have a biological cousin. I smiled with tears in my eyes, and showed the girl my pendant. She noticed and took a look. \"'For our loving angel.'\" She read. She opened the pendant and saw my parents. He eyes widened in shock. \"That's Auntie Amelia and Uncle Marcus. Then that means...\" The girl said, then looked at my smiling face. She smiled, \"You're my cousin, Evangeline.\" I nodded. Suddenly, she wrapped her arms around me. It took me by surprise, but I hugged her back. \"I can't believe you survived the fire. Where have you been this whole time?\" The girl asked me. I was about to answer, but Miss. Paradis shouted my name. I let go of the girl, got my disguise back on and returned to the group. The rest of day went normal. Many months later, it was my 10th birthday. A nice family adopted Emile, and other kids were with their new families. I was left with just a large group. All I got for my birthday was a cake and small party, that very few attended. I couldn't take the insults and bullying anymore. A few days, after my birthday, at the dead of night, I packed my stuff, put on my disguise, and left the orphanage. I ventured the streets and alleys of Paris, but there was no place for me to stay. It was morning, and I found myself in front of a large greenhouse. I lightly knocked the door, the door creaked open. I entered the greenhouse and looked inside. I was amazed. The place was nothing but large plant-life. Even, some sequoia trees were taller than their average height, sunflowers were 20 feet tall. Even the regular lilly was about the same height of a full-grown human. As I continued to look around, I noticed a lab in the center of the greenhouse. A large shelf of different vials of formulas, a long counter, with a sink and bonsurn burner, and a chalkboard, with a formula equation, answered with a question mark. I looked at the equation, and began to think. After a few seconds, I picked up the chalk and began jotting my ideas. After a few minutes, I stopped jotting, put the chalk back, and smiled. I solved the equation. Suddenly, I heard the door open. Thinking quickly, I jumped to hide in the sequoia tree. I was impressed with what I saw. An adult man entered the greenhouse. He was taller than me, and had dark hair, beard and eyes. Next to him, was an albino long-nosed monkey, wearing a street hat and a vest coat. I watched the two walk to the lab. The man walked to the counter, to check his work, until the monkey gasped and jumped for joy. \"What is it, Charles?\" The man asked the monkey, Charles. Charles pointed to the chalkboard, showing the equation. \"By Joe, this is a breathrough! Who solved this?\" The man cheered in happiness. The monkey looked around, but couldn't see me. I smiled, knowing that I helped the man. He started to create the formula and was able to create a pink liquid. He gave Charles a few sprays of the liquid, and Charle's voice turned from monkey screeches, to a male's singing voice for a few seconds. \"Very impressive. A voice enhancer. Amelia would be delighted, if she and Marcus were alive today.\" The man said, with a sad tone at the last part. Amelia and Marcus... Was he friends with Mummy and Daddy? After a few seconds of silence, the man, the Professor, began another formula creation. Before he retired, he put down another equation on the board. I waited a few hours, until I decide to get out of my hiding place. I looked at the equation, it looked very familiar. As I read the problem, a memory hit me. This was the same equation that was in Daddy's notes, before they were burnt away with him. I quickly picked up the chalk and wrote the solution. When I was done, I returned to my hiding place and stared at the stars and moon. The morning sun hit the greenhouse, and the Professor woke up and had breakfast with Charles. The monkey looked at the board and noticed the solution I wrote. He jumped for joy again, and showed the Professor. \"This is incredible. I wonder who wrote this.\" The Professor pondered, as I watched him. Charles must've smelt my scent, because he started to get jumpy and began looking around. I quickly jumped away from my hiding place and landed on top of the tallest palm tree. Charles got closer to the tree, and I jumped again, to another plant. However, the branch I landed on was loose. So, it flopped downward, and I fell into the riverbed of the greenhouse. As you know, fleas can't swim, so I struggled to stay up for air. I saw a hand reach into the water, before the darkness took over. * Dream * I was wondering in a beautiful field. It was blossoming with Spring flowers with the Summer breeze blowing behind me. I heard voices calling my name. I followed and saw Mummy and Daddy, smiling at me. I ran up to them, but their smiles faded into anger and sadness, as flames surrounded them. The flames spread across the field and got closer to me. The dancing blazes got closer to me. Angry voices entered my ears, blaming me for the death of Mummy and Daddy. I screamed for them to stop, and they did. The field was nothing but ashes, Mummy and Daddy were gone, and the sky was nothing but smoke. Suddenly, I heard a guitar playing. A tall figure, wearing white and blue appeared. I couldn't see its face, but its eyes were like mine, but red, instread of blue and green. Its voice was soft and gentle, telling me it was male, \"See my face, Wet with tears, Running down my cheeks. Washing over my fears, Like rain upon the streets. I'm a monster, but... My heart is passionate and profound. I will sing, Like April Showers, Singing till my final hour. But, up here, Everything's clear, I'm looking at Parie. I know eventually, You will find the meaning of, This thing that they call 'love'. So it ends, This poem, If it really has a moral. This boogeyman wants you to know, That love's in the Soul.\" * Dream End * When I woke up, I gasped for air and sat up. I coughed a bit, and realised I wasn't in the water anymore, but on a bed, in a bedroom. I looked at my hands and saw that my disguise was off. Panic took its grip on me, did the Professor see me? Did Charles see me? Will they call the police? Will they kill me? My train of thought broke by the sound of the door opening. I quickly ran to the nearest shadow I could find. It was the Professor and Charles, with a tray of food. \"Little dear? Are you awake? It's okay, I won't bite.\" The Professor said with a kind voice, looking around for me. I hid deeper in the shadow. Charles smelt me and walked infront of me. He reached out his hand to me, but I shook my head. Charles shrugged and joined the Professor. *A few months later* After the accident, I spent most of my time in the garden, hiding from the Professor, and becoming good friends with Charles. During the past few months, I found that Raoul's family is a close friends with the Professor and that Raoul has spoken alot about me. During that time, I remembered that Charles saved me from drowning. And I was very gratefull. One night, my amnesia took its toll and fell asleep. And I dreamt about the man in white again. Something about him gave me hope. His eyes were sad and his voice spoke a lot of emotions. When I woke up, I found out I was in a bedroom. And I was sleeping in a queen-sized bed. I looked around and dread chilled down my spine. The door opened, and the Professor appeared, with Charles beside him, holding a tray of food. I quickly jumped out of the bed and hide in the shadows again. \"It's okay, dear. I'm not going to harm you.\" The Professor encouraged. I shook my head. Charles crawled to me and reached out his hand. I looked into his eyes and saw that the Professor was a harmless soul. I nodded, taking his hand and he showed me to the Professor. The Professor looked at me with no fear. Interest and facination were clear in his eyes. He began to examine me, from the tips of my fingers, to my toes. \"Very interesting. A Ctenocephalides canis with definite signs of human DNA. Whoever had the brains to create you was very smart to find the perfect match.\" The Professor told me. I smiled proudly in my family's work. The Professor, suddenly, noticed my necklace, \"May I see your locket, dear?\" I looked at my locket, and gave it to him. He opened the locket and the music played. I tried hard not to think about my parents. I saw tears in his eyes, \"Amelia and Marcus.\" He closed the locket and looked at me. Out of nowhere, the Professor threw his arms around me. I gasped in shock, then wrapped my arms around him. \"Where have you been, young Evangeline? I thought you died with your parents.\" The Professor asked, then told me. He was friends with my parents. I dug through my trenchcoat and showed him an image of the Orphange. He took it from me and smiled. \"It's settled then.\" He said. I chirped in confusion. \"I'm going to adopt you.\" He answered. I jumped in shock. Adopt me? But, I'm not completely human. I'm just a mutated flea. The next day, The Professor, Charles and I returned to the Orphanage. Miss. Paradis was very worried about me, thinking that I wondered off. But, she was very glad that I was with someone very familiar. The Professor told Miss. Paradis that he has decided to adopt me as his daughter and prodigy. As he was signing the papers, I heard Miss. Paradis ask the Professor why such a quick decision. He told her that he was a friend of my father's since kindergarten. And he was my GodFather. A few hours later, it was official. I was the Professor's daughter and prodigy. My life was wonderfull again. I was home-schooled with my new father. I became best friends with everyone that became friends with me, Raoul, Emile, my cousin Lucille, and Charles. But, I could only visit them once a week. I was okay with that. However, Victor's words and the fire still haunt me. So, my insomnia just get worse. But, every night, I do hear a voice singing, as I stare at the stars. It was the same voice from my dreams of the tall man in white and blue. Sometimes, he wore black and red. But his eyes and voice never change. And I don't know why he bothers me so much. He makes my heart feel warm and big. Butterflies the size of my hands flutter in my stomach. My face heats up. Have I found my dream man? But, there's the question; Is he human, or something else? ","Summary":" Evangeline's Creation And Family Issues. In the bright, but very cold streets of Paris, a festival "},{"Movie":"Adventures of Sharkboy and Lavagir...","Title":"Sharkboy and Lavagirl:Adventures in a dare show!","Author":"4narnia112","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10711910","Passage":"[Chapter 1] HI everyone! Submit dares to sharkboy and lavagirl and everyone in the movie and they just might end up here in the Dare show. Hurry to sent in your dares so I can hurry for new chapters!Now hurry up and send those dares! ;D[Chapter 2] Disclaimer:I can only wish to own Sharkboy and Lavagirl. Maria:Hey everyone! You know Sharkboy,Lavagirl,Max and they're here because you have dares and when you have dares- Sharkboy:We ignore them. Lavagirl:NO! we do them. Max:Come on Sharkboy,it could be fun. Sharkboy:I doubt that completely. Linus:Just ignore him. (Sharkboy glares at Linus,while Linus backs away slowly with Sharkboy walking towards him) Maria:Sharkboy don't do anything you'll regret. Sharkboy:(laughs while saying it)But I'm not gonna regret this! Maria:(walks in front of Sharkboy) DON'T DO IT ANYWAYS!(breathing heavily) (Sharkboy's eyes get wider as he backed away slowly) Sharkboy:(nervously)He He Don't do anything you'll regret,Maria. Maria:I'm not. Sharkboy:I'm gonna go now.(runs into another room) Max,LG,Maria,and Linus:(burst out laughing) Max:(still laughing)I've never seen him so scared before in my life. Lavagirl:(still laughing)Me either! Sharkboy:(from another room)Stop Laughing! Linus:(still laughing)We Can't! Maria:(stops laughing)That's enough guys.(To Sharkboy)Come on out. Sharkboy:No Maria:Please Sharkboy. Sharkboy:It's still no Maria: Really? Sharkboy:Really. Maria:(walks towards the room SB's in)Alright(looking sneaky) Sharkboy:Thank you! Lavagirl:Can I read the first dare?! Maria:Sure!(gives lavagirl the dare card)The first one is from s3xyBATbaby. Lavagirl:Okay.s3xyBATbaby dares sharkboy to... Maria:To what? Lavagirl:to kiss lavagirl for 10 seconds. Maria:Sharkboy! Sharkboy:(from other room)What? Max:You got Dared! Sharkboy:(walks in)Uhhhh Why Me?! Linus:Because you're part of the show. Sharkboy:How'd We become a part of the show anyways. Lavagirl:I volunteered Max:So did I Linus:Me too Sharkboy:How did I get here then?Did Maria Kidnap me?YES! Maria:(looks annoyed)I did not kidnap followed me here. Sharkboy:(looks annoyed)I did no- LG,Max,L,Maria:Yes you did! my dare is to-(Sharkboy takes dare card) ? (Sharkboy goes up to lavagirl an harshly kisses her as Max and Linus count down) Max,L:10,9,8 Maria:You don't have to count down. Max,L:7,6,5 Maria:Gu- Max,L:4 Maria:Why do I even bother? Max,L:3,2,1,HAPPY NEW YEAR! (Sharkboy stop kissing Lavagirl) Lavagirl:OW! Sharkboy:Bye(walks towards other room) Maria:No you are staying in here. Sharkboy:I can do what I want. Maria:(laughing while saying)Really. Sharkboy:Yes(walks away) Maria:(grabs his wrist and their eyes lock)Please Sharkboy:( thinking )Her blue eyes are so .Why did I think that? Maria:Sharkboy! Sharkboy:What? Maria:(nicely with begging eyes)`Stay in here please. Sharkboy:(smiles)okay. Maria:(smiles while thinking )He is so cute when he did I just say! Linus:And the next dare is? Max:Yeah what is the next dare? Maria:(gives Max dare card)I won't know until you read it. 72 dares Lavagirl to slap to slap to slap Linus and Linus to slap Lavagirl. Sharkboy:Sooooo it's a slapping circle. Linus:Yeah Sharkboy:Can Maria take my pla- (Lavagirl slaps Sharkboy hard across the face) Sharkboy:(glares at LG) Max:You have to sla- (SB slaps Max across the face,then Max slaps Linus) Linus:OW!(Slaps LG) Lavagirl:Ouch! Maria:To The Next Dare! Sharkboy:Why do we have to do th- Maria:Sharkboy's reading the next dare. Sharkboy:WHAT! Linus:Come on all you have to do is read the card. Sharkboy: But then I have to do it ! Lavagirl: JUST READ IT SB ! Sharkboy:ALRIGHT!Dracona of the Teen Legends dares to slow dance with an inanimate object for a full five minutes.(throws card and walks into another room) Max:How is suppos- (Maria closes her eyes and sings and appears) (MARIA:If you want to hear what I want to sound like search let it go danish by angie gzz) Linus:How did you- Maria:I have some powers. Mx,L,LG:Cool. :Where am I?! Lavagirl:You are at the Everyone(except SB and Mr.E):Sharkboy and Lavagirl Dare Show! Maria:I'm Maria,the got dared. Lavagirl:You have to slow dance with...a... Max:Cereal Box! Maria:That can work.(runs to a different room sharkboy is not in) :I'm NOT doing that. Linus:You have too Maria:(walks in with Lucky Charms cereal) :Make Me Maria:(whispers)okay (Maria sings again and Mr.E runs to the cereal box and starts slow dancing with it to Replay by Zendaya) 3 minutes later... Lavagirl:(whispers)Maria can we get some coloring books and crayons or something. Maria:(whispers)Sure(runs to back room and brings coloring books and crayons) LG,Max,L:Thanks Maria 2 minutes later... (Mr.E throughs the cereal box in the air and drops it and it breaks spilling it's contents) Mr.E:NNNNNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOO!MY BABY! (Maria sings again and Mr.E is gone) Maria:Bye Linus:Can I read the next dare? Maria:Yep(gives Linus the dare card) Linus:Dracona of the Teen Legends dares Tobor to say something incredibly stupid. Max: Tobor can't no matter how hard he tries. Lavagirl:Maria can use her powers,right? Maria:Yeah (Maria sings and Tobor appears and looks weird) Sharkboy:(walks in) Tobor:Hey Sharkboy,you're the king of the ocean right Sharkboy:(smirks)The one and only Tobor:Can you fish me a pig? Sharkboy:(looks confused)Wha?Why? Tobor:I am going to eat it and be able to fly! Sharkboy:(looks aggravated) can already fly. don't fish EVERYBODY WHO EATS BACON CAN FLY! Tobor:That's because they didn't eat a pig Sharkboy:(facepalm)Is this a joke or something?! Maria:(laughing)It's a dare! LG,L,Max:(laughing) (Maria sings,Tobor disappears,and Sharkboy's eye grow wide) Sharkboy:(smiling while thinking )I never thought I'd hear an angel sing.(frowns)What is going on with me?! Maria:Sharkboy,what are you staring at? Sharkboy:oh uh nothing( thinking )you Maria:Anyways(reads dare card)FlashinFashionja dares Sharkboy to..um..Max read the rest please. dares Sharkboy to kis- Sharkboy:Let me guess Lavagirl. Max:Noo Maria for 2 minutes. Sharkboy:Really?( thinking )YESSS! Lavagirl:Where's Maria? Max:I don't know Linus:I saw Maria go into the back room. Lavagirl:I'll go get her.(runs to back room) *with the girls* Lavagirl:Maria!(sees Maria by the closet) I know I'm about to do the dare. Lavagirl:Why'd you run off. Maria:(mumbled)I like Sharkboy Lavagirl:What? Maria:I like Sharkboy okay! Lavagirl:Why? Maria:Because he's cute and funny and dated him right?Uhh I am such a terrible pers- Lavagirl:No your not because it was too weird for us and we fought all the time. Maria:That's why you guys are mad at each other right? Lavagirl:Yeah. *with the boys* Linus: I know you like her. M,SB:Huh?! Linus:Shark,I know you like Maria and Max I know you like both Lavagirl and 's no hidding it from me. Max:How did you know! Sharkboy:(blushing)THAT ISN'T TRUE! Linus,Max:(staring at sharkboy annoyed) Your blushing. Sharkboy:Well...uhh...ummm Max:Well,tell why you don't like Maria. Sharkboy:... Linus:Sharkboy do you like Maria? Sharkboy:FINE Your right.(storms off) *with the girls* Maria:Do you still have feeling for him. Lavagirl:Not and I were talking about going out. Maria:Really? Lavagirl:Yeah now go and kiss that boy. Maria:(blushes)Alright. (The girls go to the main room.) Linus:Hey. Maria,LG:Hey Max:Sharkboy stormed off. Maria:I'll get him. *With the girl and the shark* Maria:Sharkboy!Where are you? Sharkboy:(whispers)over here Maria:(grabs his hand)come have to do the dare. Sharkboy:Wait! Maria:What? Sharkboy:I want to do this dare but not in front of everybody. Maria:Why? Sharkboy:Because everybody wants me and Lavagirl together. Maria:That doesn't only matters what you want to 's your choice. Sharkboy:I just decided.(drags Maria to the main room) Maria:What do you mean you ju- (Sharkboy passionatly kissed Maria on the lips and Maria kissed back.) Maria:And that's the end of Day 1. Comment and Reveiw! ","Summary":" HI everyone! Submit dares to sharkboy and lavagirl and everyone in the movie and they just might en"},{"Movie":"Adventures of Sharkboy and Lavagir...","Title":"A Hot Evening in Planet Drool","Author":"Ganymede1135","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13067535","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Max was pondering his boring lonely life one afternoon while relaxing in the comfort of his room, his quaint magazine picture home on the suburbs of Austin, Texas. It was a near the peak of a warm and bright day in April 2005, just before the weekend. He had a Social Studies in two days and then he dreamed about two weeks of free time for himself. I should get away from here , he thought; even when classes were going on there were plenty of chances during the week for something like that. At the very least, he thought he could do something like spend hours in the library, brain and heart centered on his Dream Journal. There was no socialism but at least it would give him some sense of belonging beyond simply moving about the campus from class to class and back again to his house on the West Side of town. His sole friend Marissa, a fellow student, was all Max wished he could be: a popular kid plus the lead anchor on the morning announcements. Her community service coincided nicely with her work on the announcements. She was a star and go-getter in the same class where the school news was filmed. Marissa had raised enough money in the past five months to buy a new set of headphones, plus buy the latest designer boots. Max tried to grasp Marissa's seemingly instinctual perfect fortune. She never seemed bothered or sick of all she was doing in a busy week. Max often felt crushed and shy by merely attending the classes he needed in his dream for a way out of his town, a place away from home, assuming he would go to college, about eight years in the future. The Class of '12 would be his class but looked to his small nerdy self to be a long time away. There was something else that Marissa had that Max coveted: a boyfriend. In fact, Marissa was on her first one. Her first was somebody she started with in her first few weeks at School. By the time Marissa had met him in their first weeks at school this boy was already gone. The gossip of the breakup seemed like the picture-book story of young love short-lived, something about him deciding to date somebody else and quickly dumping Marissa. Marissa seemed to bounce back quickly from romantic fouls and found a new love affair with someone named Linus. Max strongly disliked him; he often went far beyond being gross into utter annoyance. His treatment of Max ran from teasing to prowling. He took to nicknaming him \"Goldilocks\" which referred to his blonde curly hair. At one Halloween party he said to him, \"Hey Max, I bet your butt tastes like lemon bars. You know, all yellow sweet on the inside and, plus maybe - something on the outside.\" He giggled and licked his lips, and Max retorted - he had a shot of booze on a dare - \"Linus, not only are you a pig, you're not even a funny pig. Even your jokes are a load of dog poo.\" He tried to defend himself by getting extra dirty nasty, \"You little fag, why don't you suck me?\" He began to unzip his pants, but Max just left the room turning on his heel. Later he wished he had stayed so he could laugh at whatever puny boyish limpness Linus probably was in. There was some funny gratification to be had the next day when he heard what had happened when he and Marissa were playing Spin the Bottle and went into the closet. Linus had puked suddenly in the confines of the closet, Marissa ran out racing to the restroom and the other half-dozen party guests had left in amusement and disgust. Marissa had put up with him for about two months when Linus himself decided to burn the bridge. He gave no explanation for the breakup, but Marissa handled it with her usual boldness. He was seen with a couple of other girls at school during the remainder of 2005. The summer of '05 was great because Max could get away from his parents and hang out at Marissa's summer place on the East side of town. It was on the ground floor of a big stone villa with a courtyard on one side and a pool on the other. Yet the interior was clean but homey and six roads provided fast access into Austin. On days when Marissa was thinking up a business \"scam\", Max could have the place to himself. And yet he sometimes felt like an Alien there, in many ways. He read most times and listened to Marissa's music playlist. Two times Marissa had left art supplies behind for him to use and he sat by the pool wearing headphones and tried to find more inspiration from his imagination than what was actually there. The neighborhood for about a mile in any direction was calming to him. It was a vast open area for Austin, with good views, bridge overpasses, shoreline houses and other facilities keeping the flow of more than a hundred lives going across the city. Sometimes he would go to the doughnut shop just to have a spot and to be around other people, to look at and be inspired by. The truth was that he was feeling very lonely. For one thing she believed it would be very nice to share this summer with a boyfriend, but he had never had one. From what he had seen of Marissa's experiences in the last year, going out with guys had some down sides. But, he knew deep down, there had to be decent ones around - say, among the thousands kids in Austin. Max got some new information to consider when Marissa picked up her third boyfriend - actually picked him up in the local mall food court. Max thought to himself, how does she catch guys so quick? It was notable that this latest beau seemed to be cool and actually spoke to Max as if he was the most awesome kid ever. This was more galling than the Linus situation. Why can't I have somebody like that who loves me? There was one somewhat anomalous fact about this Taylor, Marissa's new main squeeze. Marissa told him one day, \"He's actually been seeing another girl - he met her only a week earlier.\" Max asked her, \"What do you mean, seeing her? How do you know that?\" Max already knew the truth, but he wanted to hear his friend say it. Marissa said, \"Okay, he's going steady with her. But he admitted it within two minutes of talking to me. It was me who decided to go on, to see what he was about.\" \"And what do you think you're gonna get out of this? You think he's gonna dump her for you?\" \"Maybe, but I wouldn't say that too soon. Right now I'm just going to have fun; this makes me feel like a movie star. Haven't you heard of open relationships Max?\" Max thought to say, I'd never do that , but he didn't. He assumed his virginity didn't give him the grounds to give his opinion about it. So during the fall of 2005 he watched what happened with the people around him. Marissa was invited to join one of the student unions by Taylor, who already had the other \"girlfriend\" on the council there. Max expected some kind of dramatic event to happen because of the love triangle, but it never did. Peace seemed to be the god there. Max had secretly dreamed of the the moment of seeing his friend learn a grown-up lesson for his recklessness. Instead Marissa's life seemed to be golden for the moment. Max thought about being in his new year and her own lack of social progress. Or sometimes he didn't want to think about it because it was too sad. All right Jesus, he thought, hardly anybody actually gets laid in life (although he had little knowledge to know that). His school was a jungle scene, was sort of a survival of the fittest place honestly. But now he was past her tenth birthday, and he had never been kissed, felt up, or even been on an after school date. He was beginning to understand that he was going have to be more confident, that he had to rely on himself if he was going to make any change in this. What exactly the specifics were confused him. He was aware of the physical side of his preteen frustration, the sexual need that was growing on his thoughts. If he was alone and had the chance, his fingers would often be between his legs, or he would be straddling a pillow, or he would have the end of a pencil inserted into his butt. He was able to finally feel the joy of male multiple orgasms by inducing them on himself almost at will. At least I'm not a wuss, he thought. Max's masturbation fantasies could be quite wild. For a while she was fascinated with Spider-Man and Robin, but more with the real ones rather than the cartoon versions. He definitely couldn't identify with Bruce Wayne, that was for sure. The real Spider-Man he dreamed being tall and dark-haired, although he was also thin and strong which Max barely was. Nevertheless he was excited by his own version of the story. Somehow a boy from the West Side of Austin could be a super hero. She would wear a costume, he would have a utility belt and packs holding all his gadgets and those amazing non-human powers. He would move fast all over Texas and California and New York (he'd have to learn to use be acrobatic) with a swift wind blowing in his face. Whenever he got the urge he would fuck his nerd-boy shy lover, screwing him every which way on a skyscraper rooftop. ********* Marissa was the only person he could confide in. One day her family retreat, Max said to her, \"I'm wondering, is this normal or freaky, I guess? I just can't keep myself away from my own pants. I feel like I'm on Queer Eye .\" Marissa laughed at that, \"I've watched that show too. Those poor gay guys, shame, they think they're the only ones who get all warm inside. They don't want to consider what they're capable of, probably because they can't accept it.\" \"But when you've had a boyfriend, you haven't had to, you know . . .\" \"Max dude, you're smart but a lil' naive. It's not like that. I've had days when I've been turned on so long and hours later, when I'm alone . . .\" She sipped from her glass of lemonade on the table and started humming, \" 'Don't cha wish your girlfriend was hot like me? Don't cha wish your girlfriend was a freak like me? Don't cha? Don't cha? Don't cha wish your girlfriend was raw like me? Don't cha wish your girlfriend was fun like me? Don't cha? Don't cha?\" Marissa continued, \"I could get you a dildo, have one you can use when you got Ants in you pants . Hmm, maybe we should each have one!\" Max thought but didn't say, I don't want a dildo, I want a boyfriend. Marissa had opened up more on the topic, \"Chloe was telling me about the one she has.\" Max was a bit taken aback; Chole was Taylor's other girlfriend. He thought, I don't wanna know, but there's something about it that stinks SICK & WRONG. Marissa expressed her opinion, \"You actually talk to her about stuff like that?\" \"Oh, I see what you're saying. Okay, in a crazy world we'd experiment with ourselves. I'd have my own harem - Aladdin-like, 'Linus, get me some sweets and feed me by hand, Taylor, massage my feet, and tonight I'll decide which one of you dweebs is allowed into the king's crib.' \" \"You'd like to be a Sultan?\" \"Why not, like in Aladdin , or from History class? I'd be King of the Wolrd and also the whole school.\" That would be cool! You'd be the prince of the Cul-de-Sac, plus the King of Kingss. Wouldn't that be something?.\" Max thought all this was typical of his friend: make jokes about everything but offshoot the serious stuff. He would have liked to ask her for some helpful advice, some information about handling key dating Do s and Don't s - or maybe just fucking - but a combination of shyness and pride kept him quiet. That semester Max found himself having some very explicit feelings for his newest fictional character: Sharkboy. He thought, no big deal, it's just a boy-crush. But he suspected it went way beyond that. As an experiment he masturbated while imagining Sharkboy kissing him. Sharkboy would know exactly what to do with his lips and tongue on Max's crotch. The experiment was successful, and then Max lay in his bed judging the results. I guess I'm not gay but maybe I'm a lil' bisexual. Didn't Marissa say that most people are somewhat? Maybe some male lovers could be worked into his life. Yet he knew that wouldn't be enough. There's no way around it, I'd like to be kissed and fucked by a guy. The only boy he knew beyond his classroom peers was Marissa's old boyfriend Linus. He did seem like someone he could deal with. Almost inevitably he thought about how he could get Linus for himself. Would that destroy his friendship with Marissa? Probably, but then Linus had worked out a trail with two girls at once. Maybe it would be possible to secretly work himself in as the third squeeze. Maybe he could join the union and have some room for romantic flirts while there. It wasn't the scene that he wanted, really, but maybe it would be okay for a while. After all, this was only elementary school and he was still young. As Marissa had said, \"Have a blast and worry about the future later.\" Max knew, or perhaps dreaded, that this wasn't a real goal or even an aspiration but just a fantasy. The possibility of it seemed nuts. Then in July came the news that an old sweetheart of Chole's - an ex-boyfriend if anyone believed that - had won her back and she had abruptly dumped Taylor. Max wondered how this would change whatever his own plans were for the coming year. ****** This was the condition of Max's life as he lay on his guest bed on that April afternoon. He was bored and at loose ends but he didn't want to go home just yet. Marissa and Taylor were not in cthe house but he had received an invitation to go the park but declined. Those two are probably out there now having some weekend make out time in her car or in a nearby rest area. He tried to imagine the scene and felt a sense of jealousy and excitement at the same time. Maybe I should get off my geek ass and go live until I get a job and an place of my own. Some effort in that direction would give him some new hope in getting his life going where he wanted. On an impulse he got up, got himself together and went across the way to the pool area, a resort-like scene that was very quiet right now. He went up to the guest room next to the Rec/Games one and stood in front of a mirror assessing himself. He thought of something he had blurted out to Marissa a few weeks earlier, \"I wish I was as cool as you are.\" Marissa had scoffed, \"Ok, I don't put people on scales, but I'm just your All American Girl.\" Marissa perhaps had been trying to play some false modesty, what she would like to think of being two-faced. She was cute, about a head shorter than Max. Her curly golden-brown hair was always cut neatly down toward her shoulders, and she had ocean-blue eyes. Max's blonde hair always seemed to be unruly and he never could figure out the best way to style what she had. Still looking in the mirror, he removed his T-shirt and considered his own body as it looked under it and his blue boxers. Well, I'm not wimpy and a beanpole - light is a word that fit the bill. Did boys notice him as he went about on campus? Sometimes he tried to keep track of that, and he never noticed any heads turning in his direction. Marissa's body looked perfect; she acted in the winter and danced in the summer. Max had the same aptitude for those activities, but he preferred to play video games or ride a skateboard and he was considering getting a new one for his birthday. Marissa also had butterfly-shaped glasses, and in imitation of her Max had tried her old ones on a dare. Perhaps he looked more cute? Max crossed his arms round him and pondered that what he most envied about his friend was her confidence. There were guys in the cafeterias and recess every day; how did she manage to approach one and then snag him with a few minutes of talking? Getting admirers quick into position definitely worked. Looking into the mirror was not Max's only purpose in coming to this room. He looked around to confirm that the room behind him was Haunted House empty. Then he went out to the pool and stood at the end furthest from the lawn chairs and dropped his T-shirt on the floor. Then he took off his sandals and his blue boxers- the floor out there was too hot for bare feet, he put his sandals back on while jumping on each leg. For a moment he admired her copper-colored leather, comfy footwear, a pair his Mom had bought for him just last summer. Okay, so it's nice to get new stuff for this season, but I'm old enough that I should be picking out stuff for myself. Then he sighed and sat there considering his aim to masturbate in the pool. Doing this here? Well, why not? The right combination of horny thoughts and nimble fingers - and he had skill with both - and one of life's most awesome experiences could be had in this sweet swimming pool. He pulled her boxers down over his hips and deliberated about his undies. He decided to just take them off and toss them aside. Off with my shirt, off with my sandals, I don't need underpants, I'm high on love. The steps leading into the water weren't the most comfortable place to sit but Max had been in such places before, including the school's Boy's Room. Then he got a zucchini he had stole out of Marissa's fridge and slid it out from the the white towel he picked up from inside, where it would be handy. Now all he needed was a scenario to follow to a satisfying fantasy. Max decided on that quite readily. What would it be like to fuck Sharkboy/Taylor n Marissa's couch when she wasn't around? Stealing somebody else's boyfriend, not the best way to behave but it certainly seemed awesome. The fantasy started far into a steady slow make-out session. His chest was bare and Sharkboy's hands were pinching his nipples. In the pool he decided to touch himself a bit more for his self-pleasuring. Max reached to his goods and rubbed his cock. Then he rubbed his nipples for two minuets. Sex with a real person would have the power of an extra pair of hands to touch his many private places. With masturbation, guys should wisely take care of these urges by oneself the best way possible with what he's got. Max imagined what he would say, I've been thinking about you for so long now. He'd reply, I've been thinking about you too, Max. That was an erotic thought, that Sharkboy/Taylor was his secret lover. Was he still a virgin in the dream? Somehow that wouldn't do, he had been with other girls who had fallen for him before. It didn't mean a thing; it was his fantasy and he could direct it as he wished. Now he imagined Sharkboy sucking on his nipples as his hand went down to his cock. What would Marissa think of me now? He'd say, well, what she doesn't know the better. Max pictured himself wearing boxers but no socks, and fresh new Adidas sneakers. Max didn't actually own new ones but they would be easy enough to get if he wanted them. In a few moments he had lowered his undies and was rubbing his cock in a loving excited way. His own hands followed the deep sexy mental images and he spread his legs to get better access. Max was amazed by his own ability to get hard quickly. It was great to be so eager and primed to take in a guy's meat. Max imagined undoing Sharkboy's pants and taking his erect dick out. Oh, it's such a big one. That wouldn't be the most original thing to say but it would make the scene hotter. Max did know from Sex Ed and online sources what an hard penis looked like. The ever-naughty Linus had downloaded hard-core porno photos from somewhere and he would show them to the girls and boys in order to appear badass or whatever he imagined himself to be. One set depicted a Danish schoolboy getting seduced by his teacher. In true porno style it showed him getting touched from front, bottom and with his shirt on. Max wasn't sure if people changed positions that much in real life but it gave him a good look at the feelings and moves of the various sexual acts.[Chapter 2] For his own dream it would be a basic spooning position with little of their clothes still on. That and the use of Marissa's bed made it seem more awesome, sexier even. As if they couldn't wait to get naked and go into the bedroom. Sharkboy simply entered him after a few moments of his hand stroking him from up then down and back again. What Max couldn't know was what that erect dick would feel like in him. Max retrieved his zucchini and inserted it into himself. From experience he knew that with one of his hands rubbing his cock and the other working the zucchini, an orgasm was minutes away. To get better traction he put her feet up on the tile wall and spread his legs even further. The imaginary part of it was exhilarating too. Probably they would praise each other's unique attributes. Sharkboy, you have such a big, hard cock. And you have such a hot, sweet butt. During this his mind was almost leaped from the rest room in upper Austin and was mainly in the suite-like vacation house a few miles away. A sudden thought came to him about how fast a car could take across town and then to Marissa's living room. No one else had yet come into the pool area, so he felt free and comfortable about moaning as he handled himself. Max wasn't that loud, but vocalizing made his pleasure rise sky high. If the outside door opened he would hear it as a warning. Max hoped that wouldn't happen because this dream was reaching such a good peak that it would suck to have to start over. Max remembered from the Danish porn photos that when the boy was on the bottom he had spread his legs up and out about as far as they would go. By deduction it was easy to figure out the point of that; there would be a more intimate collision between the male's hips and the other guy's crotch. Max had never felt that, but he guessed it must feel far out. Marissa had told him that reaching behind a guy and grabbing his ass might cause him to come faster - assuming that was the main aim. Max wanted it now. My God, I'm going to jizz in you, I'm going to put my hot load into you . Oh please do it, please cum in me. Dirty dialogue, yes, but again it got the kid off. As Max climaxed he said things like, \"Fuck, fuck my butt . . . ah God, ah, ah.\" This was quite loud but thankfully no one walked in now because he was beyond stopping. Max's fingers slid along the zucchini and he felt himself clamp down on that very hand. \"Oh, yeah, fuck that, fuck my ass.\" Max was often surprised at how out of breath he was at the end of the session. Marissa's pool faded from his mind and he laid his head back and rested while staring towards the Rec room door. Well, that was one of the best ones, and quick too. Max remembered that this very house had once been a stationary spot for boys of the Austin Academy Youth Soccer team. That had ended around 1992 when Marissa's family bought the property. What had these long-gone soccer youths thought about and done while living is this place? It was time to dry off. Max noted how soaked his skin was and the warmth of the zucchini. Sperm floated to the surface of the water. Whoa , did all that come out of my cock? Some of it he collected onto his fingers. It was for lubrication, dick cheese one could call it. To most pre-cum was the name, sex was made possible and even more fun. Max, you've got to stop thinking about this or you're going to do it again, right now. Fuck, I'm becoming a sex addict. He wiped off the zucchini and put it under his towel. Then he decided on something else. I'm not going to put my undies and boxers back on, I'm just going to walk around bare under my towel. Even though it was April he had an urge to try it for the first time ever. I'm a hot sexy boy, plus being a kid of heart and soul as Sharkboy put it. Sexy kids experiment and play with sexy stuff. For a moment he had that bittersweet feeling that often came after masturbation, the realization that the boy imagined in the dream wasn't real. Max was alone in this room in this quiet. Well, let's get back inside, it's boring. The last thing he did was admires his body. Guys like guys with nice bods, don't they? Max remembered Linus picking on an athletic skinny kid on the wrestling team . I wonder what it would be like to have sex with myself? Outside he considered going to the bus stop across the way and taking one on the route to his house. Instead he went back inside and called Dominoes to order a pizza. In the meantime, he felt the cold air around his butt, hips and crotch. It was a bit freaky yet there was also a cool tingling sensation from it. It gave him a feeling of being mighty. Whoa , maybe I'm getting goose bumps around my penis. Max paid for the pizza and he had finished half of it in fifteen minutes. Before adding on to his Dream Journal, Max stopped to make a new drawing of his Sharkboy. His cocky hero was a misfit kid like himself he always dreamed about. So much Max wanted to say to him beyond thanking him for getting through rough days. I'm not going to start with boys on corners, there are plenty of them at the school I actually go to. Still, Marissa sometimes flirted just for the fun of it. It would be simple enough to just say \"Hi\", ask for his name, say I've seen you around a lot. Max smiled to himself imagining a follow-up, By the way, I'm not wearing undies under my boxers. Cool or what? That would be way too much for an icebreaker. Most boys would be sort of grossed out rather than interested. But the few who would like it, they might be eager to know. Marissa had said to him once, \"Sometimes you gotta be coy, but sometimes you gotta approach a boy like a wolf coming in out of the night, attack and take him from end to end.\" Max had just gasped at that. Marissa continued, \"Wow, where did I get such a scary image from?\" Anyway, Max had had enough for today. Sharkboy had been on his mind months and he could always be added to the agenda later if that seemed that Max needed him. Max smiled as usual and said \"I love you\" as usual. He offered no expression indicating that he was anything to him beyond a friend. Now it was time to go home and study for that test he'd been avoiding. Max had been invited to Marissa's Spring Fling party. Last year they had been at someone's place in Austin and the annoying Linus had been around too. This time Taylor would surely be there. Max was a wallflower when it came to big parties; he was uncomfortable with large crowds of people he barely knew, and he usually wound up being more ignored at the end than he had arriving. What did awkward geeks call Spring Flings, Novice Nights? Resolutions for 2005? Talk to some boys, just see what happens. Talk to Taylor, just to build some backbone. I'm not going to flirt him, I'm not that kind of guy. Then he thought of a scene in an old cartoon. A little Max-like devil sat on his shoulder and said into his ear \" Go ahead, play with him, it will be so easy.\"[Chapter 3] LINUS: I slowy take my time waking up, chilling in the bed, eyes closed, the smells of the cute boy I love all around me, half dream, half real, memories of Max all over me in the softness of the blankets and the warm summer breeze. Then I quietly hear Max starting to run the shower and I think of him standing there, naked, waiting for the water to get hot... I yawn a bit more and listen to the water turn on and let out a sigh and my thoughts begin to play out to the scents of our skin all over the bed... The warm smells are amazing to me and I start to remember how we had fun last night, but still the sound of that water in the shower made me hard. I slowly open my eyes and take a deep breath, close my eyes again and now see Max under the hot shower, his glistening white, low cute humming, the dorky cuteness of his face and body... My mind's eye takes in all this and I find myself sub-consciously, by sheer will, palming my 11-year-old cock... I quietly wake up now and touch myself, but with purpose, my little naked body becoming more alive and excited... I slowly walk over to the bathroom and look in... The steam from the shower has risen and the clouds drift out the door crack, I'm eager to see inside... Behind the clear plastic curtain, I can just make out Max's body and he is so beautifully naked I can't control my cock's response, it fills and grows strong, my balls shrink tight and I know that I can't ignore the wants of either. I sneak through the steam like a Ninja and ever so quickly get into the shower behind Max... Max is lost in the fresh stream of water falling over his face and is totally unaware of me being there... Max arches his neck forward to let the water clean out his blonde hair. As he does that, I bring my horny hands around his back and cup Max's balls... He's startled and opens his eyes suddenly and gasps, but the feeling of my fingers grazing his nuts lulls Max just as the warm water wets us, our eyes closed, we both let out sighs. I smother the back of Max's neck with kisses, while caressing the shape of his cock and the combo begins to sweetly mix between Max's legs... I murmur his name as my breaths grow louder, \"Max, Max, Max, I want you so bad...\" And Max gives a \"Mmmmmmmmm\" in reply and his body falls back into me, the jut of my rock-hard dick rubs the sweet crack of his wet girl ass. I continue to stroke Max's dick and lick his neck, his shoulders, his ears, my moans growing with each new taste of Max. My tongue glides down Max's back in long hungry licks and he shudders when my mouth finds his beautiful cute cheeks... I push my lips all over them and with my hand I steal around to the front of Max and easily weigh his hard cock in my palm... Yeah, that's what I've wanted, his tasty little inflamed weeny awaiting the soft touch of my fingers... As I start to massage it, I let Max's butt cheeks spread and bury my face in his cute hole, licking the crack with hunger and eagerness, until my big tongue finally finds Max's tasty rose-bud... Max starts buckling and grabs onto the shower wall to keep his balance... All his thoughts are focused on my tongue bathing the hot virgin cave of his ass and the moves of my feather-soft fingers stroking his hot red cock. Max moans and it's loud because he hadn't breathed since I began to eat out his hole... Max moans again and my fingers find a rhythm and he's breathing out my name and pleading with me to go on... Max feels me behind him, in front of him, dominating him, his boy pussy is on fire with each new stroke, the hot water gushing over his shaking body, he grasps and squeezes with sharp pain. Inside Max the awesome rush begins to build, and I can almost hear it and I lick at his rosebud harder, fuck it with my tongue, as my hand grasps his adorable cock, my fingers continues to love his sweet meat... O God, it's almost here and Max fears falling when it hits me, but I trust my hand, Max puts all his faith in my tongue, and I give his dick one last awesome BJ... The orgasm wracks Max and he screams out in joy and I fuck his asshole again with my tongue as hard as I can and let my fingers slip into his leaking boy pussy and he's totally filled and cums again. His breaths are shouting over and out of the bathroom and he feel nothing but fantastic pleasure... - MAX'S SIDE: Oh, my sweet, damn Linus...picture my shock when I felt his hands upon my 11-year-old balls...I thought I was alone in the shower! What an awesome surprise! I'd woken early and softly kissed Linus mouth...pressed my face against his small chest...deciding then not to wake him after a very long night of discovering all his secret places...and him discovering mine. We'd fallen asleep tired and cum-covered, basking in the sweet afterglow of our nighttime passion, our hands leaving nothing untouched, our fantasies and bodies satisfied, yet still want more. It's hard for me to pull myself away, leaving Linus alone in the rumpled stinky sheets, pillows everywhere...and yeah, those awesome scents that only love can make. Still, I wanted Linus to sleep a bit longer while I got myself ready for whatever we wanted to do that summer day...and so, I crept out of the bed and into the bathroom for a hot shower. My mind was replaying the thrusts and moans, the kisses, the blow jobs...as the hot water splashed over my dirty skin...I was lost in my dreams, and when I felt Linus touch it was just part of the erotic play going on in my head...my body grew toasty inside at the thoughts I was having. As Linus mouth touched my neck and his tongue started softly licking, exploring...and oh, those sweet nibbles...became soft bites...I felt myself starting to melt...hot jets of pleasure stirring in my very wet cock...body tingling, begging, hoping...I realized that it wasn't fantasy...but Linus was really there! I felt Linus growing hardness pressing quick against me...oh, how I wanted him to enter me then, all I could do was moan...his name...\" Linus, please don't stop...please, please, oh shit, Linus please don't stop. Oh, that sexy mouth...tongue...mmmmmmmmmmm, oh fuck...yeah...\" The touch of your fingers on my cock, with the cool thrusts of your tongue in my wet cave...I forced myself not to give into the explosion that soon erupted from me. I was dazed...felt like I was in space...as your tongue constantly fucked my ass and your hand urgently pressed and rubbed my hard, tingling cock... I couldn't hold out any longer, and gave in to the coolest orgasm I'd ever had...thank God Linus arms were strong enough to hold me as my hot wet boy pussy, ass, dick...all of me shook with spasms of pure pleasure and I screamed out his name. It was almost too much to take as Linus fingers entered my very wet ass and I came again...\" Oh, Linus, Linus, Lin...ohhhhhhhhhh, Linus! Linus held me tight, still from behind as I got the strength to stand...and I turned around, pulling his mouth to mine...hungry...tasting the passionate meeting of our lips and tongues thrusting, enjoying each other's mouths. Now it is my turn to make him squirt...little shit, he tries to resist...thinking that he'll get away easily...wrong... he won't best me this time. My hands reached down to grasp Linus chubby hard cock...now it's him who's gasping sharply at my touch...I looked into Linus eyes as I knelt in front of him...the water splashing over us both...I hungrily took his yummy boyhood into my mouth. Linus shuddered as I took the entire length of his delicious hard cock all the way into my throat...my tongue teasing the bottom of the shaft...my hands reaching to grasp his tight balls and ass. Sliding you in and out of my mouth...tongue swirling around the tip...soft to start...deeper now...Linus straining member pulsed as I started to make deep guttural sounds. Hot feelings take over...and again we're lost in the awesomeness...both Linus and me...me in the giving, Linus in the taking. Linus fingers tangled in my wet blonde hair, pulling my head back a bit so that he can feel and see my lips and tongue... licking, tasting, sucking...Linus watched my excited smile grow as I taste the first few sweet droplets of pre-cum. I took my time with this...savoring Linus dirty hot sweetness...allowing his juices to cover my lips and my tongue. Linus hips found a rhythm...his hands held my head tight and he started to fuck my mouth. Gently at first...sweetly plunging and ruling my mouth...Linus cock went harder than it seemed possible...my moans and sighs along with my quivering body made his pleasure skyrocket...he tried to control himself, but Linus beautiful hot dick began pulsing and spasming until the bomb went off. Soon turned into rough, deep thrusts and Linus roared into my mouth...his cock chain-reacts and explodes, spilling his cum deep into my throat, cumming with an orgasm so amazing that I could hardly swallow all of the spurts of his delicious boy icing...ohhhhhhh fantastic, how sweet...how full I was of Linus. Linus pulled me up and into his small but strong arms, lifted me off of my feet...and led me out of the shower and we got dressed... ","Summary":" Max was pondering his boring lonely life one afternoon while relaxing in the comfort of his room, h"},{"Movie":"Valentine's Day, 2010","Title":"Who Knew","Author":"tedsweeranx","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10362964","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ed walked into the room where his other two friends were sitting. He threw his friend Jake a beer and his other friend Taylor, a diet coke. \"Um taylor can I ask you something?\" Ed asked Taylor with a hint of a nervous tone in his voice. \"Yeah..\" Taylor replied. \"Will you pretend to be my girlfriend?\" He finally spit out. Jake laughed. \"What?! For what?\" Taylor questioned. \"To get back at my bitchy ex.\" Ed replied. \"You're horrible.\" Taylor said. \"She fucking cheated on me she deserves it.\" Ed said. \"Well making her jealous is the immature thing to do\" Taylor replied. \"Yes or no.\" Ed asked again. \"Well I got nothing better to do at the moment.\" Taylor said rolling her eyes. \"You guys are dumb.\" Jake said heading out of the room. \"We really are\" Taylor said looking at Ed. \"Well…it's for a good cause\" Ed said. \"Good cause?\" Taylor repeated. \"Just come on\" Ed said pulling her out of the room. ","Summary":" Ed walked into the room where his other two friends were sitting. He threw his friend Jake a beer a"},{"Movie":"Valentine's Day, 2010","Title":"Secret's out","Author":"kurenohikari","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11857460","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Jackson, dude! Is good to have you back with us\" Ethan, a football player mate of mine, exclaimed happily, greeting me with a friendly pat on the back \"I am so glad that they decided to contact you back. That kid might be good on his feet, but knows nothing about being in a team\". A year had passed since San Valentine's day. A year since Holden and me made up and got back together. A year since my whole life turned upside down. My publicist is thrilled with all the fame I've gained lately. But still complained about all the time, behind my back so I wouldn't get even more stressed, about all the work she gets organizing my interviews, commercials and contract meetings. My manager has been on the clouds ever since my world wide confession and began making all kinds of plans for the future of my career. Luckily, until now, no one had any problem with my sexuality. I get some hate mail from time to time, but I am glad that they didn't try to hurt me by damaging my property or hurting the ones I love. I don't know what would I've done if someone ever tried to hurt Holden or my family and friends. My private life, on the other hand, was absolutely perfect. After some... well, a lot of passionate make up sex all over my... no, our condom we fall back into a relationship as if we had never fallen out of it. I did my best effort to make up for everything I made Holden suffer all these years. I took him out for fancy dates all the time, held his hand in public and kissed him, not caring how many people were watching. I'll admit that this new behavior wasn't exactly all for Holden, mostly it was for me and my fear of him finally discovering that I wasn't worth it and leaving me... again. I still collapse in relief each time I get home from working and find Holden wearing one of my shorts or sweaters, making food for both of us. My stomach still fills with butterflies each time he turns around to greet me with a huge smile, when he notices my presence. I still growl possessively each time he gives me a sweet peck on the lips before returning to his amazing cooking. I still hug him from behind, trapping him in an embrace of iron, nuzzling my face on the crook of his neck. Never ceasing to be amazed that this breathtaking perfect creature was mine and had forgiven me. My behavior didn't only affect me or only helped fixing my relationship. People all over the United States, especially adolescents, started confessing their sexuality. From gays to bisexual and from pansexual to asexual. Unafraid of being themselves. This, after getting back with Holden, was the best thing that I've got from my confession. I was so happy that I even started talking with Holden about beginning an organization together in favor of free sexuality, but still didn't decided anything. On the other hand, my working life brought a big surprise. My old team, the one that replaced me with a younger player, wanted me back. It hurt a bit that the decision only came after gaining a lot of fame (more than before), but I still accepted. I made this decision mostly because from all the teams I've been in my whole career, this one is my favorite. I am friends, not only play mates, with every player on the team. Also, I've stayed the longest time here. So coming back to play here made me almost as happy as getting back with Holden. Especially since no one bat an eye at my confession. \"Jackson!\" everyone cheered when I entered the dressing room. \"Hey man!\" Scott pat my back \"Afterwards we are going out to celebrate your returning to the team\" he told me I tried to suppress the blush of satisfaction from my face. If his knowing smirk was something to go with, I wasn't doing a great job \"Make sure that Holden comes too, 'cause we are bringing our ladies as well\". I didn't comment on how he referred to my boyfriend as a 'lady' and only nodded before starting to change. -Secret's out- Training went well and I had a lot of fun. After a shower and dressing, I only called my lover when I reached towards my car. \"Jackson this is not the best moment\" that was how I was greeted when Holden finally picked up. \"What is wrong?\" I asked him concerned. Did something happened to him? I thought worriedly. Please God not let it be a psychotic fan! \"A friend of mine is going through an important moment, it might be the most successful moment on her professional career or the most disappointing moment in her life\" he told me. From the strain in his voice I noticed that he held this friend close to the heart, and was very nervous of the result of the day. \"It's fine Holden\" I tried to calm him down \"I just wanted to tell you that the guys and me were going out tonight to celebrate my return to the team...\". \"That is amazing, even perfect!\" interrupted me Holden excitedly, making me very happy \"Then I won't feel bad for leaving you behind tonight\" and just like my happiness evaporated. \"What?\" I asked confused and a bit hurt, but tried to hid the last one. \"I will be going out to have dinner tonight with my friend and her family to celebrate her promotion or to be there because she didn't get it\" he explained to me happily, all the nervousness gone and unaware of my mental crisis. \"What?\" I repeated stupidly, not believing my ears. My boyfriend prefers to celebrate the success of a friend he had never mentioned to me, rather than celebrating my return to the team? \"Jackson, love, are you ok?\" he asked me concerned. I could have voiced my protests, my discomfort, but I couldn't, Not after all the times he swallowed his anger at my hiding, for years. I just couldn't complain for something as stupid as a dinner. \"Nothing, babe\" I answered him \"I am just tired from training, They worked my butt today and It's been a while since I've had such a harsh work out\" it was a small white lie that didn't hurt anyone. \"I wouldn't say that\" he replied coyly \"The last few weeks were... intense\" I could practically see his smirk and the mischief shinning in his eyes \"Don't push yourself to the limits\" he ordered me, all teasing gone and all concerned boyfriend now. \"Yes, sir\" I replied with a mock soldier voice. \"Bye, love. Have a good time tonight\" with that said he ended the phone call. I sighed sadly to myself, got on my car and then drove to our condom. -Secret's out- \"What do you mean by 'he won't make it'?\" exclaimed Lydia unhappily. Ethan's wife can sometimes be as noisy as her husband. \"He already had plans for tonight with his friend\" I replied curtly, making it clear that it was the end of the discussion. Luckily they followed my lead and dropped the issue, returning to their menus. We ordered our meals and spent the rest of the evening smoothly. Or at least I thought it went smoothly, until I heard a very familiar voice. \"I am going to the restroom\" announced Holden to the people gathered two tables to the left, and saw him walking my way towards the restroom \"Jackson?\" Holden exclaimed surprised. To my relief it was an exclamation of good surprise not bad one \"I didn't know you were having dinner here? What a coincidence\". He flashed me a big smile, showing me his white teeth and his charming dimples. Blue eyes shining with happiness from seeing me again. Something I never thought I'd have back. \"Holden?\" Melissa, Scott's wife, jumped on him and dragged him into a bear hug \"Why didn't you assist to the dinner? I missed you\" she pouted. Sometimes I wonder why I thought that my circle of friends would shun me for dating Holden. They were all enchanted with him. I should have known that they would fall for him, everyone loves Holden. \"I am here with a friend. She got promoted to Major\" answered Holden with a sheepish expression, but I could see the hurt and question lingering on his eyes as he looked at me. \"A major? I didn't know you had contacts in the army\" Jacob, a play mate of mine, commented impressed. \"Only her\" he replied \"Well, if you excuse me I'll be heading to the restroom\" he told us before walking away. \"Do you know daddy?\" for a second I thought that someone else was being asked that. That my heart was still whole and didn't break into pieces with those simple words, said in such an innocent and sweet tone. However, my luck wasn't suck. I looked down at my left, locking gazes with a pair of big hazel eyes and asked: \"What?\" \"Edison!\" a gorgeous woman exclaimed, appearing behind the little boy \"How many times have I told you to not wander by yourself? It could be dangerous. Next time at least tell someone!\" she looked like a scary bear mom, ready to kill someone in order to protect the ones she loves \"I am really sorry for the bother\" she apologized to us. I should have said something cool, flash my typical winning smirk... but I couldn't. Not when I was facing the love of my life ex-lover and mother of his child. A son Holden had never mentioned before. Did he thought I'd make such an awful father? Or did he think that we wouldn't last long? is he ashamed of me? Impossible! He was the one that bugged me so much to go out on public. Luckily my best friend, Isaac, saved me from answering and stopped my train of thoughts in the meanwhile \"It's ok\" he told the despiteful (at least for me) woman \"So... he is your son?\" he asked plainly looking for answers. \"Yes\" she replied shortly, not giving out anything \"Wait a minute... aren't you the famous football player that Holden is...\" she stopped in mid-sentence, finally understanding the tension in the atmosphere \"Edy, sweetheart, go with grandpa and grandma, ok?\" she told the kid softly \"I need to talk with Hol... your father's friends\". Hearing it crystal clear from an adult's mouth crashed my heart again. \"Ok, mommy\" he said, before rushing to another table. After making sure that her son was safe, in his grandparents arms, she turned to face us. Seriousness clearly written on her face. \"First of all Holden is not Edison's biological father or adopted one, for the matter\" her words brought such a relief that if I were standing, I would have collapsed on the chair \"Holden was the first male that I brought home. The only male figure that Edison had, aside from his grandfather, since his father died when he was just a baby. So when Holden came into the picture he made up his mind of the role my friend had in the family, even if Holden was just a very good friend to me Edison won't hear to reason\" she explained to us sadly \"We once tried to talk about it, but that only ended up in tears\" she looked at me apolitically \"I am sorry for the misunderstanding\": \"Don't worry\" I replied once I finally found my voice. The knot on my throat had gone away and I was able to breathe again \"So, what is the plan? How will you make little Edison understand?\". She didn't drift her gaze from mine, but I could see the guilt starting to creep in her eyes. \"The plan is not to\" a voice from behind me replied, and just like that the knot came back \"I was going to talk to you about it at home tomorrow, but I guess it has to be here and now\" Holden ordered a couple more of chairs and they joined the table. From the corner of my eyes I could see that everyone was attentive to what was happening. My friends looked at me with concern and pity, but I could see the same desire of knowing what was happening next, as their wives and girlfriends. I felt like a character in a soap opera. \"I am in the army\" began explaining the woman \"Now that I am a Major I can stay more time at home, but I'll still leave Edison alone for long periods of time\" ( At least Holden didn't lie on that, I thought ) \" And I can't ask for my parents to keep on raising my son\". \"That is where I enter\" continued Holden, and I hated how in synchrony they were \"Giving the clear attachment that Edison has on me, we talked about me taking care of him while Kate is away\" he took my hand and squeeze it in comfort \"But I didn't decided anything yet, not until I discuss it with you\" he told me, trying to reassure me that he took me into consideration \"I will accept anything that makes you comfortable, because we are a couple and we make decisions together\". \"I... I need time to think about it\" I told him \"You have all the time of the world\" he promised me. I sighed and looked at my now cold steak, thinking: What did I get myself into? -Secret's out- \"Jackson, talk to me love. Please!\" Holden practically begged me. A month had passed since the eventful dinner, and I've never been more conflicted in my life, I barely spoke to my boyfriend, minus the usual greeting and kiss goodbye. I drowned myself on training, making my coach very happy but my colleagues worried. I just couldn't handle it all. Coming out, my new contract and Edison's maybe-maybe not adoption. \"What do you want me to say?\" I asked him tiredly with a small sigh. \"Anything!\" he replied. The desperation in his voice made me flinch and grimace in guilt for making him sad, after promising not to \"tell me that you don't hate me. That you forgive me for getting so close to another person's son and not telling you until it was too late\" by now he was trying to muffle his sobs unsuccessfully, and tears were running through his cheeks \"Tell me that you still love me!\" he begged me. \"Of course I love you!\" I exclaimed astonished and hurt that he would think otherwise \"It's just... too much in so little time. I just got back to my favorite team, after a year of playing in its rival. And to add the cherry to the desert, during my celebration dinner I found out that you have a son!\" I ended up screaming. Then I cursed under my breath when I saw Holden wince at my tone of voice \"Sorry. It is no excuse to shout at you, but... it is too much\". \"I understand\" he told me softly \"But trust me when I told you that I didn't plan it\". \"Always I replied without a second thought \"I always trust you\". \"Good... Do you forgive me?\" he asked me. I kicked myself for causing him so much pain that he ended up sounding so vulnerable. \"There is nothing to forgive\" I told him honestly \"You just were your amazing self like always\". He flashed me a huge smile and jumped on my arms. I fed on his warmth as a starving man \"Thank you\" he murmured against my neck. \"No, thank you babe\" I whispered back and finally made a decision \"I accept\" I told him, feeling how he went still in my arms \"I want to try to be Edison's second family. It is time for us to take the next step\". \"Really?\" he asked me, excitement clear on his face. I just nodded my head and tried not to fall backwards when he attacked me with kisses. Later that night, after some steaming hot sex, I would lay on my bed with the love of my life secure in my arms and ask myself: Why did this gave it so much thought? But for right now I'll just enjoy Holden, because life it's good. ","Summary":" \"Jackson, dude! Is good to have you back with us\" Ethan, a football player mate of mine, exclaime"},{"Movie":"Valentine's Day, 2010","Title":"Messed Up Love Story - Chapter 1 - Taylor Swift and Brendon Urie","Author":"LouiseJaneee","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9016414","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It was 2009 when Taylor met Brendon Urie and Ryan Ross and straight away Brendon fell for Taylor, how couldn't he? She was gorgeous, funny, sweet, caring and perfect for him, he loved the way her blue eyes shined, the way her red lips looked like roses and the way she laughed, he could sit and listen to her laugh all day. They spent weeks together, the three of them, walking around the streets of New York, going out for meals, spending evenings together laughing in each others hotel rooms and just enjoying each others company, but more and more Brendon was falling in love with her. Every time he saw her, and any chance he got, he would just stare at her, her gorgeous face, everything she said, he took in, clinging onto every word, not letting them go. Brendon wasn't one to share his feelings without talking to his friends first, incase they knew anything he didn't and he didn't want to be made a fool of, so he spoke to the person he trusted the most, he decided to speak to Ryan about it one day, when they were about to go on stage for rehearsals, he pulled him aside and thinking about everything carefully before he spoke: \"Listen man, I really like Taylor, since the minute I saw her I've been falling more and more in love with her, I love being around her and I think I should tell her, what do you think I should do?!\" Brendon prepared himself for Ryan's answer, but before Ryan could answer they were pulled on stage, they didn't get to speak about it again. That night the three of them were supposed to meet up for a meal, but when Brendon turned up at the restaurant, neither Ryan nor Taylor were anywhere to be seen, he headed back to his hotel room, checking everything, time, restaurant booking, date, he was sure everything was right, so why weren't they there? He brushed it off as him not paying attention and went to sleep, thinking about Taylor and how he could tell her how he felt. The following day Brendon was on his way to breakfast when he bumped into Ryan and Taylor walking down the corridor, they seemed to be holding hands, his heard immediately sunk, he knew what was coming, but confused, he asked them where they were last night and Ryan simply replied, \"Didn't you get my text? We changed the restaurant at the last minute, we thought you knew, anyway man we have some good news, me and Taylor are a thing now.\" \"Oh.. right, I - I didn't know, hey man that's great, congrats.\" He brushed past them and went back into his hotel room where he sat on the edge of the bed, and let the anger build up. Brendon didn't know what to say, the person he trusted the most, the only person that knew how he felt about Taylor, had gone and asked her out with full intention of hurting Brendon. More and more anger built up, so much that Brendon couldn't stand it, so he grabbed his guitar and played it as loud as he could, he didn't care about the people in the rooms next door, he didn't care how hard he was strumming the strings, all he wanted to do, was smash everything in sight. Brendon put his guitar down, and for the first time in years, he cried, he cried over a girl, he cried over his best friend betraying him, he cried over everything he could think of. He cried because he was so head over heels in love with her and there wasn't a single thing he could do about it. He stopped hanging around with them and eventually stopped speaking to them both, because the pain was just too strong for him to even be near Taylor without wanting to say how he felt, and without wanting to hurt Ryan for what he did, but he knew he couldn't, because he wasn't that type of person, he couldn't hurt his best friend, even if he hurt him. ","Summary":" It was 2009 when Taylor met Brendon Urie and Ryan Ross and straight away Brendon fell for Taylor, h"},{"Movie":"Valentine's Day, 2010","Title":"Amnesia","Author":"Etheria27","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8078273","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Amnesia By: KellyCRocker59 The hot chocolate was just the right temperature. Holden touched the mug to his lips, allowing just a bit to touch his tongue. He swallowed and sighed with content, walking over to take a seat on his favorite chair, overstuffed cushions fitting around his body and causing him to loosen his muscles. A single lamp tinted the room in a soft glow on the calm winter evening. It had been snowing all day, stopping just moments ago. It was all the excuse Holden needed to not go out on a Friday night, instead choosing to spend a few hours with his DVR. As he reached for the remote, he lurched at the banging on his apartment door. Cursing the burn of hot chocolate on his white t-shirt, he stood and hurried over, hearing the pounding again. He set it mug down on the counter before opening the door. A large man leaned against the doorframe, eyes half-lidded as his lips turned into a smile. He was dressed in a flannel and jeans, and the stench of alcohol on his clothes alluded to his busy night. \"Sean, what are you doing here?\" Holden questioned in a hushed tone, walking out and closing the door behind him. Sean's hands planted on either side of his head. \"I just wanted to see you.\" Sean said, voice carrying down the hall. \"You need to go.\" Holden replied, looking up and down the corridor to see if anyone had stirred. It remained silent. \"But Holden, I miss you!\" Sean whined, sounding odd with his deep voice. It boomed, and Holden could practically feel it ricochet off the walls. \"Sean, just…\" He looked up and down the hallway again before turning and pushing his door open, grabbing Sean's arm and pulling him inside. He closed the door and turned to Sean, standing with a bit of a slouch, that dumb grin still on his face. It turned Holden's stomach, seeing him here in his apartment after two months of not speaking, of not seeing him. \"What do you want, Sean?\" Holden asked, walking over to the counter and putting his mug in the sink. It was doubtful he'd be getting any time to drink it. He found arms against his hips then, and he turned on his heel to see Sean there, nearly close enough to have their bodies pressing together, Holden's back against the edge of the counter. \"You're so sexy.\" Sean mumbled, leaning forward. Holden turned his face so the other man's lips met his cheek, the smell of beer and maybe whiskey permeating from his mouth. Sean trailed kisses along his jaw, and Holden fought the gasp that formed in his throat when the other man found his neck, hands fisting in Sean's flannel and pushing him away. The lust in Sean's eyes made Holden's mind hazy, but he gathered his thoughts, clearing his throat. \"No. We're not doing this.\" Sean looked like a kicked puppy then. \"But…why not?\" \"Because we aren't together anymore.\" \"But…why not?\" Sean asked. \"Because…things are complicated. Too complicated to explain right now.\" \"But I wouldn't ever break up with you. You're…\" Sean couldn't seem to finish his sentence, and Holden dipped out of his grasp and grabbed Sean's arm again, guiding him over to the couch. \"Sit down.\" Holden ordered, giving Sean a nudge. The football player, normally a wall of strength, collapsed with the aide of his intoxication. Holden walked over to the kitchen and got a glass of water. \"Come sit with me!\" Sean demanded, still in that slightly slurred way. Holden walked back over to him, handing him the glass. \"Drink.\" \"Only if you sit with me.\" Sean said, crossing his arms. Holden sighed, taking a seat beside him. Sean immediately leaned into him, heat radiating off his large frame. Holden handed him the glass and Sean took it, gulping it down. He set it at his feet with surprising skill before turning to Holden. The other man was a bit caught off guard by the more serious expression Sean was wearing now. \"I wanna…I want to be with you, Holden.\" Holden smiled just a little, unable to help himself or stop the feelings that hadn't yet been buried from rising up again. He put a hand on Sean's arm. \"I know, Sean. It's not enough.\" \"But, we should be together! It's just…I don't know, it's just how it's supposed to be. I just have this feeling that you're made for me.\" Holden nodded. There was the pain, sharp in his chest. \"I know. I feel the same way.\" \"Then what's stopping us from being together?\" \"People. A lot of people.\" \"Well fuck them! I want you. That's really simple.\" Sean was practically on top of Holden as he spoke, and Holden offered a soft smile as the lines of Sean's face creased. He placed a hand on the side of his face, thumb rubbing his cheek. The frustration in Sean's eyes resigned to a bit of peace, distorted by the alcohol. It was so hard not to kiss him then, to pretend like it was just them on his couch, no reality trapping them behind these walls. \"You're a good man, Sean. Maybe sometime, someday, we can be together again.\" \"But you should be with me.\" Sean whispered, and Holden bit his lip at the desperation in the other man's voice, so fragile and breakable. \"I know. Now come on; you need to lay down and sleep this off.\" Holden stood and Sean rolled down onto the bed, mostly due to a complete lack of motor skills. Holden grabbed the empty glass on the floor and placed it on the counter. Moments ago he had been so full of energy and now here he was, emotionally extinguished. He eyed the clock and found it was already one in the morning. He walked back over to Sean, who was lying in what looked to be the most uncomfortable position on the couch. \"I'm going to go to bed, okay Sean?\" Sean's face lit up at the words. \"Can I come with you?\" \"I think it'd be best if you stayed here.\" Holden replied, hating the way Sean's expression crumbled. Holden grabbed a blanket and laid it over Sean, who wrapped it around his body. Holden knelt beside him and smoothed out his hair. \"You should be with me.\" Sean repeated. \"Maybe in another life.\" Holden answered, nearly choking on the words. He stood and clicked off the lamp, heading into his bedroom. He stripped himself of his stained shirt and sweat pants and got into bed. It was a bit too cold and far too spacious for one person, but he steeled himself and closed his eyes, trying to allow the emotional upheaval to grant him sleep. But just as he was feeling himself slipping, there was a light knock on his door. He sat up and found the silhouette of Sean, looking so big and yet so vulnerable. \"I couldn't sleep. Can I…Holden, just once?\" His slurring was mostly gone. Against all of the voices screaming in his head, Holden nodded. \"Yeah, Sean.\" Sean walked over and climbed into bed beside Holden, who scooted over. At first they both just laid there, but then Sean's hand found its way to Holden's arm, and Holden leaned into it. Then Sean's arm was around Holden's stomach, pulling his back against his chest. Holden let out a breath as he felt Sean's heartbeat there against him. It was comforting and familiar, and he found himself drifting to sleep, fingers grazing Sean's arm around him. Tomorrow he knew he'd regret this. He knew Sean would leave and they wouldn't speak and all the problems would be there, separating them the same way they had for two months. Sean couldn't commit the way Holden needed him to and Holden couldn't let go of things that Sean considered insignificant. So they'd take this moment and they'd cling to it, because it was all they had left. ","Summary":" Amnesia By: KellyCRocker59 The hot chocolate was just the right temperature. Holden touched the mug"},{"Movie":"Valentine's Day, 2010","Title":"Lifetime","Author":"Etheria27","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8304341","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Lifetime By: KellyCRocker59 A/N: I'm still focusing most of my efforts on 'You Get Me Through', my 90210 Teddy/Ian story, but this hit me the other night and I had to write it. He's sitting at his desk. He rubs his temples with his thumbs, trying to alleviate the stress that he's allowed to manifest inside of him. He realizes that no amount of self-massaging is going to make any difference, so he stands and goes into the kitchen. He brews a cup of coffee beneath the modest light of the counter. It's too early in the morning for this, even for him, a self-declared morning person. He pours enough vanilla CoffeeMate in the cup to change it to the honey tinge that he enjoys, and he sits down at the dining room table now, sipping it. He looks out across the beach. It's at that time of the morning when it's technically morning, but the moon would say otherwise, glimmering in the sky. He sighs, setting his head down on the table. Normally, he's ready for training season. Usually, he jumps at the chance to be back around his teammates, the guys that really get him because they get the sport. But he doesn't feel prepared. Paula is breathing down his neck about publicity, about getting his name out there for MVP consideration. But that's not him, and he realizes it in the non-night, not-quite morning, because he'll be damned if he has an epiphany at a convenient time. He just wants to play football. But it isn't that easy, not when you go pro, and certainly not when you're actually good at it. He hates that this is his life now. He briefly considers if firing Paula would provide a solution, but he sighs and takes another sip of his coffee. It will only put her out of work and mean more hours wasted searching for an agent who would invariably be worse at their job. Paula's crazy, but necessary. So how did he go about playing football but staying out of the public spotlight? How did he just do his job and then go home? \"Hey, cutie. What are you doing awake at the Devil's Hour?\" He looks up, stunned out of his inner turmoil. Holden, the man he had been sharing his bed with for the past month and a half, is standing there at the other end of the dining room table, rubbing his eyes. He's cast in the soft glow of the kitchen light that Sean had forgotten to turn off, and he's dressed in one of Sean's old college hoodies. It wipes away every train of thought that had been bustling through Sean's mind. Holden walks closer, around the side of the dining room table until he's standing beside Sean awkwardly. \"I…couldn't sleep.\" Sean replies, focusing down on his mug, because there's something in the air, something that's filling his chest and he doesn't understand what it is. \"Well, I would ask you to come back to bed, but there's no way you're getting any sleep after downing a cup of coffee. So…\" Holden trails off, and then he pulls the chair beside Sean out from under the table and plops down. \"What are you doing?\" Sean asks, raising an eyebrow as Holden adjusts comfortably in the seat. \"We're going to talk about what's keeping you up at night. And I know it's not the sex, because that should have you so wiped out you can't wake up, not the other way around.\" \"You don't have to do this.\" Sean mumbles, fumbling with his mug, empty now. \"Do what?\" Holden asks, grabbing the mug from Sean and trying to hold his gaze. \"I don't know, listen and… care , I guess.\" He replies. Holden sighs. \"We're dating, aren't we Sean?\" \"I mean, yeah I've taken you out to dinner and I call you and we hang out here and we…well, we have sex so…\" \"So yes, by the dysfunctional way forced upon us by your occupation, we are dating. So that means I'm not sticking around for the sex. I'm sticking around for you. Because I care about you. Why are you acting like this? It's very out of character, Mr. Macho.\" Sean shrugs. \"I guess I just don't want to weigh you down with my problems.\" Holden sighs, and now he grabs Sean's hand, running his thumb over the back of it. Sean looks at him, into his eyes, and he realizes he can get lost in them, in their warmth. \"That's what you're allowed to do when you're with someone, Sean. It's what you're supposed to do.\" He nods, because of course Holden's right. He doesn't know what it is about now that has him so unfocused. He's normally perfectly fine around Holden, normally in charge of the situation, even. He eyes his hoody, hanging off of Holden's body. That may have something to do with it. He licks his lips, and Holden swallows. \"So…are we talking about this, or what?\" Holden prompts. So Sean talks about it. All of it. The stress, the frustration, the indecision: all of it that comes with his job. And Holden listens. When he's done, Holden sits there and just studies him. Finally, just as Sean is becoming unnerved, he speaks. \"You're going through an identity crisis.\" \"What do you mean?\" Sean questions. It isn't the answer he expects. \"You've always wanted to keep things private. You've always wanted to play football, or at least I'm assuming since you were old enough to care about your future. It's just that now you're starting to realize that you can't have it both ways, and that's bothering you.\" Sean nods. Yeah, that sounds about right. \"There's something that happened in your life that caused it, I'm sure…\" Sean studies Holden's hand in his, their fingers wound through one another's. He swallows the lump in his throat. \"…but it doesn't really matter what that is. What matters is that you figure out what you care about more: your privacy, or football?\" Sean shakes his head. \"I guess that's what I'm having trouble with.\" Holden nods. \"I understand. It'll take some time to figure out, but you'll figure it out, I'm sure. The good thing is that the media doesn't seem to pry too much into anyone's personal life until they think the person has something to hide.\" Holden falters as that last sentence ends, and Sean realizes why. He realizes that Holden is thinking of himself. But Sean squeezes his hand, and Holden is smiling at him again. \"Let's go back to bed.\" \"You sure? I mean, I can stay and talk for hours.\" Holden replies. It makes Sean smile. \"Yeah, I'm sure. I'm tired.\" They head back upstairs to Sean's bedroom, and Holden removes himself from Sean's hoody before they tangle together in the sheets. \"Hey, babe?\" Sean begins. \"Yeah?\" Holden asks, rolling over to face him. \"Thanks for that.\" He says. Holden smiles, and it's outlined perfectly in the moonlight, shimmering dimly into the bedroom. \"Anytime, hot stuff.\" He presses a quick kiss to Sean's lips before rolling back over. Sean feels an explosion of energy inside his chest, and then he wraps an arm back around Holden, pressing the other man's back to his chest. Flashes of years down the road in this same position dance behind Sean's eyes before he falls asleep. ","Summary":" Lifetime By: KellyCRocker59 A/N: I'm still focusing most of my efforts on 'You Get Me Through', my "},{"Movie":"Valentine's Day, 2010","Title":"Twenty Years","Author":"Etheria27","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7802798","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Twenty Years By: KellyCRocker59 I've been holding onto this one for a while. Sorry for not posting it sooner. Enjoy! \"Make a wish!\" \"I'm a little old for that, aren't I Holden?\" \"Oh c'mon Dad, just do it!\" Sean blew out the candles to the cheers of a crowded room. He closed his eyes for a moment, the sound bottoming out as he drew upon his greatest desire. He was caught a bit off guard by what he found, but blinked a few times and looked around the room with a grin. \"Happy birthday, Sean.\" Holden said, leaning down and pressing a kiss to his lips. Hollers and catcalls filled the room as Sean grabbed the back of his neck and deepened it. \"Oh come on, guys!\" Sean pulled back and gave his youngest daughter a rueful smile. \"You're just jealous.\" Sophia snorted and crossed her arms, but he could see the glint of playfulness in her eyes. The cake was cut, and everyone in the room milled about, each person taking a moment to talk to Sean. He couldn't help but be amused as retired football players navigated past businessmen and talked with yoga-enthusiasts. Only in their house would such a marriage take place. Sean took a moment to stand out on the back porch, looking out at the beach and making steady progress on a beer. \"So what's it like, being fifty?\" He turned around and smiled. Kara. \"Hey, beautiful! How have you been?\" He asked, hugging her. She smiled, setting her glass of water on the wood rail and turning to lean her back against it. \"You know, staying busy.\" \"Yeah?\" He asked, leaning on the rail beside her, watching the people milling about inside. \"Kelvin and I are still together. I think he wants kids, but I'm just not so sure.\" \"You should really think about it. They're pretty great.\" Sean replied, eyeing his son flirting with one of his older daughter's friends. \"Oh, so says Mr. Family Man.\" She said. \"I think anyone can want kids. There's just something about knowing that there is this person that's always going to be a part of your life, that you can love and take care of forever.\" \"Isn't that who Holden is?\" She asked. He spotted his husband, talking to one of the business friends he had invited. Holden caught him looking, and offered a smile that made his stomach knot. \"It's a different kind of bond. You'll figure it out, one day.\" \"Oh, so wise you are, Mr. Jackson.\" She joked, nudging him with her shoulder. He smiled and eyed the ground, letting the conversation fall. \"So how is it? Being with someone as long as you've been with Holden?\" He shrugged. \"It doesn't feel any different from the first date, or when we moved in together. Every time I see him, I just…\" Her laugh caught him by surprise. \"I never pictured you as such a romantic, Sean.\" She explained. He gave a half-smile. \"I just love him, you know?\" \"Yeah, I know.\" She replied, the laughter fading from her voice. XxX Everyone was out of the house by that night. Even their kids had fled the house, opting to spend the night with friends. Sean would have liked to think that his plans with Holden weren't so obvious, but he couldn't seem to mind. Not right now. Their bodies moved in sync, clothes long forgotten. Sean couldn't help but feel like the moon on Holden made him look like some sort of angel, lying beneath him, moving against his every touch. He didn't last too long; his stamina was never that great with Holden. When he collapsed on top of him, Holden's hands brushed through his hair, massaging his scalp. He felt his muscles relax, his breath steadying as Holden kissed his temple. \"Happy birthday.\" He smiled to himself and rolled over. Holden moved with him, turning onto his side. Sean turned and wrapped him up in his embrace. Holden kissed his chest, and Sean buried his nose in his hair. \"Thank you.\" \"Oh trust me, it was fun for me too.\" Sean laughed. \"No, I meant…I don't know, actually. I guess for everything.\" \"What?\" It was muffled against his chest, breath spreading over his skin. \"For staying by me. For coming back when I thought you had left for good. For growing to want kids because I wanted kids, and for loving them as much as I do. For marrying me. For being with me, forever.\" \"What's gotten into you? Aren't I the one usually getting all sentimental?\" Sean laughed. \"I guess it's just age.\" \"Must be. Either way, you're welcome. And you know, thanks for everything you've done for me, too.\" \"I love you, Holden Wilson.\" \"I love you too, Sean Jackson.\" ","Summary":" Twenty Years By: KellyCRocker59 I've been holding onto this one for a while. Sorry for not posting "},{"Movie":"Valentine's Day, 2010","Title":"House","Author":"Etheria27","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7845171","Passage":"[Chapter 1] House By: KellyCRocker59 Sorry it's been so long! I've been holding onto this one for a while, but just completely forgot to post it. Enjoy! A light breeze had settled into that spring afternoon. The sky was clear, a smattering of clouds above large and healthy. Several women practiced yoga on the beach, and from the porch, a light sheen of sweat glistened from their skin. He watched the curve of their backs, the stretch of their sun kissed limbs, unaffected. Sean sighed, taking a sip of his coffee and leaning back in his chair, tilting his chin toward the sky and closing his eyes. Too many preoccupations plagued his mind. Where was the strength he had so often wielded, the courage that granted him fearlessness? This shouldn't be so difficult. He fought a twitch as hands came to his shoulders, massaging the bare skin. He melted into it, not bothering to open his eyes as another's breath spread across his face. It wasn't until a figure blocked the sun that he opened his eyes. He grinned up at the other man, smiling down at him. \"Hey, babe.\" He greeted. \"Hey.\" Holden replied, bending down. Sean ran his fingertips along the other man's jaw as he kissed him. Holden pulled away, still upside down. \"Your friendship with morning still eludes me.\" He said, taking a seat in the chair next to Sean. The other man felt a warmth spread through his chest as he noticed Holden wearing one of his college shirts, perfectly too big on him. \"It's nice out here. Thought I'd enjoy it for a little bit.\" Holden nodded, leaning back as Sean had done earlier, reclining in the chair. \"We're going out tonight, right?\" \"Yeah. Reservations at that Italian place you love.\" Sean felt satisfaction as Holden smiled. \"Good. I could go for a big bowl of pasta and some garlic bread.\" \"You and me both.\" XxX That night, Sean situated his tie in the mirror, attempting to calm the fluttering in his stomach. He let out a sigh, pressing a hand to his jacket. \"You ready?\" Holden asked from the living room. \"Yeah, just a sec.\" Sean replied, going to his sock drawer and retrieving one final item. XxX It still amazed Sean how easy it was to talk with Holden. He observed the way the other man's eyes lit up when he discussed his work, the way he warmly addressed their waitress, and the way he would touch Sean's hand when he agreed with something he said. He was thankful for how Holden could keep up with him when eating as well. They went through three baskets of bread, and when their meal arrived, they managed to talk and yet still eat at a record pace. \"I'm stuffed .\" Holden groaned, leaning back in his chair. \"I could go for some more bread.\" Sean replied, leaning his elbows against the table. \"Well duh. I could always eat more bread. It's the Italian in me, I say.\" Sean chuckled, putting his card with the bill. \"I just want to curl up on the couch now.\" \"Not so fast, Holden Wilson. We have one more stop.\" XxX \"Where are we going?\" \"We're almost there.\" \"Really, Sean, I have no idea where we are. If you get in a wreck and knocked unconscious, what am I going to tell 911?\" \"GPS phone tracking, grandpa.\" Sean remarked, and Holden pushed his shoulder lightly. \"Whatever. I'm not a big fan of surprises.\" \"Trust me, I know. Christmas is always hell for you.\" \"It's just a bit ridiculous, I mean…\" \"We're here.\" Sean cut the engine and they got out of the truck. He walked to the front of the vehicle, turning back to Holden and stretching out his hand. Holden took it, his brow furrowed in the night. \"C'mon. It's not far of a walk from here.\" He led them over some rocky terrain, taking care to step down and helping Holden. The other man could hardly navigate a sidewalk in the daylight; there was no way Sean trusted him to his own devices here. He led them down another stretch of rocks, and when he felt sand beneath his shoes, he knew they were here. Holden's hand tightened in his as Sean grinned at the scene before them. They stood in an alcove of sand surrounded by a small cliff, the ocean stretching out before them. The moon cast a bright glow across the liquid surface, and when Sean turned to Holden, the other man was studying it, jaw slack. \"Whenever…well, whenever you were gone two years ago, I kind of stumbled across this place. It helped me sort through a lot of feelings, and I'd like to think it contributed to why we're here now, together.\" \"It's beautiful, Sean.\" \"I know. But, that's not really why I brought you here. Well, it is, but it's more than that.\" And as his stomach began to seize and his heart felt like it was palpitating, he dropped to one knee. Holden looked down at him like he had been hit in the head with a saucepan. \"I love you, Holden. Everything little detail, every follicle in hair on you body, every word you whisper when you think I'm asleep. I memorize the way you say my name, the way your breath feels against my chest when you sleep. I love the way you talk about your work and the way you radiate joy to everyone and the way you can never seem to put your needs before others. I love you, Holden Wilson, and that's why I'm asking you: will you marry me?\" He couldn't quite tell what was going on in Holden's head. He knee had sunk into the sand, and all that was between them was the box with the ring that he held, presenting it to the other man. And then a smile spread across Holden's face, and he felt his heart hammering in his chest. \"Get up here.\" He ordered, and Sean scrambled to his feet, just to have Holden fling his arms around the other man's neck. \"Of course. Of course I'll marry you, Sean Jackson.\" He said against his neck, and Sean wrapped his arms around Holden. \"I love you, Sean.\" Sean pulled back with a smile, and offered up the ring to Holden. Holden took it and slid it onto his finger, studying it briefly with a smile before practically jumping on Sean, kissing him with his arms around his neck. Sean knelt down and Holden went with him. Sand slid into his suit and down his shirt. His hands held Holden's face, and he felt like bigger than his body. It was all as it was supposed to be. ","Summary":" House By: KellyCRocker59 Sorry it's been so long! I've been holding onto this one for a while, but "},{"Movie":"Valentine's Day, 2010","Title":"Let's Not Cause Any Pain","Author":"LishaBaby","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8998764","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I don't own VALENTINE'S DAY (2010). I wrote this listen to some Smooth Jazz, Pussycat Dolls Bottle Pop and Buttons, and Rihanna Love Song and Jump, Maroon 5 The Way You Look Tonight, Michael Buble You're Nobody Until Somebody Loves You and Feeling Good, Drake Thank Me Now Summary: What if Sean and Holden didn't break up. Would Sean come out of the closet? Could Holden take the hiding? Would the two of them last? Let's find out. *~~HOLDEN~~* Holden was sick and tired of it. He didn't think he could go on with the relationship any longer. Looking around at Sean's condo he remembered all the magic times they shared. The home cooked romantic dinners. The 'My flight just got in and now I'm home to you' nights. The I just had a long day nights. The I just had the best day nights. And he can't forget the \"We don't have to work tomorrow\" nights. He can't forget those. The wonderful morning's with breakfast in bed and morning cuddles and the sweet ' just because I love you' morning kisses and 'just woke up next to you' sex and 'I love you' sex and shower sex and the 'Hey your still loose and I'm horny sex'. This place was his home with Sean for the past 3 years. Where they could both just get away from the problems in the world and be together. He loved Sean. He really, truly loved him more than anyone else in the world. He loved how it was love at first sight for both of them. He loved how Sean was risking his career to be with him. And he loved how just seeing those eyes or kissing those lips made him feel like he was king of the world. He loved how he could have the worst day ever and seeing Sean made it all better (and he knew it was the same for Sean no matter how much he wouldn't admit he was just as big a sap.) He loved how after a month of dating they were practically living together. He loved how Sean finally got so tired of having to leave each other every morning after waking up he just asked (more like told) Holden to move in. He loved how both him and Sean weren't just a stereotypical homosexual couple. They were both just normal guys who happened to love each other. They weren't flamboyant or fashion loving or any other gay guy stereotype they were just them. Being with each didn't change that. That was the part that Holden didn't understand. They wouldn't change by coming out with their relationship. He just wished Sean could see that. He understood him really. Before he came out he was scared of everyone's reaction. But he couldn't hide from the world forever so he just decided to let it all be out there. He hasn't regretted his decision once since he did. Once everyone in his family stopped treating him like a girl or stereotype he's been just fine. Except when his sister brings home a new boyfriend, who treats him like their in prison and Holden's about to take his virgin ass, only then is it awkward. He's been out the closet for 10 years and he can't go back in. Not even for love. He might love Sean and think they're meant to be together for the rest of their lives but, hiding in the closet wasn't something he was willing to do. Even though just looking at his eyes and seeing his smile was worth it. And waking up to see his sleeping peaceful face made him feel like the sun rose just for that reason . To give him that truly magical sight . And the sex was the best he'd ever had. And he couldn't even imagine his life without Sean. And they had been together for 3 long, wonderful years. (The best years of his life.) Maybe they could work this out. *~~SEAN~~* The Super Bowl was coming up. His way to get his 6 championship match and 4th Super Bowl ring. It was all practice, practice, practice 'till you drop for the team. It was amazing he could remember that Holden lived with him and he really must upset for Sean to notice that something was wrong. But something was wrong and anyone who knew Sean Jackson knew that if there was a problem with something in his life he fixed it. And he was especially going to fix it because it had something to do with the number one most important thing in his life. Holden Wilson He was also going to fix it because he was probably the problem in the first place. Well not so much him just his inability to come out of the closet. It wasn't all his fault that he was unable to come out the closet. He wa scared and not for him before that thought could cross someone's mind. He was scared for Holden. He was a football player. And not just any football player he was an honest to god football star. If women knew he was gay and in a relationship there would be hell to pay because there was only one way him coming out of the closet was going to play out. One: women across America going to riot. Because him being gay was probably somewhat acceptable and could be something good for gay men everywhere. But, and there was always a but, women were either going to hate and want to lynch Holden for taking him off the market. And this was a very likely possibility consider how popular he was with women. And he didn't want anything bad to Holden especially because of him. That would just kill Sean to know he was the cause of pain to Holden. And to cause Holden pain because he was so amazing that Sean couldn't help but fall head over heels for him just from hearing him say hello to Sean. Or (and this was even more possible) women across America could riot and hate him for taking Holden off the market. And no matter what Holden said it wa definitely something that could happen. Either way it was trouble and a problem that he had to fix. He'd do anything, within reason, to make Holden happy. Which is why he had picked up Holden favorite Indian restaurant to get his favorite food, and his favorite dessert, and why he had stopped by the drugstore to get Holden's favorite massage oil and his favorite condoms for both their favorite activities. Hopefully if all things went as planned then Holden wouldn't be upset anymore, he could stop worrying, and he could get some at the same time. At this thought Sean pushed down on the gas pedal to hurry home faster. *~~Sean's Condo~~* Parking in the driveway Sean took a deep breath and smiled ready for a great stress elevating night. If he had know what would happen once he opened the door he wouldn't have been so sure of himself at all. He opened the door and was struck speechless by pain at what he saw. Holden was putting what seemed like all the pictures that were just of him in a bag and some of, what Sean knew to be, his favorite pictures of them as a couple also in a bag. He had all his bags that Sean hadn't actually seen since he moved in years ago surrounding him looking full and packed with all his stuff. It made Sean's heart clench so hard he thought he had died and gone to hell. If Sean was truthful with himself the sight killed a part of him inside and made him want to die where he stood. \"What, what are you doing?\", said Sean all the anguish he was feeling showing in his voice. Holden froze like a deer in headlights with the pictures in his hands. He could see the pain in Sean's eyes and it killed a part of him. \"I-I It's not what it seems like Sean.\" Holden said putting the pictures down. Sean frowned and could feel bitter anger in his mouth. \"Really, because it looks like you're surrounded by your suitcases.\" \"I-\" said Holden but Sean cut him off. \"It looks like you're about to leave me with no explanation.\" Sean's voice was getting louder and angrier and his voice was filling with anger. \"No I'm-\" \"YOU'VE PACKED YOUR BAG AND SPLIT UP OUR STUFF AND WERE ABOUT TO LEAVE ME WITH NO NOTICE!\" By this point in what could be considered a conversation Sean was yelling full force and Holden was near tears. \"I wasn't I was-\" \"YOU WERE DIVORCING ME WITHOUT ME EVEN KNOWING\" Sean yelled. He ranked his hands through his hair roughly taking a deep breath trying to calm down. He looked at Holden who was looking at Sean with tears in his eye's. Seeing those tears Sean throw away his pride. Getting on his knees and hobbling to Holden he took his hands in his and looked up into those baby blue eye's he wanted to see for the rest of his life. \"Don't leave me. Whatever it is we can fix it-I can fix it-us. Whatever I have to do I will. Come out to my parents. Meet your parents and family. Go to visit your hometown, whatever you want I'll do it.\" Holden could hear the anguish and desperation in his voice. \"I swear Holden I will. I'll even come out to the world and quit my job if you want me to.\" Holden's heart broke at those words. Looking down at the once strong proud man he had fallen in love with his heart broke in two that he could have caused this to happen to him. He took his hands from Sean's and saw how his heart broke. He took his hands and cupped Sean's face with them looking deep into his eye's. Holden hushed Sean. \"Baby, baby please. I'm not leaving you. I was OK, i was. But not anymore I not. I thought about it and if I didn't wake up knowing that at some point I was going to see you beautiful grey eyes then there's no point in living. I didn't think you would be home for another hour so I thought I was going to have time to put everything back.\" Sean smiled and rose to his knees. Grabbing Holden's face in hands he kissed him like it was the last time he would ever get to. He kissed him with all the passion he possibly could and Holden kissed him back just the same. Looking into Sean's eye's he said, \"We can talk later but for now I want you to show me one of the reasons why i stayed ok?\" Sean nodded willing to do anything to keep Holden here with him. And so he mounted and vowed to make love to Holden so hard he would think they were made to be connected together, in any way, for life. ","Summary":" I don't own VALENTINE'S DAY (2010). I wrote this listen to some Smooth Jazz, Pussycat Dolls Bottle "},{"Movie":"Valentine's Day, 2010","Title":"Boon And Bane Of Family","Author":"whisper75","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7902877","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Sean come on, you want us to miss the flight?\" Sean muttered by the new interruption. He pinned his lover down to the bed using his whole bodyweight. It was Holden's third try to get up, but again he failed. Ok, he had to admit it, those tries had been less than half-hearted. He loved feeling Sean's warm skin on his own, the demanding hands, the lustful glint in the other man's eyes. Sean mumbled some unintelligible words into his neck while kissing it. Sounded a bit like \"we'll take … next … want ya now!\" Holden wasn't sure about the first part of that, but when Sean ran his fingers through his hair and slowly tugged his head back into the pillow to kiss his Adam's apple it was pretty clear that he got the 'want ya now' part accurately. The footballer returned to the left side of Holden's neck and started sucking in the soft skin, very gentle at first but he intensified very quickly. Holden bit his lower lip and sighed out a moan when he felt Sean's teeth capturing his flesh. He glanced at the clock - they still had almost four hours until the flight. 'Ok then, no breakfast.' Tenderly ruffling Sean's hair he guided him down. Sean followed obediently and loosened his grip now that he was sure that Holden would stay in bed. Still lying on him Sean framed his lover's sides with his arms and took his time for covering the sensitive skin of his chest with kisses. The fine line of hair along Holden's stomach directed his lips down. After making another moisty stopover, this time at his abs, the footballer finally disappeared under the sheets. \" God !\" Holden grabbed the mattress with one hand and added to the pressure on Sean's head with the other to make him take in as much of his length as possible. 'Why would I want breakfast if I can have this !' Holden brought down their bag for the weekend. Sean was still in the shower so he decided to make them at least a coffee for the drive to the airport, the taxi should arrive in 15 minutes. Holden was just switching the machine on when the telephone rang. On his way through the room he slipped into the T-shirt Sean had ironed yesterday evening. He smiled thinking about the explanation his partner had for doing so. \" Mom has ironed all of my clothes when I was a kid, and I wanna show her that I learned that for life.\" \" Sean, you haven't ironed anything as long as I know you. I'm wondering that you know where the flatiron is stowed away!\" He laughed at the face his partner made and contentedly leaned back with a wide grin on his face. \"Sean Jackson is cheating his mom, I can't believe it!\" \" I'm not cheating her! Just… starting again with good old habits!\" Holden could see that not even Sean himself believed what he was saying there. He stepped behind him and grabbed his tight waist with both hands, leaning against his back and putting his chin on his shoulder. \"So, will you iron my shirts for work from now on? I don't want you to be bored with just our T-shirts.\" Sean snorted but continued his task. \"No, I won't. I mean, I could… Ok well, you got me. You know, as long as I can remember she keeps asking if I'm doing well living on my own and stuff. And maybe she recognizes by things like this that I'm grown up and can take care of myself. It's stupid, I know.\" \" A bit yeah. But well, she won't ask anymore. She knows that you have me now. Of course she thinks you're doing well from now on.\" Holden stated seriously. \" You're a jerk.\" \" Right back at you.\" They couldn't keep straight faces any longer and shared a laugh. Sean turned around and looked at Holden with steel-blue puppy dog eyes. \"Can I be honest with you? I hate ironing. Your shirt is done. Is it ok that you will look flawless tomorrow and I won't? I can't make one more move with this thing, let alone a whole shirt.\" Holden didn't answer. With a knowing smile on his face he took the flatiron out of Sean's hand, pulled the plug and put it in a safe place to cool off. Then he took his partner's hand and drew him upstairs. \"We better go to bed, before you're too tired for another good old habit.\" The sparkle in Sean's eyes showed him that he didn't need to be any more specific. Holden had reached the phone and looked on the display. \"'Phone number withheld', okayyy.\" He accepted the call. \"Hello.\" He heard some slight noises on the other end, but got no answer. \"Helloooo…\" Nothing. \"Ok then, thanks for calling. Maybe you have something to say next time.\" He ended the call but kept looking on the display, 'that was strange, I swear I heard something.' Warm lips on his neck and two strong arms embracing his waist made him forget his thoughts. \"Who did you call? Hopefully not my mom to tell her we can't make it. You would break her heart.\" Sean chuckled. \"She loves you to death!\" Holden turned around in his arms. \"No, it was an incoming one, someone probably dialed the wrong number, he could at least have apologized. But aaanyway… I never would cancel the weekend! I can't wait to see your parents again. They were so lovely the other day. I still can't believe you were afraid telling them you're gay. I only met them once, but I feel that I could share almost everything with them. It's like I've known them forever.\" Sean smiled at him. \"Yeah. Hm… I don't know if I'm allowed to tell you, but they mentally adopted you when they saw you for the first time. At least my mom did!\" Holden giggled and blushed. Sean looked right into his eyes now. \"I love you Holden. Everything is so much easier now that it's out. I was an idiot.\" \"You were !\" Sean was about to protest, but before he could say something Holden cupped his face with his hands and kissed him. \"But not anymore.\" They just stood there arm in arm smiling at each other for a moment, then both startled by the noise of a honking car. \"Our taxi.\" \"Yeah.\" One deep breath and another smile later they finally parted and left the house. The flight from LAX to SFO would take about 1.20 h. Ten minutes after take-off Sean had dozed off. His head rested on Holden's shoulder, their entwined hands on his thigh. Holden couldn't sleep. While looking out of the window he thought about how his life had changed during the last two months. Before this year's Valentine's Day Holden practically 'didn't exist', their life as a couple was limited to the house. He never attended any public event with Sean. They didn't even drive to the supermarket together nor had a walk at the beach. When they went out for dinner, which rarely happened - only when Sean was tired of hearing Holden's begging anymore, he always was his estate agent when he was asked. He remembered one recent dinner in particular. They just had ordered their drinks when a lady of Sean's management saw them from another table and came over to say hello. It was pure torture for Holden to see the couple next to them holding hands and showing their love to the world, while Sean talked to that woman and called him 'Mr. Wilson'. He politely smiled at her despite his feelings. It was part of the game. Holden sighed. But now he was a part of Sean's life, his entire life. It was so exciting to finally get to know the team and his friends. And most of them were so cool about it and were happy for them. While being hugged and clapped on the shoulder they heard a lot of ' I knew it ' and ' I never bought that estate agent story, one look into your eyes said it all '. The minor rest wasn't that enthusiastic, but accepted it. Which was fine with Holden. Sean's fans were wonderful too. Well, most likely there were some folks that were not very happy to see their favorite football player with a guy on his side… comes with the territory, you can't please everybody. But those people thankfully kept quiet. Holden remembered when they attended this huge fundraising dinner. It was their very first official appearance as a couple. He was so nervous and almost hadn't the guts to get out of the limousine that had picked them up from home and stopped at the red carpet now. He could see that Sean felt the same. Neither their flawless black suits and ties nor the rest of their well-groomed appearance could hide the tension. But then Sean took his hand and kissed his palm. His eyes assured that everything was good and they finally got out of the car. Being the boss of about 200 people and having to deal with his clients, most of them important and / or rich, Holden wasn't a shy person. At least that's what he had thought until now. This scenario however was insane, and very intimidating. The people went nuts. They were screaming like he and Sean were some kind of rock stars. Right, they cheered for him too, ridiculous. Sean immediately flipped the switch and was right in his element, he was used to being cheered at. With a perfect grin on his face he took Holden's hand and waved at the crowd with the other. Meanwhile Holden really had to concentrate on smiling and not looking like a timid fawn in the light cone of a car. And it worked. With the help of his self-soothing - well… breathing - , Sean's closeness and the fact that they were frenetically reveled he finally calmed down and started soaking up the atmosphere. He had to admit it… it gave him quite a rush. The photographers at this event were as crazy as the fans. Holden had never been snapped that often in his whole life as in these ten minutes on the red carpet. Even half an hour later he still saw white little stars dancing in front of his eyes. Then the paparazzi. Their creativity to get ' the shot ' was both fascinating and annoying. During the first three weeks after Sean's coming out they were everywhere. He and Sean had a hard time to live a halfway normal life. Holden couldn't go to work and come back home without being photographed. But eventually everybody had calmed down. The people apparently had read enough 'Quarterback Sean Jackson's boyfriend is leaving their love nest' articles. He snorted and shook his head. Then he looked down on his partner. 'So peaceful.' He sighed and gently kissed his hair. Sean responded with a deep breath. When Holden looked back up, his eyes met the glance of a redheaded teenage boy sitting in the seat row to their right. He smiled at him. The boy startled a bit like he felt getting caught staring at them. But then he smiled back with a light flush on his cheeks which brought out his freckles even more. \"Hi.\" The flush disappeared as quickly as it came. \"I saw you on TV and in the mags. It's a pretty cool thing what he did at that press conference.\" He pointed at Sean. \"Yeah, it is.\" \"I mean… really… not many would have the balls to come out like this!\" Holden chuckled. \"Sorry, I mean… wouldn't have the courage.\" The boy frowned, obviously worried about his choice of words. \"No, 'balls' is ok – couldn't say it any better.\" Holden grinned. The flush was back. \"My name is Neil.\" \"Hey Neil, nice to meet ya.\" The seemingly same-aged girl next to Neil rolled her eyes and hit his arm. \"Ask him already!\" The boy frowned at her, but she didn't seem to care. Instead she leaned over his lap which made her wild red locks fall into her face. Puffing it out of her sight she addressed the amused Holden. \"Hi, I'm his sister. Neil is gay, he has a huge crush on you two and wants to ask if he could take a photo with you. He thinks you're hot, which is true by the way. If you do it, I want a pic with you as well.\" \"Audrey, shut the fuck up!\" He pushed her back into her seat and hung his head in shame. He was blushing crimson now. Holden tried not to wake Sean with his chuckling. \"Okaaay… I think we can do that. The photo thing. We should wait until he wakes up though, what do you think?\" The boy giggled and looked bashfully at the ground. \"Probably better, yeah. Thanks.\" Then he glanced back at Holden and shrugged his shoulders. \"Sorry for my sister… family !\" \"Yeah. No problem, it's ok.\" Holden looked down on their hands in his lap, still smiling. \"Family.\" When the flight attendants started serving drinks and snacks Sean woke up from a seemingly very healthy nap. He yawned and stretched and before Holden knew it grabbed his face and kissed him. And kissed more intense with every passing second. When he felt his partner's tongue sliding into his mouth Holden backed off. \"Sean!\" The football player grinned. \"What! You wanted me to openly show my love for you.\" \"Yeah, but not all of it… on a plane .\" Holden raised an eyebrow. But he couldn't help grinning back. \"You want a coffee, gentlemen?\" They simultaneously looked up to the stewardess and simultaneously replied with a \"No, thank you\". All three shared a smile and she moved on. Sean took Holden's hand again and slightly massaged it. \"I didn't wanna bring it up again at first, but… I've been thinking about this phone call today. You know… it wasn't the first one. He or she called twice already, at least I guess it's the same person.\" Holden frowned. \"Do you think that could be some weird fan or something? I mean, should we be worried?\" \"It could be a fan yeah, but I think we have nothing to fear from him / her. Let's wait if it stops.\" Holden slowly nodded. \"Ok.\" He wasn't sure if it was ok, but he trusted Sean. He surely could evaluate the situation. But then his face lightened up. \"Oh on a lighter note, let me introduce you to Neil and Audrey.\" The plane had landed and the two men were waiting for their luggage. While the conveyor belt offered them everything but their own bag, Holden leaned against Sean. In the corner of his eye he saw someone waving at them. Sean must have seen it too since he already raised his hand. Holden kept his right arm around his partner's waist but waved back with the left one. Those two kids were really cool. Unbelievable that twins looking alike like them could be such different personalities. Chatting with them had made the rest of the flight really enjoyable. Now they were leaving with their parents and would have a great vacation here in San Francisco. Neil and Audrey, really beautiful names. Finally their bag arrived and they could head to the waiting area where they should meet Sean's parents. On the way out Sean turned his phone back on. Two seconds later it beeped. \"It's a message from mom. 'Hey boys. Take a rental or taxi, explain later.'\" Sean seemed more surprised than worried. \"Taxi or rental, Holden?\" \"Both fine with me. Let's take a cab.\" They didn't directly drive to Sean's parents. He made the taxi driver take them to his old high school at first to show Holden around. Sean had assumed that for a Friday it was too late for any classes and they would be alone. He was wrong. They were overrunning him, asking for autographs and pictures. He was the hometown boy returning to the place where everything had started, so he couldn't refuse. Holden waited patiently, he was used to it by now. The last group of girls even wanted a pic with both men, which was pretty strange according to Holden. He was a Nobody to them. But Sean had already grabbed his hand and tugged him into the visual range of the camera. \"Cheese!\" It took them a good hour to get away from there. After that they had a little sightseeing tour, stopping by at Sean's favorite places of his neighborhood. Holden loved seeing all this and listening to Sean's stories and memories. He had visited San Francisco before, but only for work. He had seen nothing but his hotels and conference rooms. But the city was really pretty… and not just because Sean obviously loved it. When they finally arrived at his parents' house, they paid the driver and wished him luck with his third baby girl – he hadn't talked about anything else during the whole drive, very sweet and amusing. He really loved that little girl. Holden had a look around. It was a lovely, good middle-class neighborhood. Nicely trimmed hedges, green front lawns everywhere, even the trees were cut accurately. He had been here before, but that was his first meeting with Sean's parents and he didn't have an eye for it then. It had been hard enough for him to keep breathing and try to live up to their expectations. This time, being much more confident of their affection, he could take his time to take everything in. So this was the place where Sean was raised. He turned around. Even the house itself radiated nothing but kindness and love. It was a nice two-floor building, painted in a light green. Various flowers in tubs and other plants were perfectly placed to complete the picture. This was a home, a real home . Holden sighed deeply. Fragments of memories of his own childhood crawled into his mind, but he instantly shoved them away. He had promised himself not to think about it. And he wouldn't. Not today. Looking at Sean he could see the concern in the other man's eyes. But as soon as he put on a smile, his partner's features lightened up again, he leaned over and kissed him. \"You're ok?\" \"Yeah.\" The door flew open and Sean's mom rushed out with open arms and a wide grin on her face. Her skirt with a colorful flower print made her look like spring itself. \"Sean! Looks like we see you more often now that you're out of the closet. It's just been a month since our family party and you visit us again !\" She hugged and kissed him. \"Hey darling!\" \"Hey mom!\" Letting her out of his embrace, Sean saw his mother's sparkling eyes when she turned to his right. Following her look he just could smile about the cute sheepish grin Holden had put on. His concern from earlier had disappeared. This was the Holden he wanted to see. Sean slightly shook his head. 'Those two.' His mom gave Holden a long and tight cuddle. \"Hey sweetie. Look at you! You are so gorgeous!\" The young man hugged her and ran his hand over her back. Sean could feel that Holden was still insecure with handling her, but on the other hand he was more than willing to take every gesture of love he could get. Holden finally placed a gentle kiss on her cheek. \"Thanks. You look very pretty today, Christine.\" She tilted backwards and gave him a half pretended half meant angry look. \"Holden, I told you to call me mom.\" Holden wanted to answer, but Sean interfered. \"Mom, give him some time. He knows you for a month now and has just met you once! And he's not used to so much mother love.\" Both of them looked at him. Sean's mom frowned. \"What do you mean?\" Holden put a hand on Sean's chest, \"please… don't.\" He then turned back to her with a slightly afflicted smile and she could read in his eyes not to bring the missing mother love into question, at least for now. She nodded. \"Okayyyy… so boys, sorry we couldn't pick you up from the airport. The car is broken down again. And well… the money doesn't grow on trees, right?\" She nudged Holden who just smiled at her. \"What do you mean with 'again'? Mom, I told you a thousand times to call me when you have a problem. I would have paid the repair or a new car.\" \"Sean, we don't want that. Live off your money.\" \"You don't do that, come on! I love you and of course I wanna help you when you need it.\" He looked at Holden who obviously felt a bit uncomfortable witnessing the little disagreement. Sensing that his partner wanted him to say something he put a hand on Christine's back, \"Sean's right. We'd love to help you out. That's what the family is there for, right?\" \"Right!\" Sean agreed. \"See mom, your sweetie is saying it too.\" Holden made a face but then chuckled. The woman smiled too, \"ok then, let's talk it over with your dad.\" On the way in she skimmed along Holden's chest. \"You iron your T-shirts, Holden? Wow. See Sean, take your boyfriend as an example. He always looks dapper and all spruced up. Look at you! Your shirt is so crinkly, one might think you have been sleeping in it for a week now.\" Holden glanced over to Sean trying not to laugh. The footballer made a face but didn't say anything to defend himself. \"Sure mom. I'll think about it.\" He then addressed his partner with an unmistakably sarcastic undertone. \"Maybe you can show me how to do it, love.\" Holden took his hand and slightly squeezed it. \"Yeah let's see if you can learn it.\" Sean chuckled and closed the distance between them. \"Jerk.\" It was just a whisper into Holden's ear which made the other man grin. Sean's mom however was not amused, both men wondered how she could have heard it anyway. \"Sean Jackson! I don't wanna hear that kind of language!\" She turned to Holden again with a much sweeter, almost lulling voice. \"Don't listen to him sweetie, you're the best that could have happened to him. And no matter what he says, he knows it.\" She put her arm around his waist and guided him into the house. Sean stopped and gazed after them, half amused, half upset. \"Holden, tell her who ironed that shirt.\" He could see his partner whispering something into his mother's ear. They both giggled and turned around. Holden reached out his hand. \"Don't be offended, come on.\" Sean's last try to act huffy yielded to a wide grin. They took him into their midst and went in together. \"Hey Sean. Glad you're here. We haven't seen you that often over the last two years.\" Sean's dad hugged him tightly. \"Yeah dad, mom already mentioned it.\" Sean pursed his lips but instantly smiled when he saw the mischief in his dad's eyes. In that moment Holden entered the living room with Christine. \"Holden, my friend.\" The older man went over, took him into his arms and patted his back. \"How's the house selling doing?\" Holden didn't answer immediately. He took a deep breath and hugged Sean's dad back. He knew it was stupid, but he envied Sean for having parents like this. They were so lovely and kind and… in lack of a better word… wonderful. They've already been very sweet at that family party, but there had been so many people. This weekend they could fully concentrate on each other. That thought made Holden nervous again, he wanted them to like him so badly. But the next second he started chuckling. 'What are you thinking about? Look at them. They both hug you like your own parents never did. How can they not like you?' \"Hey Eric. Business is doing well, thanks.\" With that they parted. \"Dad, mom told me about your car. What do I tell you all the time? You…\" Eric cut his son off. \"Sean, you think you have to help us because we're your parents and you love us.\" Sean inhaled. \"No, let me finish. We know that. We know that you could give us the money and we appreciate that you would do it. But we get along pretty well without it. There's only one thing we want from you. Your love.\" He frowned for a second. \"Ok, maybe there are two things. We also want you to visit your old parents a bit more often than once a year.\" Sean slightly shook his head. \"The car thing isn't off the table yet. But you're right with the rest.\" A conciliating expression appeared on his face. Christine linked arms with Holden again. \"Let's not argue now. I have some freshly baked brownies and an apple pie for us. And now tell us what happened in your life since our last phone call.\" After a funny afternoon with watching tons of photos they enjoyed a delicious dinner – now Holden knew where Sean had his cooking skills from – with a great red wine. For the time after dinner Eric brought out his best scotch. Holden felt like the wine already had been enough for him, but he didn't want to be rude. At about midnight they finally decided that it was time to hit the pillow. Holden got up and instantly felt a bit dizzy. \"Whoops. I guess that was one scotch to many. I think I can't keep up with the Jackson men.\" He smiled at Sean's mom and the two other men who were obviously zero affected by the alcohol. Sean's dad patted his shoulder, \"I don't think that's a bad thing, Holden.\" His hand still on the younger man's shoulder he smiled at his son now, \"you better put him to bed, Sean. I need him fresh and not hungover tomorrow. Wanna show him my new building project.\" Curiosity fought its way through the dizziness in Holden's head. \"Project?\" Sean knew from a phone call with his mother what his dad was talking about. He rolled his eyes and dragged Holden out of the living room. \"I'll tell you later, bear. Niiiiight!\" But Holden managed to squirm himself out of Sean's grip. \"I'm tipsy, but not bad-mannered.\" He made his way over to his partner's parents and gave them both a hug. Christine got a peck on the cheek as well. \"Good night!\" On their way up they heard Sean's mom. \"Eric! Building project? You wanna 'clean up' our old shed. That's not a project. Holden is a highly renowned architect! He won't waste his time with your little idea of a guest house.\" His dad was protesting. \"How can you know, Christine. I just wanna show him… wanna hear his opinion!\" Sean smiled and shook his head while guiding Holden into his old room. \"This photo of you… I want a copy of it for my office. You know, the one with you as a 6 year old in your first football gear! It's so cute!\" Holden grinned at Sean while brushing his teeth. Sean had just rinsed his mouth and looked into the mirror. What he saw, was just adorable, Holden sitting on the edge of the bath tub with stretched out legs, just wearing pajama pants. He wasn't fond of the idea that all of Holden's staff would see the picture, but hey, it could have been worse. There were far more embarrassing shots of him, he could live with it. \"Sure. It's mom's favorite pic too. I'm sure she'll be happy to make you a copy.\" Holden was still working on his teeth, but miraculously Sean understood every word he was saying. \"Yeah, she told me she loves it. Tomorrow she wants to show me some videos too.\" \"Oh nooo…\" Sean mentally flipped through the video footage of him as a child and teenager his parents had shot over the years. \"Your dad said, they have put the stuff on DVD now, to save the quality.\" \"Yeah great! This will be so embarrassing.\" Holden grinned even more. \"Can't wait!\" Finally lying in his old queen-size bed Sean wanted to tell Holden about his father's project. But his partner obviously wasn't in a chatty mood anymore. \"I love you so so much!\" He flooded Sean's neck and face with sappy kisses until he finally found his mouth. Sean loved it when Holden was that passionate and welcomed his lover's demanding tongue with his own. Without ceasing the invasion into his mouth Holden now crawled onto him. Sean automatically put his arms around his body to hold him close. Meanwhile Holden framed Sean's head with his arms and stroked his hair. They enjoyed the mutual caressing for a while. When Holden shifted a bit for a more comfortable position, Sean felt his lover's growing erection brushing his thigh and he moaned into the kiss. Holden smiled against his lips, slowly parted Sean's legs and started massaging his crotch with his own thigh. Sean almost saw stars and the decision to stop Holden in this moment wasn't easy, but somehow his brain subdued his want. \"Holden, we're at my parents' house!\" \"They won't hear us. We'll be quiet.\" Holden breathed into his ear. \"You've never been quiet!\" \"Just because I didn't have to.\" He now rested on his elbows and winked at Sean. \"I can do this!\" His partner shook his head with a grin. \"Bear, you're soooo not used to alcohol. I think we should sleep now.\" Holden snorted \"This isn't the scotch. It's already gone. I know what I'm doing. And right now I wanna looooove you!\" He started chuckling. His sparkling light blue eyes focused on Sean's lips before he bent down and crashed their mouths together again. Holden knew exactly which buttons to push and Sean had a hard time to withstand him and his own recurring, well never really gone lust. But mentally picturing his parents, lying in their bed in the next room hearing them having sex, finally cleared up his mind. \"Holden no! I can't do this.\" Holden returned into his 'half on his elbows, half on Sean' position and looked at him with sad puppy dog eyes. \"Don't look at me like that. I love you, you know that. You're beautiful. God, you're hauntingly beautiful. But, I just can't get romantic with you… with my parents in the same house!\" Holden took a deep breath as if he was considering this argument. He smiled at the man beneath him and slightly nodded before rolling off and getting comfortable at Sean's side. With that none of them said a word for a while and Sean already damned himself for making his partner mad at him. Then Holden finally looked at him with a grin. \"Hauntingly beautiful? What kind of cheesy cheap novels are you secretly reading, honey?\" Sean sighed in relief that he had obviously misinterpreted the silence. He tugged Holden closer to his own body and fondled his hipbone through the fabric of the pants. \"It's not cheesy when it's the truth!\" \"Aww! That's so cute… Sean, I love you so much for being like that!\" Holden reached up and stroked his cheek and jawline. He then snuggled up to Sean and when they had found the perfect position they fell asleep within a few minutes. \"Eric… this is a pretty cool idea! I like the concept!\" Sean's dad looked at his wife and son with a self-satisfied smile. \"See, I told ya!\" Both sighed and rolled their eyes. Holden didn't notice it, he concentrated on the construction plan Eric had made. \"May I suggest something?\" The older man forgot his family in an instant and got all excited now. He grabbed a chair and sat down. \"Sure!\" \"I don't know if you like that kind of room concept… but you could put an open gallery in there. I think it would look fantastic. All wooden materials, very natural …\" All of them could literally see Eric's brain work. \"Ohhh. Ehm… you… you think we could have a look at it?\" Holden looked into the man's sparkling eyes and had to grin, \"Sure! Let's go.\" Sean helped his mother preparing breakfast when the two men were heading to the old shed in the backyard. He could see them through the kitchen window. By the time he started slicing the tomatoes they had arrived at the – in Sean's view – ramshackle hut. They stopped in front of it and his dad was wildly gesturing, obviously describing every detail of his dream to Holden. Sean started to feel sorry for him, but to his surprise his partner chimed in with what looked like own thoughts and suggestions. The footballer smiled widely and concentrated on the tomatoes again. His mom stepped beside him and glanced out of the window. \"You think, dad is bothering Holden with this thing?\" \"No mom, look at him – he loves it!\" \"But I don't want him to feel forced into helping your father with this. He should relax and feel at home here and not… work.\" \"Ma, relax. He feels at home, believe me. And he finally has someone to chat about houses and architecture stuff. Just look at them – they're like kids in the candy store.\" Sean looked at his mom when she responded with a short \"ya\". \"What is it, mom?\" \"Nothing dear.. I just hope they won't spend the whole weekend out there. I want to get to know Holden better too. Ehm… never mind. let's set the table.\" Sean's eyes followed her as she rushed out of the kitchen. 'Could it be that my mom is jealous of my dad for spending time with Holden? Unbelievable.' He chuckled and followed her with more dishes. Holden and Sean already sat at the breakfast table and waited for Sean's parents to join them. After a short glance into the corridor Holden leaned over to his partner. \"Is it ok to tell you that I really like your dad?\" Sean snorted and stared at him. \"Of course! I'm so happy that you get along!\" \"You know, he is sooo interested in architecture. You never told me! Did you know that he has a like new issue of 'The life-work of Frank Lloyd Wright' by H. Th. Wijeveld from 1925? You know… the architect who designed the Guggenheim museum in NYC… the guy I wrote my thesis about… It's so cool!\" Sean rummaged in his memories, but before he could respond to that his parents came in with the coffee and a pan with still sizzling scrambled eggs. Eric smiled at his son's partner. \"Holden, I can't wait to see your plan for the gallery. But as I said, take your time. Your work of course takes priority.\" \"Eric, would you stop it and let the boys eat?\" He looked at his wife. \"You're just jealous that we have the same interest, you only tell him how gorgeous he is.\" \"He is gorgeous! And just for your information, we have common interests too!\" The older man snorted, but Sean's mom continued. \"He doesn't love you more than me… not even now that he knows about your filthy old book of this Wright guy.\" The two men at the table first followed the argument like a tennis match – left, right, left, right – but with the last comment they couldn't hold back the laughter any more. Interrupting his parents' little argument Sean put an arm around Holden's shoulder. \"First of all: From the three of us Holden loves me the most! And second: Give us some eggs already, we're starving!\" Holden still giggled but looked at the couple opposite the table. Though the whole situation was almost comedic, he was really touched. \"You know… Sean is right!\" The urge to laugh welled up again, but he fought it down. \"No seriously. I really love both of you so much. You can't imagine what it means to me to have you in my life now. And I'm thankful that Sean is willing to share his parents with me.\" He now looked at his partner who just smiled at him and replied with a slight nod. Holden leaned over and put a light kiss on Sean's lips. His mom sighed with pleasure and threw her hands on her heart. She looked at her husband, \"look at them!\". He put an arm around her waist and tugged her closer to his side. \"Yep, that's all we could wish for. Our son has found someone he's really happy with.\" \"Yeah, they're such a gorgeous couple!\" Holden blushed. He looked at Sean and was astonished to see that his partner's face had changed colors too. \"Can we stop talking about that and have breakfast already?\" They all knew Sean and smiled about his acted grumpiness. He was romantic, but he obviously wasn't comfortable with his parents analyzing his partnership. \"Yeah, let's eat before the eggs get cold.\" Christine agreed. \"And let's not forget, we have a lot to chat about today and even more videos of sweet little Sean to watch. Of course just if you want, Holden.\" Holden couldn't answer, because right in that second he had shoved a great amount of eggs into his mouth. But he eagerly nodded with sparkling eyes. Christine grinned at him. Sean looked at his parents, then at Holden and finally on his plate. \"Oh my God.\" The weekend was over in a heartbeat. It was Sunday afternoon and they were on the flight home again. \"I just love your parents and I sooo can't wait for them visiting us. Is it ok that I invited them? I mean, I have to catch up on 'having parents', but I don't want you being annoyed or something.\" Sean kissed Holden on the cheek. \"How could I? Mom had tears in her eyes when she had to let you go. And dad wants to see your office and your plan for this gallery thing. Just let me warn you, you can't escape from them anymore.\" Holden grinned at him now. \"I don't want to escape. I love it!\" He felt so happy right now like he could embrace the world. And he already created a plan for Eric's guest house in his mind. He hadn't designed anything for a while now and looked forward to this welcome change from just selling property. Working on this project with Eric would be great. 'He'll be surprised what a treasure has been sleeping in his backyard over years.' Ok, Holden had to admit, he was a bit selfish too. When the guest house would be ready, he and Sean would sleep there during their visits… and… well… Sean probably could relax better when his parents weren't in the adjoining room anymore. 'God, I feel like a teenager planning the first sex experience and trying to hide it from the parents.' He chuckled and looked at the other man. When Sean became aware of it, Holden batted his long lashes for a heartbeat longer than necessary. The footballer seemed to read his mind in a split second and grinned mischievously. He bent over and whispered into Holden's ear. \"Can't wait 'til we're home. I'll make it up to you… for the last two nights.\" Holden tilted his head… almost unnoticeable, but Sean took the offer and kissed his neck. \"God Holden, this will be the longest hour of my life.\" Sean growled into the soft curls behind his ear. \"Don't forget the one hour taxi drive from LAX to our house.\" \"Dammit, that's too long. Wait, we could take a room near the airport. Just for…\" \"Eww, Sean! I won't check in at a 'God-knows-who's-been-lying-here-before' hot-sheet hotel!\" People's heads flew around and many eyes stared at him, too many. 'Oh, that was probably a bit too loud.' While his face turned crimson he glared at Sean. It was his fault after all. But the stifled grin on his partner's face made him chuckle too. \"I'm sorry folks, didn't mean to be rude.\" He slouched down in his seat and dragged Sean closer by gripping his shirt. When his ear – this delicious and lickable ear… uh oh, focus Holden! – when his ear was close enough, he whispered \"What I wanted to say before I made half the plane look at me with disgust – I won't have sex with you in a place like that. Even if the drive will take four hours, we will go home !\" He tilted his head to see the reaction on Sean's face. \"Will you stop grinning please?\" He half-heartedly pushed the other man back into his own seat and tried to stay out of focus for the rest of the flight. \"Sean, I'm home! Sorry for being late!\" Holden put his briefcase on the sideboard. While crossing the living area he loosened his tie, put off his suit jacket and dropped it on a chair. It was a hot day for April and he felt like dying of thirst. Opening the fridge he moaned because of the wonderful cold breeze greeting him. He took out a water. While greedily gulping down the cool liquid he had a look around to see any sign of Sean being at home. But then he heard him coming down the stairs. He had someone on the phone. \"Oh, he's at home now… ehm… do you wanna talk to him?\" Holden was curious now. \"Who is it, love?\" Sean looked at him. \"It's your… mom.\" Holden grinned at him, anxious to talk to the woman he was expecting to be on the other end. He kissed Sean and yanked the phone out of his hand. He frowned for a second at Sean's uneasy look, but then started chattering into the unit. „Hey Christine. Your son is teasing me. Said, it was my mom. I mean, I know you told me again to call you mom and we had a great weekend with you, but… ah you know what, to hell with it…\" He giggled. \"Hello son.\" It took him a second to realize that it wasn't Christine. The smile fell out of his face. His body froze and he had a hard time to continue breathing. \"Holden?\" He grit his teeth, couldn't say a thing. He hadn't heard this voice for over two decades. \"Holden? You're there?\" Again the memories rushed into his brain, unbidden. \"Is he there?\" asked a male voice in the background. Holden started shaking. He got chills all over his body. Tears welled up in his eyes. He didn't even have to look at Sean, his partner summed up the situation by himself. He took the phone from Holden and just ended the call. \"I wanted to explain, but you were too quick. You just… Holden?\" \"I'm having a shower.\" And he was gone. Holden sat on the sofa with his legs drawn up. He pretended reading, but Sean noticed very well that he hadn't flipped the pages for about an hour now and just stared at some undefined spot on the actual page. \"Holden, we must talk about this.\" He went over and sat down opposite the other man. \"Your mom told me that they wanna see you.\" Holden looked up. \"Good for her. How did they find me anyway? I mean…\" \"Baby, everyone in this country with the slightest bit of interest in football knows about us. And putting two and two together they will assume that you live with me. And you told me that your dad is a football fan, so…\" \"Right. But Sean, I don't think that I want that.\" Holden looked at him with pleading eyes. Sean sighed and crawled over. He put his hand on his partner's thigh and fondly squeezed it. \"It's your decision. Yours only. But maybe they're really sorry. You should give them a chance. And even if it's just for closing this case forever. Nothing happens without a reason. And you never know, maybe they surprise you.\" He could see Holden's skeptical look. \"You know that he beat the hell out of me when I was 16. They banned me. I can't forget that just because they call twenty years later and say 'Hey, we think we wanna visit you!'\" \"I know! Believe me, I do. But as I said, everyone deserves a second chance. You gave me a second chance two months ago, when I came out. After the way I treated you the years before, I wasn't sure you'd come back to me.\" \"Oh Sean, please. That is something completely different! I knew that you loved me!\" \"What tells you that your parents don't regret everything? What tells you that they haven't been thinking about the fact that you are their only son and that they love you?\" \"You can't be serious, Sean.\" \"But are you sure that they don't regret?\" Holden stared at him. He had no exact answer to that. He wasn't sure. \"I would see it in their eyes I guess.\" \"Ok. Does that mean you wanna see them?\" Holden looked surprised, either by this question or his own subconscious decision to meet his parents. \"Yeah, I guess.\" \"Ok.\" Sean got up to prepare the dinner. \"Oh, what I wanted to tell you. Those calls over the last few days, you know?\" Holden nodded. \"It was your mom. She told me. She didn't know how to start…\" Holden nodded again. \"You'll be here, right?\" Sean turned around and smiled at him. \"Of course!\" \"Good.\" It wasn't easy for Holden to fight his inner demons and see his parents, but maybe Sean was right. He wanted to hear what they had to say about their behavior towards their only child. And if they hadn't an explanation – which was the more likely option – maybe he could finally put it behind after that. He didn't know how he would endure this evening, but he knew that Sean would stand behind him. He took a deep breath. He hadn't slept the whole night and now couldn't stop fumbling with the edge of his shirt. Initially he wanted to wear a suit but then decided against it. Who was he trying to impress. And well, they wouldn't be impressed anyway. He was an office sitter, not a doer! He wasn't… God, why did the self-doubts crawl back into his head right now? The doorbell rang and his heart leapt into his throat. Sean opened the door, welcomed them and asked them in. When his mother saw him she smiled and headed up to him. She wore simple jeans and a washed out red blouse. Her ashy hair was tied up in a ponytail. Holden didn't move. 'The time hasn't done her good. She looks worn out and tired.' The stubborn child in him didn't want to feel for her but she really didn't look well. When she reached Holden, she hesitantly hugged him. He didn't hug back, just put a hand on her shoulder for a second and then stepped back from her. This felt as awkward as he had imagined it. \"Holden, you've become such a handsome young man.\" The only reaction he had for her was a forced smile. Then he looked at his father who was right behind her and he automatically gritted his teeth. \"Son.\" When the older man reached out his hand and Holden raised his own to join the handshake he had to suppress the shivering. His mind made him feel like the 16 year old boy again. It was awful. Sean obviously sensed that the atmosphere had absolutely plummeted. He made them have a seat at the dining table and started a small talk. It was tough and tedious in the beginning, but then Holden's mother started to tell how they learned where Holden lives now and that he is together with Sean. After a few minutes she came to an end. \"As I said, we saw the press conference and then the pictures of you two. We couldn't believe it. Our son and Sean Jackson. You really have a good taste Holden.\" His father had been very quiet so far but now chimed in. \"Yeah, he's one of the best quarterbacks at the moment. Sean, do you remember that game in Houston last year? You really saved it man. I didn't believe you could do it, but you did ! A real football star! The others are football players, you're a star ! I always knew that you have the potential. When you were playing in Boston in your early years, I swear I saw it back then!\" Sean uneasily shifted around on his chair. He glanced at Holden who seemed to take deeper and deeper breaths with every of his father's words. The footballer stood up, a bit too quick maybe. \"Anyone want a coffee?\" Without waiting for an answer he headed to the coffee machine. Maybe he was hoping the talk about him would stop. But Holden's father didn't seem to care that Sean had left the table. He wallowed in his memories of the great games Sean had during his time as a pro so far. Holden had listened patiently and now waited for their apology to him, it had to come. His parents didn't come here for that , right? When he raised his voice he couldn't be friendly, he didn't even try it. \"So, you're here for small talk? For worshipping Sean and football? You could have written a letter. Or just have met him at a game or when I would have been at work. Don't you think you have something to tell me ?\" He put as much disappointment as possible into his voice for the last question, which wasn't difficult because he was disappointed. His mom looked down at the table and kept quiet. His father looked at him with reproach, probably because he had interrupted his praising. Then the older man unwillingly started with what sounded like an apology. That he didn't mean it. That it had been the shock making him do what he did. That it was a different time then and gays – that was a hard word for him, everyone could see it – gays weren't as accepted as today. \"I'm sorry.\" Two other words that obviously didn't pass his lips easily. There was a certain glance in his eyes, but Holden couldn't hold the eye contact long enough to interpret it. He still was intimidated. A feeling started growing in him. Was it hope? Hope for being acknowledged? Or even loved? He swallowed. If Sean was the key to his own parents, to his father, why wouldn't he take this opportunity? Sooner or later they would see what their son had blossomed into. They would see what they've missed. He inhaled deeply. He just had remembered the last time he had seen his father before he was taken to the hospital, seen his face in the dim light on the porch, his disgust, his hate and his desperation because Holden wasn't the son he had wished for. His mother hadn't even left the house. No! They couldn't get away with a 'We're sorry, those were different times.' Not after what they did to him. Not after the twenty years of nothing. Holden mentally pushed the hope away and tried not to listen to it. Something was wrong. His dad had apologized, yes. But only because he literally had forced him to do it. And this annoyed look before. Nothing had changed. He raised his eyes. 'Mom really looks bad.' He looked back on his hands. No! No hope and no sympathy. Not even pity! He couldn't forgive them, because they didn't want to be forgiven. It became more and more obvious with every word out of his father's mouth. Was he really talking about one of the then neighbors' boys who he still had contact with? Oh right, he played basketball. That's a pretty good reason to love him. Holden swallowed again. The air was so stifling. Sweat started to shine on his forehead. He wanted to get out of here. Run, just run. It would be easy. He could stand up, go on the terrace, open the door and would be free. Free to run. Or to swim. Yes, swimming was even better. He would see nothing but the horizon. He wouldn't look back, just swim out. Would hear nothing but the water around him and some seagulls. Seagulls, that didn't lie to him about how sorry they are and justify their actions with 'different times'. Or tell him what a handsome young man he had become. Tell him that now all of a sudden he was a good boy because of the partner he had chosen. Tell him that… He breathed deeply. No, he couldn't get out of here. He was trapped in his own house. With the man he loved more than anything in this world, but also with the two people he hated the most. But didn't he want just love from them at the same time? He felt the first signals of a headache coming up. But he had to be strong. The 'talk' would return to Sean and his great accomplishments and he would just have to sit and wait. Wait for them to leave. So he could let in some fresh air. Salty air from the ocean. He wanted to be in the ocean so bad. No, we already had that, no swimming for Holden today. Not now. Be strong. He looked out of the window and saw a seagull flying past the house. And smiled. \"Holden?\" The familiar voice woke him from his daydream. He looked around. All eyes were on him now. \"What?\" Sean gently smiled at him. \"Your mom brought some photos of you as a child. You don't wanna look at them? You were such a cute boy!\" Holden stared at the pictures in front of him. A little blond boy with huge blue eyes smiled at him. But something wasn't right. And by looking at every single one he remembered. None of those were taken by his parents. All of them showed him at a friend's birthday party or in the summer camp. That's why the cute little boy was smiling. Was happy. And with showing those photos around, they could pretend having been good parents? Were they really convinced that they had done a great job at raising him? He had to get out, to hell with being strong. He got up. Didn't choose the way to his beloved ocean though, because Sean would probably follow him. He needed an option with a door. A door that he could lock behind him. Without saying another word he went upstairs. When he had passed half the way he heard a chair moving and he knew that it was Sean's. \"Don't!\" was the only thing he could bring out. And his partner stayed. After closing and locking the bedroom door, Holden instantly felt sorry for leaving Sean alone with them. But he had never been selfish, always had put everybody's needs above his own. This time it was his turn. He needed to be alone, away from them . And he was now. He got naked and stepped into the shower. It wasn't the ocean, but it was water. At least something. Holden was in the shower for over twenty minutes by now. Sitting on the bed with his back against the bedhead, waiting for him, Sean recalled the day. When he had opened the door and looked into the eyes of Holden's dad, he knew where his partner had those amazing blue eyes from. But they weren't quite the same. The thing that always struck Sean most with Holden's eyes beside their color and those irresistible sparkles in them was their warmth . No matter how mad or angry he had ever been, one look into those eyes calmed him down and made him melt. Sean knew what was missing in the older man's look – this warmth. It made the light blue glance very cold. And though the man was obviously admiring him, Sean felt kind of uncomfortable around him. Holden's mom was quite shy and unremarkable. But from what Holden had told him she was not the woman having an own opinion. Yeah, that's exactly what she looked like. Everything about this 'family reunion' had been pretty awkward. Yep, that's the perfect word to describe the evening – awkward. Poor Holden. When even Sean felt like that, what the hell must go on in his mind. Thank God they had left immediately after Holden had disappeared. Empty phrases like 'It's late anyway.' and 'We still have some miles to drive.' were shared and they were gone. Ah, the water finally had stopped. A moment later his partner came out of the bathroom just with a towel around his waist. He looked so miserable and lost. Sean reached out his hand. \"Come here.\" While making his way to him, Holden started apologizing. \"I'm so sorry for leaving you alone. But… I couldn't stay in there any longer. I just couldn't. The indifference in his voice, as if nothing had ever happened… Those photos…\" He reached Sean and crawled into his arms, embracing him as tightly as possible. \"I couldn't be strong.\" \"Holden! Don't tell me you weren't strong! You haven't seen them like forever and now you sat there face to face. That can be overwhelming. You made a big step towards them. But you're right, it was a bit too much talk about… too much…\" \"Too much talking about you? Yes. I think I have to accept the fact that you're the real reason why they wanted to meet, Sean. It's not me. Not their son. It's the football star I live with.\" Sean sighed. \"Hey. Don't say that, love. They tried, they really did. They want you to have the photos, they're in the living room. That's a gesture, right? I'd say they are really sorry and wanna make up for it.\" Sean didn't feel confident in what he was saying there. But if he'd show the slightest hint of a doubt, Holden would never agree to another meeting with them. And that would be so wrong. Sean still couldn't understand what Holden's father had done to his son, and never would. But they were his parents, for God's sake. His mom gave birth to him, they raised him. It was just impossible that there wasn't any love left. This first get-together was a flop, yes. But he wanted Holden to be happy – and this has been everything but that. They needed to give it another try. He looked down on Holden who had already fallen asleep. Sean carefully removed the half-wet towel from him and covered his naked body with the light sheets. Then he tiptoed into the bathroom and returned after a quick wash. He didn't want Holden to be alone now. Slipping under the sheets he took his partner in his arms. \"You're safe baby, safe. No matter what.\" Holden didn't wake up, but snuggled up to Sean in a natural movement. Sean ran his fingertips over his forearm, enjoying the slight tingling of the hair on it. But with the feeling of his lover's even breath against his neck he finally dozed off too. Holden had no idea why he was here. The first meeting, or better the fiasco with his parents was just a week ago. And now he was sitting here with Sean next to him in a quiet little restaurant, waiting for them. He didn't even know how Sean had managed to persuade him to do this. Well ok, he knew it. His partner was great in talking him into things. But he also got the goddess of persuasion on board, Kathy. His secretary had been after him the whole week. Yesterday she told him how important it was to get back in the saddle again and try it just once more. In the saddle? Really? He laughed about it, but she grabbed his arm and made him sit down on the sofa in his office. When he saw her dead serious eyes he knew he had to listen to her. \"Mr. Wilson. Pease give it a try. They are your parents, the only parents you have.\" Holden wanted to bring up Sean's mom and dad, but kept silent. He knew what she was trying to say. She continued. \"You know that I love working for you. And not only because you're a great boss.\" Holden smiled at her. \"But because you are a great person. You deserve having parents that love you. And maybe they do and just couldn't show it that day. I'm sure it was strange for them too… meeting you after all those years.\" He looked into her eyes for a while and for a few seconds he tried to believe her. He couldn't however, he knew his parents better. But he was touched that she cared for him. Her care and Sean's countless attempts at persuasion resulted in him sitting here. He sighed. His left leg nervously bobbed up and down until Sean placed his hand on it and gently stroked it. Holden smiled at him and leaned against his shoulder. He closed his eyes and for a moment he wished that they wouldn't come, that it would just be Sean and him for dinner. Someone markedly cleared his throat. Opening his eyes Holden recognized his dad who now tried to look in any direction but theirs. He obviously had a hard time handling the innocent moment of affection between them. Holden shook his head. 'Yeah dad, you're right. I lean against his shoulder. Wow. I could just as well hump him on the table! Would be the same for you, wouldn't it?' Nevertheless he parted from Sean and sat straight. His parents sat down and Holden tried to fight his slightly confrontational mood down. No, he didn't feel weak today… which was good. Maybe it was due to the fresh air, they had been placed outside. Seeing his dad exclusively talking to Sean and completely ignoring him – like he used to do as long as Holden could think – and his mother hanging on his every word, made it clear. They would never be his parents, not the parents he had wished for. Being honest he already knew it since their first meeting. But that evening had completely overstrained him, because at that time his little old friend 'hope' was still living in his mind. It had made him weak. But he was sick of being weak. Somewhere along the line between then and today, sweet little 'hope' had been kicked out by his new friends, 'sense of reality' and 'fuck you'. As expected the talk was mostly about football again, but this time Holden was prepared for it. He and his new friends saw it with gallows humor. At least he had something to eat. They wanted something. Not from him, that was obvious. So the only one remaining was Sean. Holden was almost excited when his dad would come up with it. 'What is it dad? What do you want?' When his father got up and went to the restroom, his mom, who sat opposite him and again hadn't contributed much to the conversation so far, leaned over the table. \"How is your work doing, Holden?\" Holden stared at her with disbelief. \"Are you kidding me, mom? For over an hour you don't talk to me and now that he's away you come up with that?\" \"You know your dad, Holden. All he wants to talk is sport. So I just thought…\" \"Oh stop it.\" With that an awkward silence came up and remained until his dad came back. He spread an atmosphere of departure though. \"It has become late. But, Sean… I just wanted to ask you a favor.\" He nestled at the bag he had placed behind him. Holden almost felt relieved, he was right. Sean looked at him. The surprise in his eyes couldn't be overseen. \"Sure.\" Holden squinted his eyes when his dad pulled out plenty of glossy prints with Sean in his gear on them. They were followed by ten of his team's caps. \"Would you mind to sign these few things?\" Sean was apparently confused, but stayed astonishingly calm. \"Ehm, okayyy… any name on it?\" \"No it's ok, just sign it…\" The older man prepared the pen for him. Holden stared at Sean who started scribbling his name on the prints. \"What the fuck? I can't believe it.\" His partner looked somewhat helpless but Holden just shook his head. \"I'm waiting in the car.\" He glowered at his dad, took the keys out of Sean's pants pocket and left. They hadn't talked at all on the way home. When they finally arrived, Holden went straight up into the bedroom and prepared for going to sleep. Sean followed him and did the same. Pulling off his clothes he looked at his partner. \"Holden, could we please talk? What is it?\" Holden snorted. \"Come on Sean. Do me a favor and try to think with me. The stuff you signed today, what do you think, is he doing with it? Hm? Exactly! He will sell it! To the highest bidder.\" Sean looked honestly off-guard. \"No, I don't believe that.\" \"Sean. You don't know my dad. I do !\" All of a sudden his anger directed against his partner and he couldn't do anything against it. \"Anyway… where is your rage from three years ago when you first heard the story of my fucked up youth? If he had been there back then, you would have done 'God-knows-what' to him. You would have stood by my side. But today… you developed into his merchandize-signing cash cow!\" \"Holden! What…\" \"No, you know I'm right!\" Holden flopped onto his side of the bed. Sean lay down and closed the distance between them. \"I just tried to be friendly. I'm sorry if I hurt you with that. Come on love... please.\" Holden sighed and Sean continued. \"And according to the things… We both know he is a fan. Maybe the stuff is for his friends.\" Holden snorted and turned his back to him, hectically sorting his blanket. \"Friends. Yeah right. 40 close friends who all want your signed photo. And since my dad knows you, they surely don't want their name on it. You're so naïve.\" With that the conversation was over. Sean returned to his side of the bed and stared out of the window. After a while Holden thought about talking about this argument but dropped it. He was right. When Holden arrived at the office the next morning, after a night with no sleep at all, he was happy that Kathy wasn't at her desk. She would have asked about how the second meeting had been and that was the last thing he wanted to talk about right now. He had something else in his mind. He started the computer and waited for the internet connection to build up. \"Sean is too good for this world, and definitely too good for my parents!\" After flipping through some online portals and stores he found what he was looking for. The ink on the photos wasn't dry yet and his dad offered them for sale, way overpriced. \"So they're making good money. I knew it.\" They didn't want to make up for his childhood and for the way they had treated him when he came out to them. They just abused him as go-between to Sean, the great football star. Well, he wasn't even a go-between, they barely talked to him anyway. They just wanted to reap profit out of Sean. He felt tears running down his cheeks. 'Wait, what is that now? I thought, we had left that behind?' Dammit. Why could everybody he knew love him except his own parents? He buried his face in his hands and stayed like that for a while. When he looked back up the tears had dried already. That was it. They had overstepped the mark. \"You try to treat me like I don't exist and abuse Sean as source of income? No dad, not anymore.\" \"Why are we meeting your parents again? I didn't think that you would want that after last time.\" Sean looked confused and suspicious. Holden hadn't told him about what he had found out. He wanted to confront his parents with it right in front of him. \"I just wanna clarify some things. You'll see.\" The doorbell rang and Holden went to let his parents in. They took a seat on the sofa and Holden started right away. \"Dad, what were the prints and caps for the other day?\" His father seemed surprised by the direct question and started stuttering while searching for an answer. \"You sell the stuff, right?\" Holden continued shooting. Sean looked at him and then at his dad. The older man sat straight and looked at Holden with this cold gaze he knew so well. \"Yeah. Why not? He's a football star, why not make a bit money with it? What do you care?\" Holden snorted and looked at Sean, who shook his head. \"What do I care? You are so unbelievable. But you won't do that. You don't come here with your fake apology and reap profit out of us!\" Holden got up and started talking himself into a rage. \"I knew it! I so knew it when you stepped through that door for the first time! Twenty years… shit! And now that you know I'm together with a football star, you remember having a son? After fucking twenty years of nothing? You call yourself a father? Or a mother?\" His mom started crying but his father got upset, exactly the reactions he had imagined. \"Holden, watch your words. We raised you.\" \"So you're telling me I owe you something?\" The young man panted. \" Fuck you man! You didn't even talk to me when I proved to be the son with no interest in sports and all this 'man stuff'. It was like I didn't exist from the age of 5. You and her-\", he pointed at his mother, \"you gave me food and clothes. But that is not raising a child! You know what? I know Sean's parents for a month now… and they've given me more love and support than you did in those damn sixteen years I've lived with you! You gave me nothing but the feeling of being useless scum not worth the effort. Fuck!\" Tears flooded his eyes, but he had to get it out now. \"So I should honor you as parents? You remember what happened at the end of your oh so great raising, don't you? You beat the crap out of me and threw me out on the street like a rotten piece of shit. Thank you dad , thanks for that! And mom, thank you too. For doing nothing when he beat me down and broke my ribs and nose with his boots to kick the 'gay' out of me. For looking right into my eyes when he lashed me with his belt and finally knocked me out! You didn't do anything to stop him. You truly love me, I'm sure. So what do I owe you? Nothing !\" Holden finally wiped off the tears that were pouring down his face. He barely could see the two people in front of him. Expressing the rediscovered hate for them was relieving, but it also had taken all his energy. He had to leave the room, breathing the same air as them made him feel sick. He also didn't want to hear any answer – it would be a lie or bad excuse anyway. When he had passed the sofa his dad got up. \"So, what do we see here? A grown up man crying and fleeing from confrontations again. You've been weak all your life. You were as a kid and you are now. And blaming it all on us is so easy, isn't it? But it's your fault, you decided to be a disgrace for us. And now you even dragged Sean Jackson into this environment .\" Holden slowly turned around. His blue eyes were as cold as ice as he stared at his dad. He started shaking. After two more deep breaths he jumped at his father and pushed him to the ground. The pure rage made him hit the older man. Again and again. Didn't listen to his mother screaming. Didn't really notice Sean trying to get him off his father. He just couldn't stop. Soon blood started to splatter all over them and the floor. He didn't know whether it was from his father's bruised face or his own grazed knuckles. And he didn't care. This felt so good… no, it was unbelievably fucking fantastic. He heard himself laughing while his tears dropped on his dad's bloody shirt. 'Is this the feeling of going mental?' His hard punches were still not missing their target when he felt his partner's strong arms trying to interfere again. Sean tried to draw his partner off the other man as soon as he woke up from the shock. But he had underestimated Holden's strength which of course was multiplied by the hate for his father. He was like a predator not willing to let go of its prey. Sean knew he would beat his father up until he didn't move anymore. He wasn't sure that Holden would stop even then! That thought gave him chills and he once more collected all his strength. Finally he could yank his partner to the side. Once he had him he put him into a firm grip and forced him to the ground with his own weight. \" Holden calm down! He's not worth it! \" The man underneath him kicked with his feet and bucked against him to get free again. Sean had never seen Holden like that before. He felt every muscle in his partner's body tensed and ready to attack his father again. All this aggression. But he gave Holden no other choice. After a few more seconds he finally capitulated and stopped fighting against Sean, panting for air, eyes closed now. The footballer, still sitting on Holden and fixing his arms just in case, turned to see how the older man was doing. His wife now knelt by his side trying to clean his face with a tissue, but he pushed her away. He sat up, wiped the blood off his eyes with his sleeve and stared at Holden with the one eye he still could open. His face was a total mess. But he was conscious. Sean focused on Holden again. \"Can I let you out of this? You won't attack him once more, right? The old man's had enough.\" Holden seemed thinking about it. Sean could see his inner fight. But then his breath slowed down to a normal degree. \"Ok.\" Sean lifted himself up and helped Holden on his feet. He looked worn out as hell and his bloody hand was shaking. The footballer noticed that it started swelling. Some bones in it were probably broken by the sheer force of his punches. \"Still call me weak, dad?\" Holden's voice was calm, but the hate in his eyes was still there. \"Look in the mirror and tell me again that I'm weak. This seems to be the only 'language' you understand.\" His father wanted to say something, but Holden cut him off. \"Shut up! Don't say a fucking word! I have achieved so much in my life. I have a great job and an even greater man by my side. I finally know what it means to have a home and a family. And having parents that love me. I don't need you. We don't need you.\" He breathed deeply. \"And now get the fuck out of our house!\" He passed his parents without looking at them and disappeared upstairs. After Holden's speech and the fight afterwards the house now was frighteningly quiet. Sean stayed silent when Holden's parents collected themselves and where about to leave. When they were in the hallway he overheard something the man mumbled. \"He's strong… but he has no respect.\" Sean grabbed him by the shoulder and turned him around \"Wait what? What did you just say?\" He stared at the old man. \"You're talking about respect? Your teenage boy came to you and told you he is gay, because he trusted you and you beat him up and tell me something about respect ? You insinuate yourselves into our confidence to make fucking money out of me and tell me something about respect ? Then you insult your son in his own house and call our lifestyle 'environment'… and tell me something about respect ? Let me tell you something before you leave forever. You two don't deserve him as son. He is the most wonderful person I have ever met, all good and strong and endearing. Now that I know you, I think it's a miracle that he could grow into the man that he is. Thank God your environment couldn't poison his beautiful soul.\" He focused Holden's dad now. \"And the next time he decides to kick your ass I swear I won't stop him. And now… what were his words… get the fuck out of our house!\" The still bleeding man wanted to say something but decided against it. They left without another word. When he had closed the door behind them, Sean took a deep breath. All his thoughts revolved around Holden now, so he rushed up the stairs to see how he was doing. \"Ouch. Fuck.\" Holden's hand still hurt like a bitch, though it was almost a week ago now. The doctor in the hospital where Sean had brought him had put his hand in plaster and told him to keep it still for at least three weeks. He was handicapped anyway, since it was his right hand, so he didn't go to work. No, he enjoyed being at home and being cared for by his partner. Sean was really sweet, he complied with his every wish... though he didn't have many. He just asked for an extra kiss here and there. And he made Sean cook for him, every day. To his own surprise he didn't feel bad about what he had done to his dad. Ok, he didn't feel brilliant either. Beating someone up normally was under his niveau, but too much is too much. He was at peace now. He would never see those people again. He heard Sean coming home from running some errands. But who was he talking too? Holden was too lazy to get up from the sofa, he decided just to wait. But then he recognized the familiar voices beside Sean's. He jumped up – almost forgot not to support himself on his bad hand. He sneaked around the corner and a grin popped up on his face. \"Christine! Eric! What are you doing here? I thought you were coming next weekend.\" He rushed over and embraced both of them. Sean's mom inspected his hand as soon as she let him out of her hug. \"Sean called and told us that you need some cheering up. And… here we are.\" Eric patted his shoulder. \"So, what happened?\" Holden looked at Sean and put all the thankfulness he could into his smile. The other man nodded and brought his parents' luggage into the guestroom. Holden went into the kitchen to make some coffee, but Christine headed him off. \"Don't you dare to do anything for us, Holden Wilson. Get back on the couch and let me make the coffee. Eric!\" Her husband got the hint and guided Holden to the sofa. \"You have to rest, boy.\" When Sean joined them again and they had something to drink and Christine's wonderful brownies to eat, Holden looked at the Jackson family with a satisfied smile. When Sean returned the smile he sighed. \"Christine, you remember the last time we visited you and Sean told you I'm not used to so much mother love?\" She looked at him with curiosity. \"Yes. And your eyes told me not to ask you about it.\" She gave him a warm smile when he choked back the tears. Holden slightly nodded and put his cup on the table. Then he started telling his story. Christine and Eric got up at the same time and sat down on both of Holden's sides. He hadn't been crying while telling, he really was kind of proud of himself. And even when they both hugged him now, all he could do was smile. A hardly known feeling started spreading in him. 'This must be what it feels like… being loved by his parents.' Sean got up and tousled his hair to lighten up the emotional scenario. \"Welcome to the Jackson's. We're a clan of huggers.\" Holden chuckled. \"I see. I'd love to join.\" Sean's parents parted from him. Holden could see that Christine had to fight back the tears. She sighed deeply and took his hands into her own. \"You have a family now. And parents that love you for who you are – a wonderful man and our son's partner. We will always love you, no matter what.\" \"Thank you… mom.\" ~~FIN~~ ","Summary":" \"Sean come on, you want us to miss the flight?\" Sean muttered by the new interruption. He pinned "},{"Movie":"Valentine's Day, 2010","Title":"Falling","Author":"Etheria27","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8037798","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Falling By: KellyCRocker59 Sorry it's been so long! I've been totally out of ideas for some reason, but then this hit me and I went with it. I know I've done a first meeting before, but I really liked the idea of this, so here it is. I'd like to think it's better than my original one anyway. The sun always reared its head at the wrong time. Sean thought this as he attempted to look across the beach at a man standing with a woman. He was dressed in a white t-shirt that hung loose and blue swim trunks that hugged his legs. His skin was familiar to the sun's rays, colored with its heat. Normally, Sean would dismiss him as just another guy on the beach with his girlfriend or wife or whatever she was to him, but this was different. There was something about the way they interacted, the way she laughed and pushed him, and he pushed back, the way they leaned away from each other, standing too far apart. \"Dude, what's your deal?\" Sean turned back to Trey, one of his oldest friends. Trey was a hulking mass of black skin, always smiling with all his teeth like he'd never seen adversity. They'd been friends since college, and one of their oldest traditions was hanging out on the beach like this, tossing around a Frisbee and just enjoying the weather. \"Nothing, dude. Sorry.\" Sean replied, turning his attention back to him. \"Let's try this again, without the damn breeze this time.\" Trey replied, tossing the disk his way. Sean went long, lunging across the sand for it. Hot sand ran across his stomach, warming his skin. Disk in hand, he stood, sending it across the beach toward Trey. He tried to focus on the game, but instead found his mind pinned on that man, windblown hair and earnest smile practically demanding his attention. It took everything in him not to turn around and give him a look-over again. XxX \"Lauren, why don't we just go grab a lifeguard? I mean, they look busy.\" \"Holden, I haven't seen a lifeguard since we got here. Besides, I need an excuse to talk to that fine piece of man.\" His cousin replied, smiling in that way that made all the boys fumble their words. Holden sighed, hands on his hips as she walked over to the two men. The larger black man grabbed the Frisbee and held it as he noticed her approaching, the tan, smaller one turning to her. Holden had noticed him earlier, but a view from behind didn't do him justice. He was built like a lumberjack, all bulging muscle. He had a short beard and his grey swim trunks clung to his hips far too suggestively. Guys like him had a different woman in bed every other night. Holden rolled his eyes and returned to looking at the beach, trying not to focus his desires where they weren't welcome. \"Holden, Holden! I just got us invited to a par-tay !\" Lauren exclaimed, hitting him on the arm. \"What?\" Holden asked, raising his limb in defense as she landed another blow, joy uncontained and casting her face aglow. \"Yeah! I asked Trey – that's the hot one – and he said that there's an awesome pizza shack just a few miles down the road. He says it gets busy sometimes, but whatever the wait, it's totally worth it. Then he said that Sean – that's the one you'd think is hot – is having a get-together on the beach tonight. That's his house right over there, the massive mansion!\" She exclaimed, pointing. Holden turned and eyed the house. It was a formidable structure, modern and yet somehow still oozing testosterone. He doubted this Sean man had actually picked it out himself. \"Anyway, he's having a party tonight, and Trey invited us! Sean sort of looked at him, but then when Trey asked if that was okay, Sean said 'the more the merrier!' I can't believe we've been here for a week and we actually got invited to a beach party! I mean, does that sort of thing happen to normal people?\" Holden shrugged, looking over at the two men, who had returned to their game of Frisbee. \"I don't know, but I'm starving.\" XxX \"You were crushing on that dude hard; don't even try to deny it.\" \"Yeah, whatever.\" Sean mumbled, grabbing an apple from the fridge and tossing it at Trey. He caught it and took a bite as Sean got a glass of water. \"I still think it's weird that you keep your apples in the fridge, by the way.\" \"It makes them taste better.\" Sean explained, for the twelfth time, surely. \"Anyway, I did you a favor. You're too cautious all the time. Somebody's gotta get you laid.\" \"You ever think maybe I'm waiting for the right person?\" Sean questioned. Trey snorted, and Sean was smiling before he even finished the words. \"You're a professional football player, dude. I know you have to be careful to not let people know, but there's also a line of guys from here to Washington that would jump in your bed if you looked at them.\" Sean shrugged. \"I don't know, I like it to be at least a little special, you know?\" Trey nodded. \"Yeah, that's how I was during my college days. The easy ones were never as fun as the ones that took all the effort. That guy today is probably gonna take some persuading.\" \"Yeah, if he even swings my way.\" Sean replied. \"Oh, he swings your way. No way in hell he's just friends with that fine ass honey and straight.\" \"How do you know they aren't together?\" Sean asked. \"Dude, did you see the way she was checking out my chest?\" XxX By the time they arrived at the party that night, Holden was rethinking this idea. He hadn't been to something this sketchy since all those frat parties in college. He didn't think it was exactly the same thing, but he hadn't even met Sean himself, and Lauren's interaction amounted to a few seconds of dialogue. \"Come on, Holden, stop being so weird!\" She said, pulling the sleeve of his flannel toward the front door. There were already cars filling the spacious driveway, some of them sideways on the road. He just knew Lauren was going to try to jump that Trey's bones, and he'd be left to make friends like the new kid in high school. As drunk as people were bound to be, he really didn't like that idea. She knocked on the front door, and when there wasn't an answer within thirty seconds, she turned the doorknob. It was unlocked, and Lauren stepped inside. Having no other options, Holden followed. The place was very nicely furnished, once again not likely to be due in any part to the homeowner. \"Where are the drinks?\" Lauren asked a friendly-looking blonde standing by a couch. \"In the kitchen. It's self-serve.\" Lauren walked them over, as Holden was mildly surprised that Sean hadn't hired a bartender. She grabbed a bottle of Grey Goose and filled a glass half full, taking a bottle of orange juice and filling the glass two-third's full. \"Why mess around?\" She justified. Having been out to bars with Lauren before, Holden didn't question it. He opted for a bottle of beer and followed her out onto the porch. The beach was lit by a small fire, which aided the moon in illuminating the majority of the guests. There were only about twenty-five people there, about a third as many as Holden had been expecting, and probably a fourth as many as could be fit into Sean's house. Lauren headed down the steps and to the beach, in search. Holden once again followed her lead, spotting Sean there by the fire, talking to a pretty brunette in a dress that was too low on her chest and too high for her legs. He grumbled inwardly as another of his preconceived notions was proven true. \"Come on, I'll introduce you to Trey!\" Lauren said, like he was some long lost friend she'd recently discovered. She tugged his hand in the opposite direction of Sean, for which he was grateful. He glanced at Sean once last time, to find the man looking over at him. He tore his eyes away and fought off the way his lungs sort of collapsed in his chest. Trey was talking to a shorter man, who looked like a dwarf beside the hulk. \"Hi, Trey!\" Lauren greeted brightly. \"Well, hi, Miss! Lauren, right?\" He asked, tilting his beer in her direction. She nodded, beaming with joy. \"I thought I'd introduce my cousin, Holden.\" Trey nodded at him. Holden noticed something catch in his eyes, but it was gone before he could read it. \"Hi, I'm Trey.\" He stretched out his hand, and Holden shook it. \"This is Matt. He's one of my friends from work.\" \"Where do you work?\" Lauren asked. \"At an advertising company.\" He replied, and Holden chuckled inwardly. Any answer besides personal trainer or professional weight lifter would've seemed odd. \"Have you met Sean?\" Trey asked him. \"Yeah, I should take you to meet Sean!\" Lauren replied, turning to search out the other man. \"Actually, Matt, do you need more to drink? I downed this beer quicker than I meant.\" Holden said, sighing in relief when Matt nodded. \"I could use another beer.\" \"Okay; Matt and I are gonna head back to the kitchen and give you two some time alone.\" Holden replied. \"Oh…okay.\" Lauren said, immediately perking up at the prospect of time alone with Trey. Holden struck up some easy conversation about work and business with Matt on their walk back, this time being sure to completely avoid Sean's general direction. XxX Sean looked up and down the beach for that man. Holden, Trey had told him on his way across the beach with Lauren. Apparently they had hit it off, because Trey had decided to take her on a stroll down the beach side. Sean had watched Holden head back to the house with one of Trey's friends, fighting a twinge of disappointment at the sight. Whenever he had finally managed to catch Holden's gaze when he was walking over to talk to Trey, he had tried to show some interest as best he could, but Holden had looked away so quickly he had considered that his initial theory was wrong. Now though, he thought it was just him. That idea was thrown to the wind though when he looked up at the porch to see Holden leaning against it, staring out at the ocean in the sort of way that made Sean want to go talk to him. It was a stupid idea, he knew, but he really wasn't doing anything other than feigning interest in yet another of this desperate woman's stories of her bad behavior in college. \"Excuse me, I think one of my best friends is here.\" He said, offering up one of the poorest excuses he had ever given. She seemed a bit taken aback, but he left her by the fire regardless, walking across the sand with his eyes staying on Holden the entire time. He stepped onto the porch, vacant of any other guests, and leaned against it beside Holden. \"Sorry the party's kind of a bust. Trey wanted to hire a DJ, but I figured that was a bit much.\" He began, as easily as he could. Holden jerked a bit at the sound and looked over at him curiously before offering a slight smile. Just as Sean was feeling warmth in his chest, Holden looked back out at the ocean. \"Yeah, that might've been a little too far.\" \"You have any suggestions about how to liven things up? I mean, you seem like the type to be the life of the party.\" He said. \"Sorry; I'm just sort of awkward in big crowds. I'm sure everybody else is having a great time.\" \"Well, I'm not worried about anyone else.\" Sean replied. It was a risky reply, and he drew a breath as soon as he said it. Holden just sort of looked at him, kind of like he had moments before, but then something in his shoulders gave, something Sean hadn't realized he'd been holding until it was gone. \"I'm…well, I'm good now that you're talking to me.\" Sean couldn't fight the smile he gave him, and Holden returned it before looking back out at the ocean. Sean turned his attention there as well, scooting closer so that their arms brushed. Holden didn't budge. \"So, Holden's the name?\" He began. \"You'd be correct. Sean, I believe?\" Sean smiled despite himself at that, noticing the lack of irony in Holden's tone. \"Yeah, that sounds about right. Sean Jackson.\" \"Holden Wilson.\" It was the end of the reply. Sean left it at that, cherishing this moment where they were equal in both their eyes. \"So are you new to the city?\" Sean asked. \"Yeah; my cousin and I are just here for the summer. We thought a summer on the coast would a great getaway.\" \"No job to tie you down?\" \"I work in realty. They're pretty lenient as to where I can do business. What about you?\" Sean cringed. He hated this moment. Every time, without fail, it was the moment it no longer became about getting to know him, and all about getting to know his bedroom. \"I'm a professional football player.\" He replied. Holden looked over at him with an eyebrow quirked and a slight smile. Sean braced himself for the response; a new spin on the same idea. \"You don't say? I don't think I've ever met a professional football player. I'm surprised we're actually getting along. The jocks at my high school always drove me crazy.\" Holden said, and then turned back. \"That's it?\" Sean asked, incredulous. \"What, you wanna sign my chest or something?\" Holden asked, his face contorted in annoyance but his eyes filled with good nature. Sean shrugged, going along with it. \"Yeah, actually, I was. You have a better place for it?\" Holden laughed. \"Yeah, maybe once I actually get to know you, big guy.\" Sean smiled genuinely, and silence fell peacefully over them. Some of the guests were getting playful on the beach, alcohol loosening morals as several couples formed. \"I don't know what to do now. That was my main selling point.\" \"Don't even; those pretty eyes of yours do a lot more for me than your salary.\" \"I was actually admiring your beautiful personality. Who's the shallow one now?\" Holden laughed again, and Sean liked the way it sounded. He actually considered telling everyone else the party was over and just stay on the porch with Holden. It was nice in a way he hadn't known since high school, when he'd sit with his best friend in his car and talk about college. \"Can I see your phone?\" Holden asked suddenly. Sean fished it out of his pocket and handed it over. Holden pushed several buttons, and then typed for a little while before handing it back. \"Now you have no excuse not to get ahold of me again.\" Holden explained. \"Trust me, I wouldn't let you pass me by.\" Sean replied. The grin he got from Holden was big, and he couldn't help the urge to mentally pat himself on the back. \"You wanna go somewhere quieter?\" Sean asked. Holden raised an eyebrow. \"Is this you trying to get me into bed?\" \"I can honestly say it's not.\" He replied, falling serious. \"Okay then; take me where you may, Sean.\" He couldn't help but enjoy being called by first name, so simply. Like it was just so easy. He led Holden back inside and upstairs, to his bedroom balcony. There were several padded chairs there, and he took a seat, Holden following suit. \"This is a nice little arrangement.\" Holden commented, looking up at the moon, glimmering bright in the sky. \"I try. And by that, I mean my interior decorator tries.\" Holden snorted, smiling. \"Yeah, I figured as much.\" \"So tell me about you, Holden Wilson. Tell me what makes you who you are.\" \"Only if you promise to do the same.\" Holden replied. \"I think I can do that.\" XxX Sean woke up to the sun glaring in his eyes. He forgot the repercussions of not closing his curtains at night. His senses returned to him, and he blinked a few times, realizing he wasn't alone. Tangled in the sheets with him was Holden, flannel gone but jeans still in tact. The slight rise and fall of his chest signaled his sleep, leg hooked over Sean's, arms tucked against his chest. Sean's memories returned to him. Talking until every guest was gone. Trey's knowing eye as he took Lauren home with him. Having another beer and just sitting out on his balcony, talking more and laughing a bit louder as the alcohol hit their bloodstreams. Holden getting up to leave at three, but Sean convincing him to stay the night, considering he'd had several beers by then. He remembered pushing Holden against his wall and kissing him hard, but then a little more gently. He remembered Holden returning it. And then he remembered them collapsing in his bed, Holden complaining of the heat and discarding his shirt. And now they were here. Now, with the sun up and nothing to mask the happenings of the previous night. Sean sat up, looking out at the ocean that stretched past the horizon. He looked back down at Holden, a beautiful picture of limbs and blankets. What was he supposed to do now? He hadn't really been in a relationship since he went pro. Was he supposed to ask Holden to leave? Because right now, seeing the other man in his bed, he didn't want him to ever leave. Was he supposed to ask him out on a date, this soon? Was he supposed to tell Holden how much he'd connected with him, how he felt like he'd known him for years? Was he supposed to kiss him good morning or let him wake up himself and pretend like they had just met? Technically, they had just met, but it felt so different. He didn't know. He didn't know what he was supposed to do now, and as he looked at Holden again, he didn't care. He would figure it out in time. He wanted to figure things out and fit this man into his life, but it could wait. Right now, he was going to go make them each a cup of coffee. ","Summary":" Falling By: KellyCRocker59 Sorry it's been so long! I've been totally out of ideas for some reason,"},{"Movie":"Valentine's Day, 2010","Title":"Ours","Author":"Etheria27","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7694281","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ours By: KellyCRocker59 \"Holden, can you pass Mr. Hamilton the documents?\" Holden looked up, realizing he had lost himself in his coffee cup. Early morning meetings were the demons he just couldn't face down. He grabbed the paperwork from his bag hanging off his chair and slid them across the table at the potential buyer. This was a big deal that they were settling; he should really be more alert. He took a sip of coffee for good measure. Mr. Hamilton said he would think about things, which left Holden to return to his desk. He was planning on working through a few spreadsheets and talking to some clients, but somehow he found himself browsing pictures of corgis. He sighed, face in palm, and let his eyes wander to the picture framed in black, set up beside his computer. He smiled at the couple, both bright smiles, sitting by the lake. That hot summer afternoon felt like a different lifetime. Before the changes. Before commitment. Before life got away from him. \"Holden, I need those spreadsheets on my desk before you leave today.\" Holden nodded, having quickly opened the documents to his screen before anyone could notice. The rest of the day he labored away at them; what had once been simple busywork felt grueling now, with so little motivation. He stopped by the convenience store before heading home that evening. He was getting tired of the drive-through, and the kitchen was barren. With a box of brown rice, a jar of marinara sauce, and some onions bagged up, he checked out. He took the long way home just because he could. Holden set the items down on his counter just as his phone began to ring in his pocket. He pulled it out, silencing the ringtone and instead getting a feeble hello. \"Hey, Dad.\" He replied, kicking off his shoes before walking into the living room and taking a seat on the plush couch. \"I was wondering, Son…could you pick me up tomorrow, around two? If you have to work, it's fine...\" \"No, Dad, I can make it work.\" He said, forcing the muscles in his shoulders to ease as he rested his feet on the coffee table. \"You sure? I don't want you getting in trouble at work.\" \"It's fine, Dad; I'll just call in and do the work I need to do at home. I've built up quite a few sick days as it is.\" \"Thank you, Holden. I just…I really need to see her.\" \"I understand.\" Holden whispered, biting at his lip. Silence stretched on between them, and Holden wondered for a moment if his dad had hung up. \"So…I'll see you around two?\" He asked. \"Holden, I just…I want to know...I'm so grateful. You didn't…I'm so sorry for this.\" \"Dad, don't.\" Holden said, biting deep into his lip now, fighting back the wetness building in the corners of his eyes. \"I just want you to know how much you mean to me. How much everything you've done means to me.\" His dad explained. \"I'll see you at two, alright? I love you, Dad.\" Holden answered. \"I love you too, Son.\" His dad replied, and Holden hung up the phone. He cooked dinner to the sound of soft rock music, cutting up the onions and stirring them into the rice and sauce. He enough food for six, ended up eating for two, and stored the rest in the refrigerator. His phone lit up as he was changing into pajama pants and a white t-shirt. He walked over to it setting on the dresser, and he didn't register the smile that broke his face. I miss you. He couldn't text back fast enough. I miss you too. Holden slept uneasy, still not used to this bed, to the solitude. It had hurt some nights, so bad that first few months that he had to cling to a body pillow and turn on the soothing sound of synthetic rain from a speaker. Now, he was just uncomfortable and restless. He got up and watched a cheesy 90's rerun, then another, then an hour of the shopping network, just because he could. He didn't fall asleep on the couch until two in the morning. His alarm woke him at seven, all the way from the other room, and it was quite the trek into his bedroom to shut it off. He rubbed at his eyes and grabbed his phone, calling work and telling them he would be staying in today and would try to get some stuff done at home. They were pretty laid back, as long as he met his deadlines. He dressed in his best suit before he picked up his dad. They checked out at the front desk, the young attendant giving him a warm smile. He returned it as platonically as possible, guiding his dad out to his car. The drive was agonizing, filled with nothing but air and unspoken words. He couldn't think of a conversation to start, not when his dad was so focused on where they were going, what they were about to do. They arrived at the vacant cemetery, and Holden parked by a tree, helping his dad out. A short walk across a manicured stretch of grass found them at the tombstone. Holden felt like a brick had settled on his chest, as he watched his dad kneel before the stone and run a hand gingerly over the surface. No words were spoken. Holden stood there as his dad knelt, stronger now that he had seemed in months. Holden helped him up after what felt like mere minutes, but when they returned to the car, the time read that they had been there for an hour. Holden took his dad out to dinner at a little Italian café, one his parents used to frequent. \"How are you, Son?\" His dad asked, hands folded over the menu. Holden shrugged as he flipped through his, attempting to escape eye contact. \"Holden, talk to me. I know how hard this must be. If it's anything like it was when I went into the military and left your mom…\" \"Dad, I just…I can't.\" Holden said, closing his menu and setting it down on the table. \"I can't talk about it.\" \"C'mon, Son. You need to talk to someone. Have you made any friends here?\" \"Sort of; I have a few friends from work. No one especially close.\" \"So why not talk to your old man about it?\" Holden held his gaze now. He sighed, looking away. \"I miss him. Every day.\" He looked up a bit to see his dad nod. \"I understand.\" Holden didn't question that much. \"I just…sometimes, I wish I was stronger, you know? Like, I shouldn't feel the separation so deep in my core, like there's a part of me missing.\" \"Holden, that's how it is when you're in love. When I was away from your mom, I thought about her every day. I took out her picture late one night and just sobbed. The difference is that I didn't have control over my situation. You do.\" \"I can't just leave you here, Dad. Not after everything…\" \"Oh, stop. I love you Son, and I love all that you've done for me, but being there today, just that close to your mom, it made me realize that I'm getting better. I know it was rough those first few weeks. Hell, the first few months were brutal. But I made it through them, thanks to you. I think it's about time for you to go back to your real home.\" \"Dad…\" Holden began. \"No, Son. You deserve to be happy, more than anyone I've ever known in my life. And I'm not just saying that as your dad.\" Holden sighed. \"Promise me you'll be gone by the end of the week?\" \"That's way too sudden! I have to give my two weeks notice, as is.\" Holden replied. \"Don't even; I know they just transferred you here from your other job. You transfer back, no big deal. Stop trying to make yourself miserable.\" \"I'm not miserable here, Dad.\" Holden replied, but as it left his lips, he realized how unconvincing it sounded. \"You're away from a part of you. Of course you're miserable.\" The next week passed far too slowly. As the days got closer and Holden began to pack his bags, he realized just how much he thought it didn't deserve this. When had he become his own worst enemy? He shook it off, and by Friday night, he was itching to be home, to be back in his real home, in his real bed. He was ready to be whole again. The taxi ride to the house that Saturday night saw him in a state of frenetic energy, barely contained. His dad was the only one who knew he was going back home. As they pulled into the driveway, Holden grabbed his various bags from the back, and stumbled toward the door. He pulled out his key, sliding it in the lock and pushing the door open with his hip. The entryway was just as he'd left it; a bit messy, but what was one to expect with no woman in the house? He dragged his bags in, setting them aside and closing the door behind him. He listened for a second, trying to pick up sound in the quiet home. He heard it; second story, a familiar whizzing. He nudged his shoes aside with his foot, and then headed up the stairs. His throat was tight, his heart hammering in his ears. He walked down the hall, to the furthest room, the door open. The look on Sean Jackson's face when he saw him was a moment Holden would never forget. The man, dressed only in athletic shorts and tennis shoes with iPod blasting in his ears as he ran on the treadmill, did a double take as Holden stood in the doorway. Then, he tripped and fell off the treadmill. \"Sean!\" Holden gasped as a loud thud resounded. But Sean was on his feet in seconds, mashing the machine off, before he took a few careful steps toward the other man, breathing gradually evening out. \"You…you're…\" He began, voice weak as his hands came up to grasp Holden's face, thumbs pressing against cheekbones. Holden nodded, and then Sean's lips were shoved against his, tongue pushing into his mouth, hands moving along his body, touching as much of him as he could. A fire ignited inside Holden at Sean's aggression, his back pressed against a wall, and he didn't even know how he got there. There was so much he couldn't say, too much from the year he had been away. His hands drug along Sean's back, blunt nails leaving brief red lines. He returned the kiss as best he could, noses interfering as they both attempted to feel every bit of each other that they could. Sean growled against his lips, practically keeping Holden upright with a knee between his legs. Somehow Sean managed to get them away from the wall and to their bedroom. Holden's clothes were off before he even realized where he was, his hands working at Sean's shorts of their own accord, instinct taking over. Sean collapsed on Holden's back, both men outstretched on the bed, panting. \"I love you so much.\" He said into Holden's ear. \"I love you too. It hurts sometimes.\" Holden replied, burying his face in a pillow. \"You have no idea.\" Sean said, rolling off of the other man and lying on his back, staring at the spinning ceiling fan. Holden rolled over, settling his head on the other man's chest as Sean's arm came around him, pulling him in. \"You seem…stronger. Like you've been working out more.\" \"I had to do something to take my mind off of you. Seriously babe, you don't even…I'm just glad you're here.\" \"I'm back for good, you know.\" Holden added, fingers dancing along the toned muscles of Sean's stomach. The other man's arm drew him closer still. \"I didn't dare to assume that. But…just…thank God.\" Holden laughed, leaning up on his elbows and kissing Sean. Sean returned it, almost not pulling away when Holden did, settling back on his chest. \"I was assuming you'd just have the weekend. At least now we don't have to have sex six more times tonight.\" \"Yeah, but one more time would be nice.\" Holden replied, smiling. \"Yeah, it would.\" Sean replied, maneuvering so that he could get Holden on top of him. They were both whole again. ","Summary":" Ours By: KellyCRocker59 \"Holden, can you pass Mr. Hamilton the documents?\" Holden looked up, real"},{"Movie":"Valentine's Day, 2010","Title":"Life after you","Author":"songs4mylove","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7658107","Passage":"[Chapter 1] After getting off his flight Holden entered his home that he shared with Sean. He was met with the aroma of flowers and sented candles. He walked through the house and didn't see Sean. \"Sean!\" he yelled out. He walked futher into the house and saw flower pedals leading out to the balcany. Standing in the sand was Sean and he was standing in a huge heart made of candles. \"What are you doing?\" he called out. \"Why don't you come down here and see!\" Sean yelled up at him. Holden joined Sean on the beach. He walked up to him. \"I was coming back here to get my things.\" Sean nodded \"I know but I heard this song and it made me think of you.\" \"Sean\" Holden started to say \"Just hear me out okay. I know I really hurt you and I know you'd probably never forgive me but just listen.\" Sean walked over to a radio and pushed play. Holden smiled as a fimular tune hit his ears. \"You're trying to bribe me with my favorite song Sean?\" Sean smiled \"Maybe.\" Holden tried not to but he couldn't help but smile as Sean started to sing the song. I'm ten miles from town and I just broke down Spittin' out smoke on the side of the road I'm out here alone just tryin' to get home To tell you I was wrong but you already know Believe me I won't stop at nothin' To see you so I've started runnin' All that I'm after is a life full of laughter As long as I'm laughin' with you I'm thinkin' that all that still matters is love ever after After the life we've been through 'Cause I know there's no life after you Sean walked up to Holden and took his hand. He then tweraled him aorund and watched as he smiled. Then he stepped back again. The last time we talked, the night that I walked Burns like an iron in the back of my mind I must've been high to say you and I Weren't meant to be and just wastin' my time Oh, why did I ever doubt you? You know I would die here without you All that I'm after is a life full of laughter As long as I'm laughin' with you I'm thinkin' that all that still matters is love ever after After the life we've been through 'Cause I know there's no life after you Sean got down on his knees You and I, right or wrong, there's no other one After this time I spent alone It's hard to believe that a man with sight could be so blind Thinkin' 'bout the better times, must've been outta my mind So I'm runnin' back to tell you All that I'm after is a life full of laughter Without you God knows what I'd do, yeah All that I'm after is a life full of laughter As long as I'm laughin' with you I'm thinkin' 'bout all that still matters is love ever after After the life we've been through, yeah Know there's no life after you Know there's no life after you. Holden suddently said. Sean smiled. Know there's no life after you. Holden: Know there's no life after you Sean: Know there's no life after you Holdne: Know there's no life after you Sean: Know there's no life after you. Know there's no life after you, yeah. Sean got up and wakled back up to Holden. \"I came out and I promise you that I'll never go back in. You're the love of my life and Im want to spent the rest of my life making it up to you. Just jive me a chance.\" Holden scouldn't stop smiling. \"I can't believe you actually came out Sean and I can't believe you just told me that you love me.\" Sean shrugged \"And you love me too right?\" Holden sighed \"Of coures I lvoe you but-\" Sean looked down \"But-\" \"But\" Holden says again. \"I hope you never sing to me again because that was frightning.\" he started laughing. Sean smiled \"So does that mean you forgive me?\" Holden walked up to Sean and kissed him. \"Yes and I can't believe you did all this for me. No one has ever done anything like this for me.\" \"You're worth much more Holden.\" Sean said. The next day Sean was asleep when he felt himself being shook. \"Five more minutes.\" Holden chucked \"Come on Sean wake up.\" Sean sat up and looked at holden. \"Good to see that you're not tired after last night.\" Holden blushed and looked away. \"Shut up.\" Holden chuckled \"What's worng?\" \"Where is my toothbrush?\" Holden asked \"Umm\" Sean said \"I threw it away.\" Holden nodded \"I figured you did.\" \"I have extra ones that I just baught.\" Sean said pointing to his bag. \"Thank you\" Holden got up only to be pulled back down. \"Why are you in such a hurry Holden we don't have anywhere to go today.\" Sean started kissing Holden \"Come lets just stay in bed all day.\" Holden shrugged \"Sounds good to me.\" END A/N REVIEW PLEASE ","Summary":" After getting off his flight Holden entered his home that he shared with Sean. He was met with the "},{"Movie":"Valentine's Day, 2010","Title":"I Wish I Had Stayed","Author":"Etheria27","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7706293","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I Wish I Had Stayed By: KellyCRocker59 These two have just been igniting some creativity in me lately! I hope you enjoy another one-shot. The cool breeze chilled Sean's face as he pressed lock on the car. Holden came to his side, fastening his scarf more firmly around his neck. \"This weather will never feel natural to me.\" Sean took a few steps forward, feet crunching the leaves beneath. He took in the scene before him, pushing open the rusty gate that rose to his hip. He heard Holden behind him, hurrying to catch up. He looked to his left, studying the way the trio of swings wavered in the breeze, chains clinking against bolts. A merry-go-round rested like a sphinx of Egypt, graffiti painting a crude masterpiece of the town. Sean turned toward his right, the majestic jungle gym of his childhood now only up to servicing a family of squirrels. Another smaller set stood beside it, painted chipped away from monkey bars that he could stick his head through. He moved through the park, to a bench doused in whitewash, black marker revealing countless teenage love affairs scrawled across its surface. \"I kissed the only girl I've ever kissed on this bench.\" He said, studying several signatures. \"You never told me you were with a girl.\" Holden replied. \"Katie Smith. It was one date, and when she kissed me, that was when I knew I was gay. I was fourteen.\" Sean walked past the bench and further into the park until it became a pond, mostly dried up, though there were still a few brave fish traversing the waters. \"You wanna go for a swim?\" Sean asked, turning to Holden with a big grin, bursting out in laughter at the way Holden's face contorted into disgust only to attempt to change it at the last minute. Sean followed the pond until they reached a bridge, recently repainted. He stopped halfway across and looked out at the pond. Childhood memories of sticks that became swords under the laws of a bright imagination, of games of capture the flag along the walking trail that circled the pond, of the vastness that the stream provided as it left sight, headed into town; it all seemed so simple now, so… easy . Sean sighed, leaning against the railing. Holden leaned against it beside him. They stayed there for a while, Sean catching the other man burrowing deeper into his jacket and scarf as the winds picked up, rattling naked trees. His nostalgia was running away from him, no slave to time. His heart started to ache a little, as he took the entire scene into observation. \"Let's head over to school.\" Sean said. XxX \"Shit.\" He muttered, yanking at the fence in frustration. He looked over the chain links to the debilitated building, bricks strewn across the ground. The old high school had long since been abandoned, roof caved in at several points, the fountain no longer running in the miniscule courtyard. He turned around, walking past Holden and back to the car. \"Seriously, Sean; that's it?\" He turned back to Holden, who had walked to the fence, fingers hooked through the chain. \"What do you mean?\" \"We…\" Holden hooked his foot into the opening, hoisting himself up as his other foot lodged in the chain higher up. \"are getting into that school, one way or another.\" \"Holden, what the…\" Holden had made short work of the fence, at the top. He swung his leg over and began to scale back down the other side. \"Come on!\" He urged, smiling. \"Holden Wilson, when did you get so athletic?\" Sean questioned, coming at the fence with a running leap. XxX \"It's crazy what twenty-five years and a minor tornado can do to a place.\" Sean said, walking down what was once a hallway. The lockers that lined the walls were in various forms of destruction. The light of the sun lit up all the classrooms they passed, free to illuminate the rooms with all the windows shattered. Holes in the roof ranged from softball-sized to engine-sized, bricks littering the floor around them. Sean stopped near the end of the hall, right before the cafeteria. \"This is where my locker used to be. I remember I had a good view of Elliot Tucker from here.\" He pointed over to locker right by the cafeteria. \"Every day of sophomore year he'd get run over by some senior jock rushing to be first in line for lunch. I'd barrel through the crowd and help him pick up his books. I kissed him that summer. He didn't take it too well.\" \"Thank God.\" Holden replied, bumping his shoulder. \"No offense.\" Sean stepped toward the cafeteria, but there was too much rubble. Instead, he took the opening of the principal's office and went through the back door. They walked along the trail toward the stadium, once so prestigious but now seeming like a diorama compared to the NFL stadiums that he had become so used to. He felt a wave of sadness as he remembered the way he could recognize every teenager painted in school colors, cheering from the student section. \"Come on.\" Sean said as he stepped up on the rickety bleacher step, turning and outstretching his hand. Holden took it, and Sean held it tight, guiding him along the bleachers until they reached the middle, situated right between the two end-goals. One was broken in half, the other gone. Sean took a seat, and Holden did so as well. Sean looked down the field, toward where the concession stand once was, nestled below the visitor's side of the bleachers.. He remembered heading over there after the game for a snickers, and earning hollers from students and parents alike. His heart swelled at the thought. Holden's thumb ran along the back of his hand, settled on his knee. \"What are you thinking?\" Sean shrugged, and Holden leaned into his side, head resting on his shoulder. \"Just…thinking about everything. Good and bad.\" \"Do you miss it?\" He couldn't respond to that, not at first. He scanned the stadium, filling it with his memories. More wins than losses, and what felt like endless applause after that final touchdown, when he pulled his helmet off and raised it into the air for mere effect. \"I miss how easy things used to be. But I don't miss how difficult other things were.\" Holden didn't reply, so he went on. \"I miss the air here. It's so crisp. If someone put a filter through the air back home, it wouldn't taste this good. I miss how I used to know everyone. How a trip to the donut shop meant seeing at least three friends and multiple kind acquaintances. But mostly, I miss the simplicity of it all; nothing to worry about except winning the game that Friday night. Coming back, I don't feel that overwhelming suffocation that I always woke up with, that I could never get rid of. I don't remember praying for graduation so I could leave here and be around people who would get me, get who I was. I was always looking toward the future. I wish I'd cherished this more.\" His heart felt less heavy in his chest, Holden's arm soothing around his back. He looked at the grass, dried up and sparse amongst the dirt field. \"Is it alright if we stop by one last place?\" XxX \"It's better than the school, at least.\" Sean said, bringing weather-numbed fingers up to the vents of the car, blowing heat through the car. Parked on a hill, the vehicle overlooked a small house. He watched as two children dressed in pants and jackets bounced on a large trampoline in the back yard. The house was blue, a lighter shade than he remembered. A man was on the back porch grilling, smoke twisting and rolling in the wind. A woman sat with a mug at the small table on the porch, observing her children. The yard was more manicured than those twenty-five years ago, and there hadn't been a back porch. But at least it wasn't a shack. At least someone was there, taking care of it. The oak tree still stood majestic in the back corner of the yard, a single swing fastened to the strongest limb. He hoped his two favorite dogs were still there, buried beneath roots that were sure to have spread over their bones. It was so easy to conjure up himself as a child, running around that backyard with a football, dogs bounding playfully around him. His dad would be standing at the back door with a beer, watching him with a smile, while his mom cooked a big dinner. He could remember lying beneath the stars with his parents the night before his graduation, talking about college and moving out and how life would change, how things would be different. \"You alright?\" He held Holden's hand tight in his, sniffing hard. \"Yeah, m'alright.\" \"You're not.\" Holden replied, but it was gentle. \"You ever wonder if you ended up in the right place? If your life went in the best direction it possibly could?\" \"Something like that, yeah. I wonder sometimes.\" Sean kept his eyes on the family. \"I have been lately. I mean, I know that I have a great life. I'm doing what I love, I have a great family, and that's before I even get to you…\" \"But you wonder what your life would be like if you had never gotten out of here.\" \"Yeah. And sometimes, I don't know, I…I wonder what it would be like to move back here. I mean, I'd never ask you to do that, but…\" \"Sean, I'd go with you anywhere you wanted. If you wanted to move back here, I'd do it.\" Sean turned to him then, just studying the other man as he held his gaze. His heart throbbed for an entirely different reason, and he gave Holden a small smile before turning back to the family. \"I just think sometimes, if maybe this would be a better place to raise a family than where we are. I'd like to start a family, you know?\" \"I know. I want to too. And you're right; a smaller town like this would be better for kids. It'd be easier for them to make friends, and easier for them to make sense of the world.\" \"But I know I couldn't be happy here. I'd get restless, I'd never really settle down. I couldn't do it, not knowing what the city feels like. And I know that if it's too small for me, it's sure as hell too small for you.\" Holden laughed. \"Yeah. Yeah, it definitely is.\" The kids got off the trampoline as the man plated the meat from the grill. The woman stood, and they all headed inside. \"Do you ever wish you had stayed?\" \"Sometimes. When you're away on business and I'm at home alone, lying on the couch and just thinking. When I'm lying there, I think about what it would be like to have met you in a small town like that. I think about what we would have done, or if we would've left. And I don't think we would have. I would have had you, and we would have stayed there. I would have worked some job that paid the bills, you may have become an accountant or something, we would have had a few kids, and we would have just let life go by.\" \"Must you paint me into every scenario?\" \"Of course. You're my game-changer.\" \"You're what?\" \"You know,\" Sean said, turning to look at Holden's bewildered face, \"the game-changer. The thing in everyone's life that explains why the past happened like it did, how the present is, and what the future will be. The thing that affects the rest of your life.\" Holden smiled. \"Sometimes I think you get lost in your own head for fun.\" \"No more than you do.\" Sean said, grinning. Holden leaned forward, hand resting against the side of Sean's face before he kissed him. Sean returned it, grabbing the back of Holden's neck and deepening it for a moment before Holden pulled back. Sean pushed their foreheads together, their breaths mixing. \"I wouldn't change anything.\" Sean said. \"Good. Because I wouldn't either.\" Holden replied. \"Now come on; we should get home.\" Sean nodded, pulling back and putting the car in reverse. He stopped for a minute, putting his foot on the break. Holden turned to him, eyebrow raised. \"What?\" \"I think we should have a kid.\" His smile this time was more gradual. Sean cherished the way the creases on his brow formed as his lips rose over his teeth. \"I think we should, too.\" And then Sean turned the car around, and they headed back home. ","Summary":" I Wish I Had Stayed By: KellyCRocker59 These two have just been igniting some creativity in me late"},{"Movie":"Valentine's Day, 2010","Title":"Summertime Sadness","Author":"Etheria27","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7864968","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Summertime Sadness This could be viewed as a continuation of the Decode 'verse. Enjoy! Holden looked at the clouds. The sky was dark as the winds of fall settling into their standard rhythm. It was too early for this. The grass beneath his feet felt cold, and if it was a comfort, then it was a fleeting one. He sighed, crossing his arms over his chest. There was too little time, really. A hand came to his shoulder, and his sigh was deeper as a blanket was laid across his shoulders. He turned and offered Sean a half smile, the other boy standing alongside him without a word. He looked like a man now, just three months out of high school. His jaw seemed sharper, his eyes more trained. Summer had been a time for growth and maturation. Holden's had manifested in a different way. He was smarter now, knew the world better. If only he hadn't learnt it so well. \"Tomorrow's the day.\" Sean remarked. Holden shook his head. \"I don't wanna think about it.\" Sean didn't reply. That's how it had gone all summer. There were good times, sure, but too much of it was tarnished by the overwhelming oppression of the future. Holden pulled the blanket tight around his shoulders as a shiver ran down his back without his consent. Sean moved closer, arm curling over his hip and drawing Holden against him. \"Stop worrying so much, babe.\" Sean said, more a plea than a command. \"It's just going to be really tough, you know?\" Holden explained. He felt Sean nod. \"But we have holidays. Vacations. We'll make it work.\" \"Maybe we shouldn't have spent every moment of the summer together.\" Holden hypothesized. \"Then what memories would we hold onto for the next two months?\" Holden turned, pressing himself into Sean like the boy he had become. Sean's embrace was more of a fatherly one than a romantic gesture. \"I hate not knowing what it'll be like. I hate not knowing what to prepare myself for.\" \"I know. It'd be easier if…\" If a lot of things. If they were going to the same college. If Holden hadn't spent so much of his summer either earning money for college expenses. If Sean's grandma hadn't passed away. If Holden's parents hadn't decided they weren't okay with their son being gay. If Sean hadn't been away at football camp for the past two weeks. If they could just hold onto each other, a little tighter. If a lot of things. \"I know.\" Holden interrupted. He couldn't handle it being said out loud. He was afraid any word would shatter the porcelain house he was content with living in. But they'd built it on a hill made of sand and the tide was coming in. There was no way to make things any better. \"When we get through this…through college, and through everything…\" Sean fell silent, and Holden pulled away, out of his grasp. Sean let him go, studying the stars overhead as Holden observed his boyfriend. \"Where are you going with this, Sean?\" \"After all this is over, after we've made it through the storm…I want to marry you.\" \"Sean, that isn't even legal…\" \"We'll go someplace where it is.\" Sean's eyes held his now, flames dancing behind clear orbs of resilience. Sean wasn't just toying with the idea. He was building his life around the promise. \"What about my parents?\" Holden asked. Something flickered behind the strong veneer, and Holden twitched. \"It doesn't matter. Maybe they'll have come around by then, maybe they won't. I want to make you happy, Holden. As happy as I can.\" \"You already do, Sean.\" Holden replied with more care than necessary. It made Sean's gaze soften, and Holden stepped closer, allowing Sean to put his hands on his hips. \"I want to spend the rest of my life with you, Holden.\" Sean whispered, his deep register forming a growl. \"We will, Sean. I promise, we will.\" Holden replied. It was his version of a yes, and Sean knew that. The other man's shoulders relaxed and he offered a smile. The promise of forever; underneath the vastness of the stars, it felt so insignificant. But it was everything, the only thing that mattered. ","Summary":" Summertime Sadness This could be viewed as a continuation of the Decode 'verse. Enjoy! Holden looke"},{"Movie":"Valentine's Day, 2010","Title":"My Mistake","Author":"trapetrapet","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8130145","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N : Ini fic keduaku setelah fic pertamaku \"I Love You\" yang gaje itu. Semoga untuk fic yang ini nggak segaje fic pertama ku. Maaf kalau ternyata masih nggak jelas juga. So, enjoy reading ! Warning : Cacat, gaje, OOC, typo, dan semua itu udah dalam kadar yang bisa dibilang parah. xoxoxoxoxo 6 bulan yang lalu... Aku berada di sebuah taman hiburan bersama kekasihku, Willy. Aku sangat bahagia saat berada di sampingnya. Aku merasa beruntung mempunyai kekasih seperti Willy. Dia baik dan juga sangat perhatian padaku. Namun, aku tidak tau mengapa saat ini ada perasaan tidak enak yang sudah ada sebelum kami ke taman hiburan. \" Honey , maafkan aku,\" akhirnya kau membuka pembicaraan. \"Untuk apa?\" awalnya aku tak mengerti apa yang ingin kau katakan. \"Sepertinya aku tidak bisa melanjutkan hubungan kita,\" ucapmu tanpa rasa bersalah. Air mataku tiba-tiba mengalir dari pipiku. \"Tapi, kenapa?\" tanyaku sambil sesenggukkan. \"Karena aku menyukai gadis lain,\" Aku tertegun mendengar jawabanmu. Rasanya seperti ada pisau yang menusukku. Sakit sekali rasanya. Aku tidak menyangka kau akan mengatakan hal seperti itu. Aku menyesal telah mengatakanmu baik. Sangat menyesal. Dan kesalahan terbesar dalam hidupku adalah saat aku jatuh cinta padamu. Saat ini... Aku duduk di pinggir jendela kamarku,menikmati angin yang berhembus. Tak terasa, air mataku menetes. Memori itu terbuka . Ya, sakit. Hanya itu yang kurasakan saat ini. Aku masih ingat kata-katamu saat kau memutuskan hubungan kita. Aku teringat kembali masa-masa bersamamu. Terlebih saat hari valentine. Manis sekali untuk diingat. Aku ingat bagaimana kau mencium lembut bibirku di lift pada hari valentine. Aku sama sekali tidak bisa dan tidak akan pernah menghapus kenangan itu dari otakku. Hidupku berubah seratus delapan puluh derajat saat kau memutuskan hubungan denganku. Aku lemah tanpamu. Kini tak ada lagi orang yang dapat kujadikan sandaran ketika aku sedang bersedih. Tak ada pula orang yang mau meminjamkan bahunya sejenak saja ketika aku menangis. Sejak saat itu aku tidak pernah menghubungimu lagi. Setiap kali bertemu denganmu, aku merasa seperti orang bodoh . Terlebih saat aku melihatmu berjalan dengan gadis lain. Harus kuakui, gadis itu lebih cantik dariku. Tapi, apa boleh buat? Aku tahu aku masih menyayangimu. Sangat menyayangimu. Aku tidak bisa marah karena itu sudah pilihanmu sendiri. Kini kau sudah menjadi bagian hidup wanita lain. Betapa bahagianya wanita yang bisa selalu berada di sampingmu. Andai saja aku masih tetap bisa berada di sampingku, aku pasti tidak akan seperti ini, duduk di pinggir jendela kamarku dengan raut wajah yang tak karuan. Willy, aku masih sangat menyayangimu. Sangat menyayangimu. Xoxoxoxoxo A/N : Gimana? Udah lebih baik dari fic pertamaku belum? Atau malah tambah gaje? Kependekan juga ya? Butuh REVIEW. ","Summary":" A/N : Ini fic keduaku setelah fic pertamaku \"I Love You\" yang gaje itu. Semoga untuk fic yang ini"},{"Movie":"Valentine's Day, 2010","Title":"Making up on Valentines Day","Author":"macy1998","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7648880","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Holden heard about Sean's big coming out as soon as he got off the plane. He tried to get home as quickly as possible. When he got there Sean was asleep in a chair. He looked around and saw a lot of candles and sitting on the table was an unopened bottle of wine. Holden walked up to Sean and grazed his face with a little flower. Sean batted at the flower and looked up to see Holden. \"Holden.\" he said. Holden leaned down and ran his finger through his hair. \"Hey\" \"Sorry I tried to stay up until you got here.\" Sean says tiredly. \"That's ok.\" Holden removed his hand. \"Did you see?\" Sean asked sitting up. Holden smiled. \"Yeah I saw.\" Sean looked down \"I'm sorry.\" \"Me too\" Holden got up and sat on Sean's lap. \"You did all this for me?\" Sean wrapped his arms around Holden's waist. \"Yeah\" he looked down. \"I need to tell you something that I should have told you a long time ago and that's I love you.\" \"You love me.\" Holden said again. Sean nods \"Yes I love you and I'm sorry it took me so long to tell you that.\" Holden turns and leans back against Sean's chest. \"I knew how hard it was for you.\" He looked up at him. \"And I love you too.\" Sean leaned down and kisses Holden. \"I really missed you.\" \"I missed you too.\" Holden said against his lovers lips. They sat like that for what seemed like a lifetime just enjoying each other's touch. Sean intertwined his fingers with Holden's. \"So how was your flight?\" Holden smiled \"It was good but I was kind of upset about that big fight we had before I left.\" \"Yeah so was I.\" Sean said smiling. \"But what made you so it, I mean why did you come out?\" Holden asked. Sean sighed \"I was just tired of living in hiding. Then I got in a car accident and-.\" Holden jumped up. \"What are you ok?\" \"Yes\" Sean pulled him back down. \"I just hit the back of his car but don't worry no one was hurt. It got me thinking though about how precious life is and you shouldn't waist one minute of it. You are my life and I want to spend the rest of my life with you.\" Holden doesn't say anything. He just gets up and pulls Sean with him. He leads Sean to the bedroom where he slowly removes his clothes. When Sean was completely undressed he laid down on the bed and watched as Holden did the same thing with his clothes. Holden crawled up the bed to Sean. When they were face to face he kissed him. Sean rolled them over so that he was on top. He looked down at Holden. \"I know we've been together for a while but we've never done this and I don't want to hurt you. Plus I don't know exactly what to do.\" \"Well I'll talk you through it.\" Holden said confidently. Sean smiled \"How when you've never done it?\" \"Come on Sean I've seen movies and I don't have to worry about you hurting me because I trust you.\" Holden rubs the side of his face. \"I want you to be my first and only.\" Sean nodded. \"Okay what do I need to do first?\" After talking Sean through it he was fully inside Holden. After waiting for the Okay sigh to move he started moving in and out slowly.\" Holden withered underneath him. Begging him to go faster and faster. Sean later came screaming Holden's name. He then collapsed on Sean's chest. \"Wow\" he breathed out. \"Is it always like that?\" Holden chuckles \"I don't know but I hope it is because that was amazing.\" Sean chuckled \"Me too\" He rolled off of him and sat up against the headboard. \"Holden.\" Holden sat up and sat next to him. \"You ok?\" Sean took Holden's hand. \"I'm great I was going to ask if you were.\" \"Oh I'm amazing.\" He kisses his lovers hand. \"Happy valentine's day.\" Sean leaned over and kisses Holden. \"Happy Valentine's day.\" Sean got under the covers and Holden got in next to him. Sean wrapped his arms around his waist. \"I love you.\" he whispers. Holden smiled \"I love you too.\" FIN ","Summary":" Holden heard about Sean's big coming out as soon as he got off the plane. He tried to get home as q"},{"Movie":"Adventures of Sharkboy and Lavagir...","Title":"The Untold Stories","Author":"Moonstar195","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9491279","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Untold Stories The Adventures of Jewel: The NightDreamer Planet Drool has been the planet of many adventures, all including Sharkboy, Lavagirl, and Max, the Daydreamer. But something has happened that erases all of Max's powers, making him mortal on Planet Drool, and is the prone target of the villainous Mr. Electric. Luckily, Lavagirl knows someone else that can help them save Planet Drool and save Max from vanishing. Also, the new recruit might have powers that Max has not learned yet... Earth; December 5th \"Is she awake yet?\" \"No, not yet.\" Sharkboy reached out and tried to shake the girl awake, but to his dismay, Lavagirl held him back. \"Let her wake up on her own. Trust me.\" Sharkboy growled, \"Fine...\" He backed up and folded his arms impatiently. The same thing happened a couple of months earlier with Max. \"Come on, wake up already!\" Sharkboy mummers aloud. The girl was still asleep, but then something happened, and her eyes flashed opened, a bit frightened. She sighed, \"Thank goodness that was just a dream...\" She looked up. \"Sharkboy?! Lavagirl?!\" She rubbed her eyes, then blinked. \"About time you woke up.\" Sharkboy said, still with an annoyed tone. Lavagirl rolled her eyes, \"Ignore him, he's not the type that likes to be kept waiting.\" She glanced at Sharkboy jokingly with a smile. \"Hmph. Anyways...\" He took a second to calm down. \" Jewel, we need your help.\" Jewel looked at him with curious eyes. \"With what?\" She sat up, wide awake now. Lavagirl explained, \"Planet Drool is in trouble, deep trouble. Max, the boy who made me and Sharkie, is in dream-grave danger.\" Sharkboy interrupted, wanting his turn to explain, \"Max's powers have been erased. And without him, all of Planet Drool will vanish, along with Max himself. He is mortal there.\" Jewel nodded, then her eyes widened, realizing something. \"So that's what it was...\" \"What was?\" Lavagirl asked. \"The dreams that I have had...\" She searched around for the notebook she kept. The notebook was orange, with white sequins glued on spelling \"Dreams\". \"Look at this.\" Sharkboy went over and opened the notebook. He could not believe what he was reading. \"Hey LG, you better look at this\" Lavagirl looked at the pages, reading. She and Sharkboy looked at each other, then at Jewel. \"You saw everything?!\" He said, shocked. Lavagirl was surprised too; she has never heard of anyone, besides Minus, who could have the same dream as someone else. Jewel nodded. \"The nightmare I was having a few minutes ago, I saw Mr. Electric take Max. But all I could do was float there in space, looking down at everything. If Max can't do anything... I don't think I will be able to do anything either.\" Jewel sighed. Sharkboy looked up at Jewel, then whispered to Lavagirl \"I told you she hasn't found her powers yet.\" Lavagirl replied \"Not YET. She still can. I can teach her.\" \"You mean WE. Remember that Max put us together so we can be a TEAM, not for you to have all the fun and adventure while I do nothing but take up space.\" Lavagirl looked back at Jewel, \"Are you coming?\" Jewel was a little scared, but she was a girl who loved adventure, and staying in a suburban town won't bring any adventures. After a moment of thought, Jewel nodded, \"I'll come with you.\" She grabbed her jacket and put it on, knowing that it is freezing outside. Sharkboy smiled, but it went away when Lavagirl looked at him, and said \"I told you she will come with us.\" She smiled. Lavagirl was always joking around with Sharkboy. The three went outside into the cold December morning. \"The sooner we get to Planet Drool, the sooner I can get out of this cold...\" Even though she was practically made of magma, she hated the cold. \"We don't have time to waste., Come on!\" Sharkboy raced ahead, with Lavagirl and Jewel running behind. Jewel could not believe that she is doing this. Going somewhere As she climbed into the spaceship, the same shark-themed one that Max had ridden in. \"I thought this was destroyed...\" She said. Sharkboy replied, \"Max thought up a new one for me. Now, this can take anything that comes its way.\" He climbed inside, followed by Lavagirl and Jewel. \"Next stop,\" Sharkboy said, smirking, \"Planet Drool!\" A/N: I hope everyone is liking my journal so far. Please R&R;, it helps me a lot to hear your opinion or feedback about each chapter. I know this is in 3rd person and most journals are supposed to be in 1st person, but I tend to mess up on 1st person, so I did a 3rd person journal. Next chapter should be up by Tuesday. :)[Chapter 2] I apologize for the late chapter. Real life has got in he way of the journal. I do promise at least 1 chapter per week, in case life does get in the way. Now to what all of you have been waiting for! Enjoy! \"Hold on!\" Lavagirl warned. Jewel held on tight as we landed on Planet Drool. Jewel was the first one to get off, dizzy from the rough landing. \"Wow...\" She thought to herself oce she stood steady on her feet. The trees were so tall that they covered the view of the sky, letting in just enough light to make the ground glow. To Jewel's knowledge, they landed in some sort of mangrove forest, because the water level was high enough to reach Jewel's ankles. She looked down, and saw small fish swimming past her feet. She knelled down to get a closer look. \"I wouldn't do that if I were you.\" Sharkboy warned her. Just then, one of the fish leaped out of the water and almost bit Jewel's hand off. Jewel jumped back, nearly losing balance. \"What was that?\" She turned to Lavagirl. Lavagirl shrugged, \"Could be another creation Max made. This whole planet was created by ...\" Sharkboy bumped into Lavagirl from behind. \"Ow! Oh... s-sorry Lavagirl.\" Sharkboy stammered, \"I was just seeing how bad the damage was on my SharkJet.\" \"SharkJet?\" Jewel asked. Lavagirl rolled her eyes, \"Sharkboy's spaceship. The one that brought us here.\" \"Thank you, o mighty smart one.\" Sharkboy said, sarcastically. \"It may need some repairs... again... but we will have to that later. Right now...\" He pointed up. \"We have to get out of this forest.\" He looked at both Jewel and Lavagirl, \"Got any bright ideas?\" Jewel looked around, seeing nothing but trees and water, occasionally rocks sticking out. (By the way, Lavagirl was standing on a rock when all this happened, since still will fizzle if she gets in contact with water.) Something caught Jewel's eye. A ship? A vision came to her: It was all windy, lightning sparks light up the sky. She could hear shouting in the distance, but could not make out what it was saying. Jewel could see what looked like a laboratory collapsing in the middle of an ocean. Floating away from it was a raft, and a young boy, sleeping soundly inside it. Jewel tried to get a better view of the boys face, but could not move. Sharks were circling underneath the raft... \"Jewel! WAKE. UP!\" Jewel sat up, breathing heavily. Her clothes and hair were damp with water. \"What...\" \"You collapsed.\" Sharkboy was standing next to her, Lavagirl next to him. Jewel looked around. Everything was the same as before. \"Did you see anything?\" Lavagirl asked Jewel. Jewel tried to remember what she saw, but could not remember anything. She shook her head, \"I saw something, but I don't remember what it was.\" Sharkboy growled. \"Great...\" he turned to Lavagirl, \"I thought you said she can help us...\" He walked off, leaving Jewel confused. She looked at Lavagirl and opened her mouth to speak, but Lavagirl already knew what she was going to ask. \"Let Sharkboy cool down. He was like this when Max \"failed\" to dream up something to get us out of here.\" Jewel nodded, but she still felt bad for making Sharkboy mad. \"What now?\" Lavagirl thought for a moment, but was interrupted by a crash. One of the trees fell in the direction Sharkboy went. I hope you all enjoy this chapter! Please R&R; (Rate and Review)! E ach review helps me with making the story as best as it can be! If anyone has ideas for the next chapter, I am open to suggestions (You will be credited in the Author's Notes if I use your idea)! :)[Chapter 3] Update (8/1/13) ~ Hello everyone. I know it's been over a week since I last updated. I normally stick to my promises, but this one is super-hard to catch up to. With the Writer's Block I have been having, I could not write at all. It would either come out not making sense or not sounding as it should. Also, no-one has reviewed to the second or third chapter. Please, anyone, take one minute and submit a review so I know about your opinion on the story. Each review helps me with the next chapter, so your input is helping me and helping yourself to have a new chapter to read (Hopefully not under 500 words, like what I have been doing... ^^; Now, onto Chapter 3 until I can get Chapter 4 done. Thank you for reading! Blue sparks flashed, smoke spread everywhere, and a familiar figure appeared within the smoke. Jewel heard Sharkboy screaming and resisting it's grip, but it faded away before she could investigate. Jewel looked at Lavagirl, who had a horror-stricken expression in her eyes. Within 5 seconds, it went from sadness to determination. Lavagirl's hair flickered with hot-pink flames, and she raced towards where Sharkboy disappeared. \"Wait up!\" Jewel called as she ran after her. Once Jewel catched up to Lavagirl, they were both in shock. In front of them, about 100 yards downhill, was a cave. It was too dark to see inside, but every few seconds sparks flew from the entrance. \"Sharkboy is in there, I am sure if it...\" Lavagirl muttered to herself, \"If only there is a way in.\" She looked around, hoping to find a way inside without being caught by... whoever was in there. They climbed down the hillside, with Jewel occasionally slipping on the wet dirt. Lavagirl ducked behind some rocks and signaled Jewel to get beside her. \"Are you sure you know what you are doing?\"Jewel asked. Lavagirl answered, \"Pretty sure...\" There was a pause. \"OK, I have no idea what I am doing. But we have to get Sharkboy back.\" She darted toward another large rock in front of them. Jewel followed closely, still wondering what she saw before, in the vision. Then, it all came to her. \"Lavagirl, remember when you asked me if...\" Lavagirl hushed her before she could continue. They both peeked above the rock, and saw someone exit the cave. \"What can we do with him?\" \"Its for me to know, and you to find out. Now, get the Electrifier ready. The other two pests should be here momentarily.\" Jewel glanced at Lavagirl, not sure if she really heard what she just heard, but she was gone. Jewel looked around, and saw Lavagirl running towards the entrance. \"Lavagirl, no!\" Jeweled shouted. She chased after her. \"It's a trap!\" She warned once she catched up. \"Jewel, listen.\" She looked at Jewel with a serious expression, \"I know Sharkboy is down there, and whoever is keeping him there will be destroyed. Who knows, Max may be in there.\" Lavagirl sighed. \"Sharkboy, please be alright...\" She whispered to herself. -Sharkboy POV- \"Let...me...GO!\" Sharkboy punched one of the henchmen in the eye, knocking him out. Sharkboy landed on his feet. \"That was easy...\" he thought, brushing himself off. He turned around, and the feeling of victory faded away quickly. \"Well... look who we have here.\" A familiar voice came into the cave. \"Hello... brother.\" I know, the chapters are getting smaller and smaller, at least by 200 words... ^^;; I am having symptoms of the brutal Writer's Block, and starting to not think of ideas that will work smoothly. So, I am (kind-of...) relying on you, my honorable viewers and followers, to help me with making this story interesting! Either post your ideas as a Review below, or PM me, whatever you decide. Also, I am hoping to get some feedback wither or not I should have different POVs (Point Of View). Decided to try it out on this chapter. ","Summary":" The Untold Stories The Adventures of Jewel: The NightDreamer Planet Drool has been the planet of ma"},{"Movie":"Valentine's Day, 2010","Title":"Don't Think Twice It's Alright","Author":"Etheria27","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7728869","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Don't Think Twice, It's Alright By: KellyCRocker59 Yes, another fic! One of my resolutions for 2012 is to write every day, and while not every day is yielding Sean/Holden, be prepared for quite a lot more output from me. \"Dad, do you want a blanket? It's getting pretty chilly outside.\" \"No thanks, Isabelle.\" He replied, adjusting himself in the rocking chair. The chair, sitting on a neatly built white porch that overlooked a manicured lawn, was his home away from the home he had long ago lost. He watched as several kids played in the yard, dressed for the coming winter. He had heard it was going to be a cold one, and he contemplated whether or not he would make it through. Is that what old people did? Contemplate which day would be their last? \"Grandpa, look at my drawing!\" He turned to the young girl, just shy of nine, waving a picture from beside his chair. A toothy smile and brunette curls reminded him too much of the past, and maybe that was why he favored her more than he should. That, and she just sort of seemed a bit smarter than the other grandchildren. \"What is it, honey?\" He asked with all the enthusiasm he could muster, taking the picture from her. \"It's you and Papa! I know you miss him and stuff, but I want you to know that I miss him too. I mean, not as much as you, but you know, I loved him and stuff, and…\" \"It's beautiful, sweetheart.\" He replied, studying the misshapen array of colors that resembled two stick figures. She leaned against the arm of the rocking chair, and he looked back over at her. \"Do you want to sit with me for a little bit?\" She nodded, smile gracing her face instantly as he patted his knee. She managed to hoist herself onto it, leaning back against him as he tucked the drawing beneath his back pocket. He wrapped an arm loosely around her and bobbed his knee slightly. \"How's elementary school treating you?\" He asked as they both watched the other grandchildren playing in the yard. \"Grandpa, can you tell me what love feels like?\" \"Well sweetheart, that has nothing to do with school.\" He said in bemusement. \"Yeah it does! There's this boy…he's in my class, and sometimes we swing together at recess. He's really good at math; he almost beat me when we were do multiplication on the board. My friend Kenzie, she says she heard boys have diseases, but I don't care. He's cute and I think he likes me.\" \"Well, that's great that you're looking at the right reasons. A boy should definitely be cute and smart if you're going to date him. Your friend Kenzie is wrong; boys don't have any diseases, except for maybe when they get older, but that's a long story.\" \"What did it feel like when you met Papa?\" She asked. \"Well, when I first met him was at a football game.\" \"Yeah, Mama said you used to be the best football player in the world!\" He laughed. \"Yeah, something like that. Anyway, we sort of bumped into each other, and he didn't know who I was. So when I told him he was in shock. I thought he was really cute, and I liked that he didn't know who I was. So I asked him out on a date.\" \"And?\" She urged. \"Well, the rest is history. We got married five years later, and then we had a first kid, your aunt Isabelle, a few years after that. When she was three, we had your dad, Kyle, and then when your dad was one, we had your aunt Sophia.\" \"When I told Kenzie I had two grandpas, she said I was wrong. She said two boys can't have kids.\" \"It sounds like you need to get a new friend. Two boys can have kids, but it's just sort of more complicated. Your dad went through a little bullying in school because not everyone understands.\" \"People can be really stupid.\" \"You're really smart for your age, you know that?\" \"You tell me that all the time, Grandpa. But you never told me how you knew you loved Papa.\" Sean rocked her back and forth for a minute, getting lost in his head. \"Well, when I first met him I felt something different. But it was one night, when we had taken a bottle of…apple juice, to the roof of my house, when I really knew. I was really stressed about some stuff, and we were supposed to go on another date that night, but your Papa could tell how I was, so it was his idea to just stay at my house. Anyway, we sat on the roof, and I talked about what I was feeling, and he said something I still remember. He looked at me, really serious, and he said, 'look at the stars.' I did, and he pointed at one that was really bright. He said, 'that star is going to die soon. But it's going to go out with a blaze of glory. Nothing lasts forever, but people can talk for eternity. You just gotta know where to leave your footprint.'\" \"I don't get it.\" \"You know what, sweetheart? I still don't really, either. But I had drunk a lot of apple juice, and so when he said it, it changed my life, especially the way he smiled at me afterwards. That's how I knew I loved him.\" \"You just knew ?\" \"Yep.\" \"Grandpa, I don't think I'm in love.\" \"Probably not, sweetheart. Love is a really big deal, so you have to grow up so that you can really understand how to feel it.\" \"Did you ever love anyone besides Papa?\" \"No. I thought I did a few times, but I've never felt what I felt for your Papa with anyone else.\" That night, Sean took a seat on his bed, the moon casting a spotlight onto the floorboards. He sighed, looking at the picture on his nightstand. It was taken twenty years ago, at his son's birthday party. He was standing with Holden, arm around his waist, both of them holding glasses of red wine with big smiles. His mind flew back to those moments often, brief photographs of times when he was happy, happier than he could possibly imagine. He lay down in bed, more of an effort every night. He looked at the ceiling, watching the fan rotate over and over. He thought about everything, of the past year, of two years ago. Then five years ago, ten and even twenty. It ran through his mind like the speed of sound, faster than he could analyze. But Holden's face was always there, grinning before he kissed him good morning; buried against his chest as they drifted to sleep; studious as he read a novel while Sean just watched him rather than paying attention to television. He should have cherished those moments more. He should have cherished Holden more. But he couldn't. There was no way he could give any more than he had given, or loved Holden any more than he had. Than he still did. So he let himself drift to sleep alone, a little colder than he liked, with more room than he wanted. But it was okay. Somehow, someday, it would be okay. ","Summary":" Don't Think Twice, It's Alright By: KellyCRocker59 Yes, another fic! One of my resolutions for 2012"},{"Movie":"Valentine's Day, 2010","Title":"The Only One","Author":"whisper75","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7732014","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Only One \"Dammit!\" Holden rummaged in his bag but couldn't find his keys. Then he remembered. He was late this morning and rushed out of the house without thinking of them. \"Perfect ending for this day.\" he grumbled. \"Please Sean, be at home!\" He rang the doorbell. Nothing. Dammit. He was about to go around the house, hoping that maybe Sean had left the terrace open. But then he heard someone at the front door. Coming back Holden raised his eyebrows and had an instinctive look at the name plate beside the door. Yes, he was at the right house, but who the heck was this woman? She wore leisure sweat pants and a shirt, so no chance she was a lady of Sean's management or something. And well, according to the spatula in her hand, she was… cooking ? At their house ? \"Hi! You must be Holden.\" At least she was friendly. \"Hey! And you would be…?\" \"Come in. I think, Sean wants to tell you.\" Holden slowly passed the pretty brunette without taking his eyes from her. He couldn't tell what confused him more. The fact that she acted like being at home, or the fact that Sean obviously had something to say about this woman. Then his partner came in from the terrace. \"Sean, who…?\" \"Holden, let me explain.\" \"Ok, can't wait to hear that.\" He sat down at the table, Sean and the woman shared an uneasy look with each other and took the chairs opposite him. 'What the hell is going on here?' \"That's Rebecca. She… ehm… she is my… ex-wife.\" Sean sighed deeply and looked at Holden, trying to analyze his reaction. After two seconds of paralysis Holden burst into an almost insane laughter. He focused Sean, then Rebecca. They were both serious, frighteningly serious. Holden's laughter died. \"You're kiddin' me! What ?\" \"Holden, I always wanted to tell you, but…\" \"You were married ? To a woman ? Sean, don't you think, that is a fact worth telling me? Being in a four year relationship!\" Holden shook his head with a disbelieving expression on his face. The woman looked down on the table, then got up and pretended having something to do in the kitchen. Holden's eyes followed her but instantly returned to Sean. Who now tried another explanation. \"Then I thought, you might know it anyway and just didn't ask me about it. It's on the internet and… well..\" \"Oh sorry, I didn't know I have to google my partner's vita! I was naïve enough to think he would tell me the important facts. You know everything about me, Sean! And I thought I know everything about you…\" \"Holden. Bear. Come on. Let's eat first, she cooked. And then we talk about how we manage this. You know, she is staying here for some time...\" Holden's jaw dropped down. This was overwhelming, and definitely not in a positive way. \"Am I living in this house too? Am I involved in any decision? So your ex- wife is moving in here! Oh wait, that's nice. I could invite some of my ex-boyfriends to join us. What do you think?\" He sounded snippy, but didn't care. \"Holden, don't you think you're overreacting a bit?\" \"Oh do I? I do overreact, right! I've had one of the shittiest days of my life in the office and then I come home and you…\" He paused and frowned. With his eyes on her now he continued. \"You know what… I'm not hungry. Going to bed.\" He kissed Sean on the forehead, nodded to Rebecca and went upstairs. \"Night.\" Sean gave him some time to calm down and then followed him. Holden rarely was upset at all. Most of the time he was a cool and endearing person that could handle any situation and people of all sorts with a smile on his beautiful face. He was nothing but a wonderful man to be around. But today… whew. Okay, the news with Rebecca moving in weren't the best, but… he sighed. 'Sean, be honest to yourself, you were a coward! And today you fucked it up!' He reached the upper floor and warily knocked at the door. \"Holden, can I come in?\" \"It's your bedroom too.\" Sean entered the room and sat down on his side of the bed. Without taking his eyes from Holden he leaned against the headboard. Having a closer look he tilted his head. Were his partner's eyes red? Had he been crying? Okay, that was way too much reaction on Rebecca. But what did he say earlier? \"What happened at work today?\" Holden played with the button of his pillow. \"I'm sorry. I didn't want to flip out.\" Sean slid down a bit and dragged his partner's arm over his own body to make him lean against his chest. Holden embraced him tightly and pulled himself as close as possible to Sean who started to caress his cheek. \"No, it was my fault. I should have called you before or something. This was the most stupid way to let you know. But anyway, what happened in the office?\" Holden looked up to him and now Sean could actually see how worn out he was. \"You remember Leo?\" \"McIntyre? Yeah of course, you went to college together and he's one of your best agents. And we've been at his birthday party last month.\" \"He's dead.\" Holden's eyes filled with tears again. Sean's lips formed a 'wh..', but he didn't say anything. Holden needed a moment to continue. \"He collapsed during the conference today and… the doctor said, it was a heart attack.\" \"Oh my God, Holden. I'm so sorry. This is… I don't know what to say. He was hardly older than us. And you were there? Whew.\" He fondly tousled Holden's hair and held him tight. Now everything made sense. He came home with the weight of his friend's death on his shoulders and… \"God, and then I come at you with Rebecca. Sorry, love. I didn't mean to.\" \"No, you couldn't know. It only came all at once, was a bit too much for the moment. I'm ok. Sooo, why is she here?\" Sean started to explain, that Rebecca had moved to Boston with her new partner after they got divorced and that he had kicked her out overnight after a 5 year relationship. She wanted to resettle in L.A., but everything had happened so quick, that she couldn't find an apartment and asked Sean to let her live there for a while. \"Just until she finds an apartment or something. You're good with that, aren't you? We're still friends. I couldn't say no.\" \"Of course not. It's just… I think I just have to digest all this.\" He smiled at Sean, but his partner could still see the sadness in his eyes, or was it confusion? He couldn't tell. Then Holden cleared his throat. \"I could help her find something. If she wants me to be her agent.\" \"You're so sweet, thanks. Soooo… are you sure you're not hungry?\" Sean gently smiled at him. \"Actually I'm starving.\" Holden moved up and kissed him. \"Let's see if she's a good cook.\" It was the weekend, so Holden couldn't start searching for a new home for Rebecca. It felt kind of odd living together with his gay partner and that guy's ex-wife. That made no sense, didn't feel real. Somehow. But Holden always tried to get along with everyone. He had to suffer from people's prejudices for a very long time and didn't want to be one of them, judging a person without knowing him or her. So he set up a smile, nestled into the couch and started a new book. Sean made himself comfortable by his side and flipped through some magazines. The only one not knowing what to do was Rebecca. \"I'm bored. Can't we do something? What about… we could go sailing!\" \"You know what? That sounds like fun!\" Sean obviously loved that idea, he already got up. But Holden stared at his partner. He couldn't believe it. What was going on here? \"You always told me we couldn't do that, because you hate it and get seasick . I begged you to come with me.\" Sean thought about an answer. \" I said that? Naaahhh…\" \"But… you did.\" Holden tried to remember the actual wording, but wasn't sure anymore. \"Ehm… maybe I got that wrong. Ok then, let's go. As you said, it sounds like fun!\" He reluctantly put his book away and got up too. Having changed their clothes the three of them were on the way out. Hearing Rebecca's giggle Holden turned around and saw Sean having his hand on her back. The feeling of jealousy clasped his heart. He tried to shake it off and opened the door for them. 'He's just guiding her… for whatever reason.' When Sean passed him, he kissed Holden and winked at him with a grin. Holden sighed deeply. So whatever his imagination was trying to put in his mind here, it was nothing. Nothing. During the next two weeks Holden showed Rebecca several houses and apartments in all price categories. But either she was the most selective client he ever had or she wasn't interested in finding a home. There was always 'something' in every property. 'What is it with that woman? She wants a new home, right? Can't live with us forever! Unless she wants something else. Stay at our home long enough to win Sean back? She's creeping around him the whole day, admiring everything he does or says. And he? He likes it. These sparkles in his eyes when she… God Holden, where is your fantasy going… she's a woman… Sean is gay! He…' \"No, I don't like it.\" She interrupted his thoughts. \"Do you have another apartment closer to the city? But not too close, I don't like it loud.\" Holden breathed deeply and tried not to roll his eyes. 'Maybe I can find some log cabin in the Angeles National Forest, might be quiet enough there.' Holden startled and hoped he hadn't said that aloud. But Rebecca continued checking her makeup so that comment probably just had popped up in his mind. He sighed. Why was he so mean? Where did those feelings come from? There was something about her he didn't like. And well, he knew exactly what it was. She was way too close with Sean. 'But again. She is a woman and Sean outed himself… sooo… calm down Holden, as soon as she's out of the house everything will be how it's supposed to be. So, act nice and give her the apartment that she wants. That's your job.' He turned to her. \"Sure. I'll do my best to make you happy.\" She smiled at him. It looked honest, and he instantly felt bad for his thoughts. \"I'll drop you off at home and return to the office.\" He opened the door and without thinking put his hand on her back - to guide her. When he realized it, he thought about being jealous when Sean did the exact same thing and started chuckling. Well maybe that's what men instinctively do with women – even gay men. Holden came home from work and wanted nothing but a shower and something to eat. Sean's car wasn't there so he and Rebecca probably were at the store to get the stuff for the barbecue they had planned with some friends this evening. So no one was at home. Hmm… Holden mentally cancelled the shower and put a hot bath instead. He went upstairs with a satisfied smile. While the tub slowly filled with the tempting steaming water he went into the dressing room to get rid of the suit, at least for this weekend. His smile widened. Since being by Sean's side his partner got him to dress more casual. He still loved his suits, they made him feel confident and were inevitable at work. But at home he now preferred the sloppy look. Just in his boxer briefs and with fresh sweatpants and T-shirt under his arm he headed back into the bathroom. 'Bit too much foam... ah, to hell with it.' He got naked and slowly stepped into the tub. It took him another minute to completely sit down, damn this was hot. But once he was in, he enjoyed it. Lying there with his eyes closed he could feel his muscles relax. His thoughts wandered to the upcoming barbecue. He hadn't seen most of their guests for quite a while and was looking forward to it. Another reason for being happy about having them was Rebecca. Having her around still made him feel uncomfortable, as much as he tried not to feel like that. Tonight he hoped for a bit distraction for himself. After thirty minutes the water got too chilly to be enjoyable anymore. He also heard voices from the kitchen downstairs, they were back. Just as Holden got himself up and was about to step out of the bathtub, the door flew open and Rebecca rushed in. The doorknob still in her hand she stopped and stared at him. Holden's brain didn't have the time to make up a plan for this embarrassing situation. After two seconds of shock the pure instinct made him try to get to the towel. Unfortunately he had overrated his stability, he slipped and fell back into the tub. The water splashed all over the bathroom when Holden landed right on his rump and left elbow. Also knocked his head on the ceramic. It hurt like a bitch and he saw stars, but at least he and his private parts had disappeared under the foam. Rebecca woke up from her paralysis and hurried to him. \"You're ok?\" \"What...\" Holden was still coughing because of the water he had swallowed. \"Aren't people knocking on closed doors where you're from?\" \"I'm so sorry.\" Holden tried to collect as much foam as possible to cover his manhood. When she got on her knees to check his head he finally freaked out. \"What the fuck! Would you please get out!\" \"Sorry, I just wanted...\" \" OUT !\" She still stared at him. He was sure she hadn't stopped doing so since she came in. When she finally had left with a last futile attempt to apologize, Holden crawled out of the bathtub, breathing heavily. \"Ouch, dammit!\" He barely could stand upright. But nothing seemed to be broken. This could have end a lot worse. Apart from the embarrassment of course! He came out of the bathroom 10 minutes later, dressed now and halfway recovered from shock and pain. He didn't see Rebecca anywhere, but she must have told Sean, since he rushed to Holden with a concerned look. \"Are you ok, love? Rebecca told me before she left for the Coke we forgot to buy. Is your head ok? She said you knocked it pretty hard.\" He examined Holden's head with quick but soft moves. \"Yeah, because of her !\" \"It was an accident. You think she meant to...?\" \"She should have knocked!\" \"I don't knock on the bathroom door either.\" \"Sean, you live here with me! And you… you've seen me like that before… I mean… naked.\" \"Baby,\" Sean said with a cheering grin, \"you've got nothing to be ashamed of. You're one hell of a hunk!\" Holden rolled his eyes, but couldn't hold back a little smile at the same time. \"That's not the point. I don't wanna have that.\" \"I'm sure she will remember it the next time. Unless she liked what she saw.\" \"Sean!\" Holden punched his partner in the side and for a few seconds the grin on his face was accompanied by a whimper. \"You better focus on making that delicious steak sauce of yours before knocking me out, champ.\" Sean stepped behind Holden, wrapped his arms around his waist and slowly directed him into the kitchen. When they had arrived, Sean pressed him to the bar and buried his face in his partner's neck. \"God, you smell fantastic, I could eat you alive.\" He let the tip of his tongue trail from Holden's ear to the collar of his T-Shirt, tugged it down to set the shoulder free and continued soaking up his lover's flavour. Holden leaned against Sean's muscled frame and offered the other side. He moaned with pleasure when Sean gently bit his neck and started sucking in the bruised skin. The evaporating moist on his skin gave Holden chills. And that effect exploded when he felt Sean's half hard-on against his butt. \"Take me!\" he murmured. Sean's lips let go of his neck. \"What?\" He slightly parted from Holden. \"Rebecca will be back soon. Imagine how she would feel, if she'd catch us… I mean...\" All romantic feelings rushed out of Holden's body. 'Oh sure, I forgot. She mustn't feel bad! That's our ultimate ambition!' He sneaked out of Sean's grip and started preparing the steak sauce. \"Ok. Go, set the table. Guests coming in two hours.\" Sean looked at him. \"What have I done?\" Holden slightly smiled at him. \"Nothing baby. You're right. Set the table. It's ok.\" His partner frowned and continued staring at Holden, who was more than focused on mixing ketchup, mustard, Tabasco and the other ingredients. After a few moments he realized, that Holden wouldn't explain the sudden change in his behavior now. He sighed and sorted the flatware. Holden felt relieved when Sean's confused gaze no longer burned on his skin. He bit his lower lip while stirring. Of course he regretted having been so harsh. But even her name… He wanted his feelings from five minutes ago back. Wanted to feel Sean's body again, his hands, his lips. Wanted to be loved by the man he cherished more than anything else in this world. But he couldn't make the first step toward Sean, couldn't just go over and embrace him as long as this woman was seemingly more important to Sean than himself. He looked over to his partner and whispered the one thing he recently missed the most coming from Sean's mouth. \"I love you.\" But Sean didn't respond. He was too busy to get the plates out of the cabinet and on the terrace. 'Well done man, you're a genius!' Holden sighed. Four days later Holden got dressed for work. Adjusting his tie he thought about the barbecue on Friday. After that discomforting moment with Sean it was a pleasure to have some friends around he could concentrate on. Fortunately Rebecca had avoided him since the bathroom incident. And Sean… he was too busy to make her feel good to notice that he and Holden didn't share one single word through the whole evening. Sure, after their guests had gone and they finally fell into bed they kissed goodnight and Sean snuggled up to him, but it was… different. Putting on his jacket he pushed away those thoughts. But when he came down, Sean and Rebecca were harmonically sitting at the table having breakfast. \"Does this sweet little restaurant still exist?\" Rebecca asked the football player. \"You know, the one where we…?\" She started giggling. \"Yeah, it does.\" \"Let's have lunch there today! For the old time's sake.\" Sean grinned at her. \"Sure.\" There it was again. That little itchy sting in Holden's heart. He never could have imagined that he would be jealous of a woman. But they were just so familiar with each other. 'Yeah well, they've been married . You surely are familiar then.' He wanted to swallow his feelings down, but before his brain could send out this order his mouth opened. \"Sean, we wanted to… mh forget it. I'm off to work. Have fun.\" He tried a smile, but was sure it didn't come out as one. Sean turned to him and seemed to remember that he and Holden had planned to meet for lunch today, like they did every week . He got up and headed to his partner. \"Oh sorry love, I forgot. It's Tuesday. Rebecca and I cancel that lunch and I'm picking you up at 1, ok?\" \"No no, you can go to that sweet little restaurant . It's… fine .\" Holden felt uncomfortable. In all those years of their relationship there hasn't been an awkward tension like this between him and Sean. The sad thing was, Sean didn't even notice it. He nudged Holden with his elbow and smiled at him like this whole situation was right how it should be. \"No bear, I'll pick you up. And now go to work.\" He kissed Holden on the cheek and returned to Rebecca to continue their chat. Holden felt like being on an island. So he was the compulsory exercise now. And Sean had to cancel an endearing lunch with her at this sweet litt-. He had to talk to Sean, but not now. He looked at Rebecca. She must have been staring at him, because she startled and averted her eyes quickly. 'So at least she feels a bit uncomfortable too. Good! Or was she just eying up the poor guy that lost to her…' He shook his head, turned around and left. He would talk to Sean at lunch, when she wasn't around. When Holden was gone, Sean looked at Rebecca. \"Holden is strange these days, don't you think? I mean, you don't know him as well as I do, but still. Hm. Maybe it's the stress at work. Or still the thing with Leo…\" Rebecca kept stirring her cereals. \"He doesn't like me. You saw his look?\" Sean snorted. \"What do you mean? Holden likes anybody ! I mean, okay, you saw him naked, he really didn't enjoy that !\" \"Sean, seriously! That didn't just start on Friday.\" \"Yeah, sorry. Just don't worry. I think, it's the work. He has to manage a lot of things right now, the agency is expanding sharply. I told him a thousand times that he can talk to me about the stress and stuff. But he keeps withdrawing into himself and tries to fight his way through it alone. That's just Holden being Holden.\" \"I think he sees me as competitor.\" \"I have given up the try to change -… Wait what? Competitor? You? Come on! That's bullshit. He knows that I only love him! I mean, even the thought of you and me…!\" She raised her eyebrows and made a face. \"Oh thank you!\" \"Aaah, you know what I mean!\" \"Yes, I do, but tell him !\" \"He knows it!\" \"But he doesn't look like knowing it! This has nothing to do with his work. From the first day we met he acts different when I'm in the room. When was the last time you saw him smile? And I'm talking about a real smile, not the fake ones he tries to put on.\" Sean leaned back and thought about it. She was right, Holden had been very serious these days, only gave him some rare smiles here and there. Not to mention his loud hearty laughs that Sean loved more than anything, hadn't heard them for quite a while. Sean had blamed it to the work. Could it be that Holden was jealous? 'But... He must know that he's the one ! I tell him every day that I love him. Well nearly every day… ok, nowadays I didn't… Dammit! How can an amazing guy like him be sooo self-conscious? Unbelievable. I have to talk to him and get that out of his head. Me and her… sheesh… baby, what are you thinking!' Holden leaned against Kathy's desk and checked her telephone notes for him, when the door to the office opened. He smiled when he saw Sean. But right behind him was Rebecca. Holden's smile fell off his face and he breathed deeply, staring at the two. Kathy looked at him with a mixture of concern and curiosity. Within a split second she seemed to register that something was wrong here and it had to do with that brunette woman arriving with her boss's partner. She was very good at reading Holden's face and he loved her for this – Kathy knew when he needed her help and her advice -mostly for private stuff- and she knew when it was the best to stay out of focus. And she obviously decided that this was a 'stay-out-of-focus-moment' since she grabbed some paperwork and headed to the archive. \"Hey bear, ready for lunch?\" Sean bent over to kiss him, but Holden averted his face and grabbed his arm instead. He didn't even look at Rebecca, just said: \"Excuse us for a moment.\" He tugged Sean into the conference room and closed the door. \"Holden? What is it?\" \"Why did you bring her with you? This lunch was supposed to be a thing between the two of us.\" \"I know, but I didn't want to let her alone in the house. It's just lunch. What is it with you these days? She's a nice person.\" Sean apparently didn't understand what he was trying to say. \"I don't…,\" Holden looked down. Should he say what he was feeling? Dammit. He wasn't good at this, reproaching somebody without making it sound like a reproach. But hey – letting him know about his thoughts helped Sean coming out over a year ago and it probably will help now either. 'Fuck, why can't that guy read subtle hints?' \"Sean, I don't wanna share you. Not only today, I mean in general. I had to fight for you so hard and… I don't wanna lose you now.\" Sean looked not as taken aback as Holden thought he would. The footballer tried to take his partner in his arms, but he refused it. \"Share? Damn, she was right. You don't have to share me! And you're definitely not losing me! She's my ex and we're still friends. That's all.\" \"You already told me that. And I thought I could handle it. But I can't .\" \"So what are we gonna do now? Should I throw her out of the house?\" Holden shook his head. \"No, but if you… if you just could stop flirting with her?\" He was surprised by his own voice, he literally was pleading. This was more weakness than he had intended to show. His partner squinted his eyes. \"What do you mean? Holden, please! I'm not…\" \"You are , Sean! You hug her and look at her with… I don't know. The only thing I haven't seen so far is both of you kissing.\" He mentally kicked himself for saying that. He knew he sounded like a jealous bastard, trying to bind Sean to himself with making him feel guilty. That wasn't him, sooo not him. But he couldn't control it anymore. Rebecca was a 'rival' Holden couldn't grasp. He never had to compete with a woman. If it would have been a former male partner he would know what to do, but this was an impossible task. \"Holden! Are you listening to yourself? I love you, and only you! Plus she's a woman. I'm gay and I decided to make it official last year. And that decision included a life with you. I swore that nothing will ever stand between us again. And I mean it! You are the only one for me!\" He cupped Holden's face with his hands and forced him to look into his eyes. \"I love you, man!\" Holden sighed. \"Ok.\" \"Ok? That's all?\" Sean raised an eyebrow and put up a big smile. He studied Holden's face. Then his eyes alternated between his partner's light blue eyes and his delicate mouth. Holden's heart started beating faster and he smiled bashfully. \"I love you too.\" With that Sean slowly leaned in. Holden scanned his eyes. They were full of love. Good. Sean softly pressed him against the wall and finally their lips met. Holden closed his eyes and forgot the world around them enjoying every bit of that passionate yet tender kiss. While exploring Sean's mouth with his tongue he ran his hands through his partner's beautiful short curls. Then they were making their way over his shoulders and eventually came to rest on the small of his back, pulling the man closer. Sean chuckled and moaned at the same time. Always a good sign. Somewhere in the back of his head a little voice reminded Holden that Rebecca was still waiting outside, but playing with Sean's skilful tongue silenced it again. Anyway, Sean's inner voice obviously won since he ended the kiss after a few more seconds and let go of Holden's hips. He looked at the door and back at him. \"I think we can't stay in here forever.\" He bowed his head down, but kept the eye contact. \"Soo, are we good?\" Holden smiled at him and placed a final sappy kiss on his partner's lips. \"We are. But – and don't get me wrong – she has to leave!\" Sean's smile grew into a grin. \"She will.\" They came out of the room hand in hand. Rebecca still stood at the place where they had left her, waiting patiently. She could see that they obviously had worked something out. Holden smiled from ear to ear, and oh what a beautiful smile it was. When she first saw him and Sean on the cover of this magazine - she had forgotten the name… some random tabloid - she recognized the beauty of his face. But when she saw him in person for the very first time she was blown away. Sean really had an excellent taste in men. Even though Holden had been confused and quiet and… well… not very friendly toward her, she had a hard time not to stare at him. Then that moment in the bathroom crept into her mind once again. She smiled while picturing it. Yes, it was awkward. But a double-yes to how beautiful he was. The cute blue puppy dog eyes - though widened in shock -, broad shoulders, marked chest, slender waist… she felt the rising heat on her face. 'Why do you blush? You barely saw anything from the waist down, he fell way too quick.' Rebecca cleared her throat and breathed deeply. 'Be honest to yourself, you saw more than enough to not be able holding the eye contact for more than two seconds without thinking about it. Dammit! Why is it that those kinds of guys are either married or gay? Look there! I stare again! God, is this weird? Having those kinds of thoughts of my ex-husband's new partner can't be healthy. Now I'm around two gay guys that I like. One is my ex and the other one I wanna…' She cleared her throat again and smiled at the couple. For the first time she felt like the fifth wheel. The guys radiated so much love right now, it was intimidating but fascinating at the same time. 'It's time to leave. You've been standing between them long enough.' There was just one thing she still had to do. The next morning Sean had left early for a game. Holden chuckled. 'Hope, he won't fall asleep on the field!' They had talked about the situation all night, Holden lying on his back on his side of the bed, Sean transverse with his head on his partner's stomach. This and their intertwined hands had been the only physical contact, but still it was one of the most romantic and intense nights Holden ever had with his partner. Around 6 Sean got picked up to the airport and when Holden was having breakfast around 8 he probably was in the air already, most likely sleeping. Rebecca came in from the terrace. And that well-known awkward tension filled the house. He tried a smile again. And failed – again. Since yesterday he knew she wasn't threatening his relationship, but still… 'How can it be that she's probably the only person on the planet that I can't handle? I don't want to be that cold toward her. Oh no please, it's too early for pretending a casual talk.' Rebecca went over to Holden and since he obviously just had started eating he had no logical reason to get up and leave. He sighed when she sat down. \"Holden, I know you try to be kind and keep your thoughts away from me. But I know that you don't want me here.\" \"What? No…. I mean…\" Holden figured that it was probably the best to have a clearing conversation with her. Fair and square. \"It's not that I don't like you, it's just weird to see your harmony. Ehm…\" \"Holden, let me start. Sean and I were just good friends back then. I don't know why he proposed to me. Maybe he married me to show the public that picture of him they wanted to see… you know better than I do that he was great in hiding that little secret of his. I didn't know it until we got divorced.\" \"Why did you marry him? Did you love him?\" \"I think so, yeah. But you know, it was always different with him than with my other partners. There were two Seans, the public one and the one at home. In the public he 'acted' like the caring husband, was always around me. But at home… don't get me wrong, he was always kind and sweet, but he was sooooo shy and insecure when we were alone. Especially… well… in the bedroom. He couldn't…\" Rebecca looked like being surprised of her own words. \"I mean…\" She giggled. Holden couldn't hold back the chuckle. He wasn't sure if he wanted to discuss Sean's mating habits with his ex-wife. \"Actually, he isn't shy!\" Holden blushed and looked down on his coffee cup. 'Did I just say that? God. Awwkward!' She laughed, but got serious again. \"See, that's what I mean. He always had to hide. Even at home. That's why our marriage didn't work out. You can't hide who you are. And sure enough you can't do that your whole life. I was so happy for him when he came out last year. And then I saw some pictures of you two in the magazines. I mean, come on. You are the most beautiful gay couple I have ever seen in my life. You are meant for each other.\" Holden blushed an even deeper red and felt so bad. He rubbed his neck. \"I'm sorry for being so rude over the last couple of days. I was such an idiot.\" \"No, it's totally understandable. I guess we talked about the good old times a bit too often.\" He smiled. \"It's good to have good old times! Anyway, I'm sorry. Oh before I forget it, I have another apartment for you. Would you like to have a look with me?\" \"Yep. I'd love to. I just have to change clothes.\" \"Good.\" She got up and left. Being already at the door she paused, turned and came back to him. Before he knew what was happening she wrapped her arms around him and gave him a warm hug. He was a bit confused but hesitantly returned the gesture. When she let go of him after a few seconds she placed a peck on his cheek and finally left the room. 'Okayyy… So I think, we're good.' Holden smiled, but was still surprised by the turn of this whole situation. He should have talked to them way earlier. \"Well, better late than never!\" He took a good bite out of his sandwich before clearing the table. By the time he was done, Rebecca came down the stairs. \"Ehm, Holden? I'm sorry, if I was a bit to offensive. You know with the kiss and so.\" For the first time since they met he smiled at her and actually meant it, which felt pretty good. \"No, it's all good. Let's go.\" Sean leaned at the dining table and had a look at the invitation again. 'So finally Holden found an apartment for Rebecca. He almost went nuts while searching something for her.' He chuckled. 'That poor guy. Thought, me and her… I still can't believe it. Thank God, we got that out of the way.' He had a look at his watch. 'Come on bear, we gotta go.' Holden just had returned from a 3-day-business trip. The same day Rebecca moved out, he had to fly to New York. He literally returned just minutes ago. But though he must have been very tired he wanted to accompany Sean tonight. Then Holden came down in one of his beloved three-piece suits, his hair still wet from the quick shower he insisted in having after the flight. Sean instantly felt an army of butterflies dancing in his stomach, crossed his arms and blatantly stared at Holden. 'God, he is so gorgeous. Who in the world would leave him for… well for any one else?' \"As fantastic as you look in this suit, what about an outfit a wee bit more casual? It's just a house-warming party with Rebecca's new neighbors and some friends.\" Holden slouched his shoulders. \"You think I'm overdressed? I would feel more comfortable in a suit, you know that.\" Sean just shrugged his shoulders. \"Sooo – jeans.\" Holden pouted and took the jacket off. Sean laughed and put on a mischievous grin. \"You want me to assist in changing your clothes?\" He bit his lower lip looking down on Holden's body, in his mind he already unbuttoned his lover's shirt. Holden smirked at him. \"No honey, I'm a big boy. I can do that on my own. And if you would help me, we probably would be late for the party… or miss it at all.\" Sean pretended thinking about that, but his sparkling eyes told Holden that he was 100% right. So he went upstairs and returned a few minutes later, in tight dark blue jeans, a matching shirt and a gray cashmere pullover. \"Mmmm, you should wear jeans more often, love. You've got a fabulous ass in those.\" \"Thank you! Very eloquent, Mr Jackson.\" Holden took Sean's hands in his and pulled him closer. Sean could already smell the fresh peppermint flavour in his breath and was about to kiss him, when his partner put a finger on Sean's lips and slightly shook his head. \"We gotta go!\" \"Come on. I haven't seen you for three days now. Just one kiss.\" \"Sean, you know as well as I do where this would end. Upstairs.\" Sean was about to argue, but Holden cut him off with a grin. \"You remember that wedding of one of your teammates this spring - that we missed because of 'just one kiss'?\" Sean seemed to remember with pleasure since he started giggling. \"Yeah, but that was something completely different.\" \"Oh really?\" \"Yes, it was… I mean… … okay, let's go.\" Holden's grin turned into a hearty laugh. He took the car keys and when he passed Sean, he gave him a loving smack on the butt. \"We have the whole weekend, honey.\" Arriving at the party Holden was glad that he had listened to Sean. He would have been way overdressed in the suit. Sean obviously read his thoughts. \"Wanna thank me?\" he asked with a knowing grin. Holden leaned over and kissed him on the cheek. \"Later.\" They smiled at each other and then were spotted by Rebecca. She hugged both of them tightly. \"Hey guys, so cool you could manage to stop by. Let me show you around and introduce you to the people. If that's necessary at all, it seems you're L.A.'s favourite boys.\" And they really didn't come very far. After five steps they were surrounded by a group of young women, begging Sean for autographs and photos with them. Holden remembered that there was a college nearby so they were probably students and shared an apartment here. He signalled Sean that he would get them something to drink, sneaked out of the female mass and headed to the small bar. Rebecca apparently hadn't ordered someone off to be the 'barkeeper', so Holden slipped behind it and knelt down to the fridge hoping for some beer for Sean and water for himself since he was the driver today. When he got back up, an older woman stood in front of the bar and smiled at him. Her almost white hair made her look like the classic charming granny. \"I'd like another soda, please.\" Holden tilted his head. \"Actually I'm not… ah so what. A soda ma'am? Here you go.\" He poured the drink into her glass. \"Are you living in this house too?\" \"Yes. I'm Mrs Montgomery. We met each other the other day, do you remember me? You showed Rebecca this apartment when I walked the dog.\" Holden had to bend over the bar a bit to understand her, the room was quite noisy. \"Oh yeah I remember, the small one, what is it… a pinscher, right?\" \"Yes, my little Chester. He means the world to me. He is so cute you can't imagine. You know, when my husband was still with us, Chester would always sleep on his lap, so sweet! Now he has the armchair for himself. Pinschers are very intelligent, you knew that?\" Holden shook his head and wondered where this conversation would end. He smiled at her, but tried to find Sean in the crowd at the same time. \"Oh sorry. A handsome young man certainly doesn't wanna hear an old lady's story about her dog. But do you mind if I ask you something, something personal?\" He looked at her with a now insecure smile. \"Ehm… no.\" \"I don't wanna be nosy or something, but that football player… what's his name…\" Holden helped her out. \"Yeah right, Jackson. Oh, my Henry was a real fan of that sport. He would have known him right away.\" She seemed to drift into the memory of her life with late Henry but then focused on Holden again. \"I saw you two. You came in arm in arm… ehm… are you a couple? Sorry, it's confusing for an old woman like me. Maybe it's become normal for the younger generations… What is it like being together with a man… as a man?\" Holden chuckled and thought about whether he should answer or not. Normally he wouldn't tell anybody things that were this private and certainly he wouldn't tell a complete stranger, but she was sooo sweet in her way. \"Well ma'am, it's normal for me, I only know this kind of relationship. I've never had a girlfriend.\" She was astonished. \" Really ? Never ? Not even kissed a girl?\" Her face was hilarious, Holden had to fight back a loud laugh. \"No.\" \"But Rebecca told me, she was married to him, ehm Sean. So he was with a woman before.\" \"That's right, ma'am.\" \"Hm, very confusing.\" Now Holden laughed, \"Yes it is, right?\" From the corner of his eye Holden saw Sean heading for them. Nodding to Mrs Montgomery with a \"Ma'am\" he leaned over to Holden. \"Hey love, those girls want some photos with you too.\" \"What?\" Sean popped some pretzels into his mouth and grinned at Holden. \"Yeah, I don't know. I told them that I'm the famous guy from the two of us, not you. But they said they don't care.\" \"You're a jerk!\" With a quick look over to the older lady he excused himself. Sean grabbed Holden's hand, took his beer with the other and they were heading back for the group of girls. Holden still wasn't used to 'having fans'. And when Sean tugged him closer for the photos and the girls started squeaking how cute they were, Holden did what he did best – he blushed. Which made them squeak even more. The kiss from his partner didn't help at all. But finally he regained his normal complexion. When the photos were taken they actually had a nice talk with the girls, who indeed were students. The rest of the evening passed by without any blushing, at least for Holden. It was late and there were just five of them left. Holden and Sean, then of course Rebecca and two other close friends, Hank and Susan. They had made themselves comfortable on the sofa with their drinks and were just chatting. When Hank brought up the sailing, Rebecca got all excited. \"Uh uh uh… I have a sweet story for you!\" she said with a mischievous grin to Sean. Holden could tell that she was a bit more than tipsy by now, but he couldn't wait to hear it. Sean now got excited too, but apparently for another reason. He looked like remembering. \"Becca, no. Please!\" Holden tugged him back into his arms, holding him tight. He nodded at her with an encouraging grin, \"Tell us!\" Sean's head fell on Holden's shoulder, he obviously had given up the hope to escape from this. \"You know, we went sailing that one day. Moons ago. And Sean…\" she giggled. \"I swear he wasn't drunk. But somehow he got entangled in one of the ropes.\" She almost had tears in her eyes. \"He fell headlong over the railing and the rope got stuck. So he hung there, head two feet above the water… screaming like a maniac!\" She couldn't bring out any more words, just tried to survive. And her laugh was very infectious. Sean instantly blushed and buried his face in his hands. \"God, Rebecca! Was that necessary?\" Holden looked down on Sean and tried to catch his breath. \"Yes it was ! That's so gorgeous!\" Almost nothing embarrassing ever happened to Sean. Through the years of their relationship all those situations seemed to steer clear of him and made their way right to Holden. So since he always was the 'victim' Holden found it very refreshing that for once it wasn't him. He chuckled even more. \"Do you have a picture of that?\" \"Somewhere, yeah. I'll copy it for you.\" Rebecca grinned. Finally Sean joined in the laughing. He turned to Holden. \"Don't you dare showing it to somebody!\" Holden smiled back at him with the most innocent and angelic face he could put on. Sean closed the distance between them and kissed Holden. When they parted he shook his head, knowing that at least his parents and cousin Diane plus her family would see it. He nestled back into Holden's arms and stayed there until they went home. Holden stood in front of the mirror in the bathroom, just wearing his sweat pants. He brushed his teeth while chuckling about Sean being really affectionate and touchy-feely in the car on their way home. Sure, part of that clearly was due to the alcohol. But since Rebecca had 'moved in', they had considered it somewhat inappropriate to get romantic when she was in the adjoining room. This was about three weeks ago. Then Holden had to take this trip… more days of not being together. So this was actually the first night on their own. He rinsed out his mouth and left the bathroom. Sean was already in bed. Covered in the white sheets he looked like an angel. An angel with his eyes closed. Holden had to admit that he was disappointed. He switched the light off. The moon was bright enough to illuminate the elegant bedroom and create a more romantic atmosphere than all the lamps in the world. He crawled into bed and rested his head on Sean's heaving chest. His partner's warmth made him splendidly sleepy. But though it was almost 2 o'clock in the morning and he had practically been up for 24 hours now he didn't want to sleep. And he didn't want Sean to sleep either. He placed a soft kiss on the other guy's chest. Sean obviously wasn't sleeping at all, since he instantly put his hand on the back of Holden's head, demanding him to continue. He didn't need any more invitation. His mouth made its way up. God he loved those strong shoulders. When he started licking Sean's neck, the footballer couldn't hold back the moan any longer and tightened the grip on his partner. \"You like that, huh?\" he breathed into Sean's ear. \"Mhm. Don't stop…\" \"Ok. Let's see if you like this too.\" Holden slowly moved back down spreading kisses on chest, abs and bellybutton, then stopped at the waistband of the boxer briefs. He could almost hear Sean's heart hum. Gently stroking the almost fully hard cock through the fabric he grinned at his aroused lover. \"Go on.\" It was more a plea than a command. Holden loved Sean being this vulnerable and completely at his mercy. \"You sure? Sure you don't wanna sleep?\" He barely could control his own arousal, but teasing Sean was too much fun. \"Hey, don't play games with me. Not at a moment like this. Come on!\" 'Uhh, he tries to be bossy now.' Without losing the eye contact Holden mounted Sean and settled himself on his crotch. \"God… please…Holden!\" The football player threw his head back into the pillow. 'There he is again. Pleading Sean.' With a satisfied smile Holden bent down. Still framing Sean's body with his legs he kissed him passionately, tongues fighting for dominance. Sean wrapped his arms around him and tugged him down to deepen the kiss, his hips starting to move in that wonderful familiar rhythm. Holden groaned into the kiss and finally gave in. The want was stronger now than the enjoyment of teasing his partner. \"God, I love you.\" \"Mhm. Show me how much.\" Holden woke up and his sleepy eyes tried to focus the clock. It was 4.13 a.m. and still dark. He sighed and crawled back to Sean. They had fallen asleep just an hour ago, after highly enjoying their regained togetherness. Feeling him on his back Sean woke up and turned around. He took him in his arms and kissed him. \" Again ? We should always have some ex-partners around now and then, not that we would need that! But four times in… what time is it?\" Holden raised an eyebrow. He wriggled himself out of Sean's arms. \"Flip over. I just wanted to nestle up to you. No need to be too excited.\" They both giggled. Holden spooned Sean and when they had reached the perfect position kissed his neck. With his arms wrapped around his partner's body and a smile on his face he slowly fell asleep. The last thought he had before dozing off was about one sentence Sean said to him the other day. 'You are the only one for me!' 'Same here honey, same here.' The End ","Summary":" The Only One \"Dammit!\" Holden rummaged in his bag but couldn't find his keys. Then he remembered."},{"Movie":"Valentine's Day, 2010","Title":"Someday When I Stop Loving You","Author":"Etheria27","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7756246","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Someday When I Stop Loving You By: KellyCRocker59 The foggy morning was peculiar on this specific day of the summer. More than peculiar, actually; it was unsettling. But maybe that was just Sean. Maybe if he had checked the forecast, he would have seen that it was supposed to rain all day. Maybe it really wasn't even the weather that was unsettling. Maybe it was watching Holden grabbing his luggage and getting onto the bus, headed for the airport. \"So, I think Sophia is a really good name. You know, if we end up with a girl.\" Sean nodded, more content with the way Holden was tracing patterns on his chest, sleep now threatening his consciousness. \"I mean, I know this is a big step. I know that if we get this kid, that's basically it, right?\" \"What do you mean?\" Sean asked, senses returning to him alongside the confusion. Holden's fingers rubbed his chest now, as though erasing the countless patterns he had traced. Sean's arm pulled him in closer. \"I mean, it's always been us, and…I don't know, sort of like…shit, I don't know.\" \"Yeah, you do. You just don't want to tell me.\" \"We've always had an out. If things went bad, one of us could always walk away, because it's not like we're married or anything. But with this kid, it's like a bond we'll have forever. It's true commitment.\" Sean sighed, massaging the muscles of Holden's shoulder. \"Babe, I thought we were over this.\" \"We are. It's just…I don't know, my head's still kind of messed up and stuff, I guess. I've felt good, great actually, about us for years now. I don't know why this is coming up again. It's like I can't get rid of it.\" \"I hate them for doing that to you.\" Sean whispered, feeling a heat ignite in his chest as he pulled Holden closer still. The other man was practically lying on top of him now. \"I don't. I think it made me a lot stronger in a lot of ways. I mean, yeah, I was really self-deprecating for years, but it brought me to you. I can't say that's really a negative.\" \"True. I just wish that loving you could be enough.\" \"It is. Don't ever think it isn't. Yeah, I'm messed up, and paranoid, and sometimes I dabble in self-loathing. But Sean, you're everything to me. I know that sounds way dramatic and stupid…\" \"It doesn't. You've been the most important part of my life for years now. I wouldn't leave you if I could.\" Flashes of memories danced through his head, painted the skies of his imagination as Holden turned to him. Their eyes held, and Sean felt like he was going to throw up. He hadn't eaten in a few days, and he was thankful, because here was not a good place to douse the ground with the contents of his stomach. He read Holden's eyes, could tell that's what the other man wanted him to do. I'm so sorry. I wish this wasn't forever. I wish I could give you more. I love you, and I'll always love you. \"Sean, it's a girl!\" Holden hollered from the other room. Sean hurried into the other room, not even realizing that Holden was on the phone. \"That's amazing, Denise! Thank God. Is it okay if we're there for the delivery?\" Sean waited as the woman on the line replied, and he read Holden's smile before the words were out of his mouth. \"Thank you. I can't tell you how many times how much this means to us.\" Another reply. \"Yes, I will get your husband that signature, don't worry. It's the least we can do.\" A few goodbyes, and then Holden hung up and turned to Sean. There was so much boiling up inside of the other man, he could just tell. Holden stood from his desk chair, and Sean smiled, smiled bigger than he thought was even possible. \"We're gonna be parents.\" Holden choked out. \"It's really going to happen. We're gonna be parents, Sean.\" Sean pulled him into his arms, his entire body warming inside and out at the thought. He hadn't expected to feel so ecstatic at the prospect of fathering a child. Maybe it was because of whom he was fathering the child with. Maybe it was because of everything it meant. \"I know. I can't wait, Holden.\" Sean took a step forward, out of the crowd of people lining the street. Holden shook his head, turning and walking down the aisle of the bus and taking a seat. Sean took another step, just so he was in the front, so Holden could see him. He felt helpless. All he had to do was step onto the bus and beg Holden to come home, to not leave. But he couldn't. It wouldn't be enough. \"What do you mean?\" \"Mr. Jackson, I'm sorry…\" \"We signed a fucking contract!\" \"I know, but there's the period of time after the birth when…\" \"I know. Trust me, I know. Dammit, do you know how much this means to him? There's no way in hell that she wants this kid as much as he does. No fucking way!\" \"Mr. Jackson, I wish I had some control over this…\" He sat down, putting his face in his hands. \"I'm sorry. I know this is out of your control.\" \"When is Mr. Wilson coming into town?\" \"His flight lands in an hour.\" \"You should be there to greet him. It'd be best that he doesn't come to the hospital.\" He nodded. The doctor took a seat beside him. \"I know it doesn't mean much, but I'm so, so sorry.\" \"He had her whole room perfect. My mom bought us outfits and he had the rest of our lives planned out, planned around this kid. He doesn't…I don't think he can handle this.\" \"He's going to have to. There's always adoption.\" \"I know, but this kid…he is so attached to this girl. It's…I don't think I can describe it. It's like he carried the kid himself.\" \"Mr. Jackson, I wish there was more I could say.\" \"I know. None of this is your fault. I need to go. He's going to need me. He didn't know if he could let this happen. The bus doors closed, and he stepped closed still. It'd be so easy, stepping out into the road. Especially if he waited for the bus to start going. He would be killed, surely. But instead he stopped just shy of it's path, the goodbyes of others in the crowd falling on deaf ears. He looked into the bus at Holden, who was looking right back at him. Everything between them, years of love, of dedication. The promise of forever. It wasn't enough. Nothing could ever be enough. So as the bus drove away and Sean realized that he would never see Holden Wilson again, he felt the final pieces of his life turn to dust. He was the last one left standing there by the bus stop, still watching where the bus had disappeared down the road. The memories were nothing but pain now, but he couldn't let them go. After everything they had been through, there was no way he could let Holden go. If only Holden had felt the same. ","Summary":" Someday When I Stop Loving You By: KellyCRocker59 The foggy morning was peculiar on this specific d"},{"Movie":"A Monster in Paris Un monstre à Pa...","Title":"What is a Baby?","Author":"GodlyJewel","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9380053","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AN: Okay, I admit it: I have joined the fan group for this amazing movie. Seriously, such a good movie and Francœur is so freaking adorable. And so, after the plot bunnies tracked me down, I wrote this little fic. Basically this was inspired from me watching Disney's Lady and the Tramp . Francœur's curiosity reminded me of the scene where Lady wants to know about Jim Dear and Darling's new baby. So I thought, how would Francœur act around a baby? My first attempt at A Monster in Paris . Hope you like it. Disclaimer: A Monster in Paris and all its characters are property of EuropaCorp Distribution. If I owned it, Lucille and Francœur would have been another Cannon pairing. Honestly, I think the Raoul/Lucille pairing at the end was rather rushed. Sadly, I do not because, as I said before, I do not own this movie or its characters. Also, picture used above is a pencil-sketch from Lady and the Tramp , so it's not mine either. What is a Baby? Francœur sighed as he walked up the stairs to the apartment. He was exhausted. Madame Carlotta had been working him harder than usual these last few nights. It was the tourist season, and with the absence of the cabaret's star performer, Carlotta had made Francœur her new solo act to bring in more money. His fingers ached from plucking guitar strings and playing piano keys, and his feet were sore from all the dancing. His throat hurt just a little, but that wasn't bothering him as much. All he wanted now was to go home and sleep. Luckily, tonight had been his last solo performance. Two weeks. That's how long it had been since he had last seen his dear friend Lucille. She had received a letter from her friends asking her for a visit. Apparently she hadn't seen them since before the \"Monster in Paris\" fiasco. However, their location was outside the city so Lucille had requested to use her saved time off to visit them. While Carlotta had been hesitant about letting her star performer go, she was content to cash in on Francœur's natural musical talent. Every night he would take the stage and perform with the new songs he had been working on as of late. Though the songs seemed only half done, as they were mainly written for his duets with Lucille. Sure he could make minor changes so he could perform them by himself, but he longed to share them with Lucille. Luckily, Lucille was due back tomorrow. Francœur couldn't wait to see her. The apartment had been so lonely without her warm presence there, and singing at the L'Oiseau Rare seemed wrong without her melodious voice to accompany his own. Their other friends would pay him a visit now and then, but Lucille was the only one he could truly feel happiest with. He sighed. Just one more day. Francœur took out his spare key from his jacket pocket and entered the apartment. Locking the door behind him, he placed his hat on the coat rack, while his mask was set on the side table. Then he slipped off his shoes and made his way upstairs. He was too tired from the night's performance, and simply wished for the comfort of his bed. Besides, the sooner he went to sleep, the quicker tomorrow would come, and the sooner he could see Lucille. As he walked up the stairs, Francœur pondered what adventures Lucille might have had. She had said she had gone to visit her friend, Jolie Colette, a friend from something Lucille had called her \"school days.\" Apparently whatever this \"school\" was had been fun. Francœur remembered the day Lucille had gone to ask Carlotta for the time off. Lucille had to beg her aunt to let her visit them, promising to be back soon. Finally Carlotta had relented—mostly because Lucille and Francœur were about to perform—with Lucille's promise to return within the week. After the show, Lucille called the number enclosed in the letter, and in two days she was gone. The day before Lucille was to return there had been a terrible storm. The roads were blocked and Lucille had to stay for another week. During that time, Lucille called to apologize for the delay, but something else had come up that would require her to stay even longer. She promised to explain everything when she returned. Recalling the look on Madame Carlotta's face as she spoke with her niece, Francœur had noted something had seemed to upset the elderly woman. After she hung up, she was trying to brush tears out of her eyes. He had tried to ask what was wrong, but Carlotta brushed it off, saying it was nothing and then went back to work. Still, what could have caused her such grief? Later on he noticed his other friends seemed sad as well, but when he tried to ask them, they also said it was nothing. Perhaps he could ask Lucille when she returned. Francœur's thoughts were put on hold as he reached the top of the stairs. A small light was coming from beneath Lucille's bedroom door. Francœur was puzzled. He knew there shouldn't be a light in there. Lucille's bedroom had been closed off since she left, and Francœur never entered her room without Lucille's permission. Hesitantly, he approached the door. Opening it just a crack, Francœur peered into the room. The soft glow came from a lamp sitting on the nightstand near the bed. Not sure how it had been lit, Francœur decided it would be all right to enter if he was just shutting off the lamp. He took one step inside when a soft sigh stopped him. He looked around until his large eyes fell upon the bed. There, nestled among the blankets and pillows, Lucille slept peacefully without a worry or care. Francœur wasn't sure if he was breathing. He quickly shut his eyes, hoping to chase the vision away, but upon opening them he was astonished to find he wasn't dreaming. Lucille was really there, sleeping in her bed. Francœur took a step back and leaned against the doorframe. Even in her sleep, Lucille looked like an angel, the way loose tendrils of hair delicately framed her face. A small smile graced her lips as she dreamed some happy dream. Though he was happy to have her back, he was sure she was not due back until tomorrow. Still, what did it matter? She was back home. Francœur smiled as he watched her sleep. Francœur was about to enter to turn off the lamp again, when he heard another sound. He paused and listened for it again. It was a small whimpering sort of sound. Looking around, Francœur noticed an odd looking basket sitting on the other side of Lucille's bed. It had a wooden wicker frame, a silk covering with a ruffled band, and two large side bows. As he listened for the odd sound again, he realized it was coming from the basket. Lucille began to stir as the whimpering persisted, beginning to grow louder. From the look on her face, Francœur could tell she was exhausted. Despite his feeling of discomfort about entering without Lucille's permission—especially now that she was in her room—Francœur knew he had to silence the noise before it woke her. Very quietly, Francœur stepped into the room, careful to ensure he wouldn't utter a sound as he padded his way over to the other side of the bed. He stopped just in front of the basket, checking to make sure he hadn't woken Lucille. The Angel of Montmartre continued to sleep on. Seeing he was in the clear, Francœur drew his gaze to the basket. He certainly was curious why Lucille would place such a thing at her bedside. As he peered inside, he saw soft looking blankets, a comfortable mattress, and a decorative pillow. But it was the tiny form beneath the blackest that caught his eye. Carefully he reached into the basket and drew back the blanket to reveal the smallest human he'd ever seen, even smaller than Emile and Maud. The little creature was just so tiny, no bigger than a doll. If it hadn't been breathing, Francœur might have thought it was a doll. He could tell it was human, but it was just so small. The tiny thing was pale with rosy cheeks, and long rustic curls covered its head. Its tiny hands were balled into fists and its face, while innocent and sweet, was turned to a frown. As it opened its mouth, it began to whimper again, this time much louder. Francœur knew he needed to quiet the little one, but he was unsure what to do. He desperately wanted to wake Lucille and ask what her, but that would be unfair. Looking back down, the little human continued to fuss. He panicked and desperately tried to think of a way to quiet it back to sleep. Suddenly he got an idea. Leaning over the basket, Francœur began to hum a little tune. The tune was something he had thought up one night. The song had no words, but the tune itself was very calming, and had even lulled Lucille to sleep as they sat by the fireplace. The notes were soft and melodic, and as he reached the chorus, the tiny human had ceased its fussing. It turned its head towards Francœur and opened its eyes. Delicate hazel orbs gazed back into Francœur's fiery golden eyes. At first, he thought it might cry at the sight of him. He had left his mask downstairs, so the tiny human had full view of his face. Instead, the little one smiled and raised its hands up, gurgling slightly. Francœur's song came to an end, and he stood there, observing the tiny being. Its thin pink lips were now curved into a sweet smile, showing four tiny teeth. Francœur couldn't help but smile back with a small, toothy grin of his own. \"I think she likes you.\" Francœur jumped, nearly hitting his head on the ceiling. He looked up to see Lucille had woken. She was sitting up and her eyes were bright, though carried a hint of fatigue. Her hair was down out of its usual messy bun and slightly tousled from sleep. The blanket had been kicked off, revealing Lucille in a white cotton nightgown with lace straps and a draped neckline. With the glow of the lamp behind her, she truly had the appearance of an angel. Francœur bowed his head. He was ashamed he had been caught in Lucille's room without her permission. Shaking her head, Lucille moved from her bed and walked to Francœur's side. She placed a hand on his arm, prompting him to look at her. His sad eyes tugged at her heart. \"It's alright, Francœur. You did nothing wrong,\" Lucille assured him. She removed her hand and bent down to the basket. Francœur watched as Lucille then picked the tiny human up, cradling it in her arms. The little thing wore a light green cotton nightdress with a laced collar and sleeves, embroidered with little white flowers. It was adorable and it looked at Lucille with a big smile. Lucille smiled back and started tickling under its chin. This caused the little one to giggle and coo. The sight made Francœur smile. \"Well, what do you think of my surprise?\" Lucille asked, not taking her eyes from her small bundle. Francœur looked at her puzzled. Then his eyes shifted to the creature in her arms. He chirped and pointed at it. Lucille nodded. \"Francœur, I would like you to meet Odetta. She's my goddaughter. Odetta, say hello to Francœur.\" The tiny girl looked up at the flea. Francœur gave her a nervous smile and chirped a hello. Odetta smiled back and gurgled. Apparently this little human was unable to speak, just like him. Then he remembered Raoul and Emile had once talked about tiny humans before. It had been a \"Guy's Night\" as he recalled, and the discussion lead to Raoul joking with Emile about the topic of children and babies. Francœur did not know what those words meant until Emile explained they were names given to younger humans. Francœur had always wanted to see such tiny humans, as not many came to the cabaret. Now he could see that what Lucille held in her hand was a baby. But Francœur still did not understand why she was here. He looked to Lucille, hoping she could understand his confusion. Seeing his plight, Lucille adjusted her arms to a more comfortable position before she explained. \"Odetta is the daughter of my friends I went to visit, Jolie and Darell. The last time I saw her she was no bigger than a loaf of bread. Hard to believe she's six months old now.\" Odetta started to fuss again, and Lucille patted the little girl on her bottom. \"I think someone needs a change,\" she cooed. Puzzled, Francœur watched as Lucille took Odetta over to a small table. Odd assortments of items were spread out as Lucille laid Odetta on the table. She cooed over the little girl, making her laugh. She then stripped Odetta of her nightclothes and a strange cloth fastened to her bottom. Francœur was not sure what Lucille was up too as she began using the items around the table, all while playing with Odetta. Finally, Lucille took out a new cloth and placed it on Odetta, fastening it together with two pins. Once she had her nightdress back on, Lucille held Odetta with one arm on her shoulder, and disposed of the used materials on the table. Once done, her attention was back on the baby. \"There now, all dry.\" Lucille began to bounce Odetta in her arms. Francœur smiled as he watched them. The slight action seemed to come second nature to Lucille. And he liked the idea of Lucille with the baby. She seemed so happy and Odetta was a sweet little girl. Still, he did not understand why Lucille had brought the baby back with her. When Lucille stopped bouncing her arms, he gave Lucille a questioning chirp and pointed to Odetta. Understanding his meaning, Lucille's smile began to fade. She held Odetta a little tighter and kissed the small girl on her temple. Francœur was concerned. Why was she so sad all of a sudden? Had he done something to upset her? Francœur softly chirped, wishing he could ask her in words what was troubling her. Gathering herself, Lucille turned back and saw Francœur's worried expression. She took a deep breath and tried her best to smile. \"Francœur, do you remember the storm that occurred while I was away?\" He nodded, remembering how it had caused a lot of damage. Raoul read in one of the newspapers that roads had to be blocked off and that, in some towns, there had been a few accidents where some people had been very badly hurt, or worse. It was a few days after that they had received a call from Lucille, stating she needed to remain with her friends until the roads had been cleared. Francœur nodded his head again for Lucille to continue. \"The night of the storm, Jolie and Darell had gone out for the night. It was the last night showing for a play they'd been waiting to see, and they invited me to come along. As tempting as the offer was, I knew I had to leave early in the morning, so I declined and offered to look after Odetta for them.\" Her eyes were beginning to water, and she struggled with her next words. \"I…In the morning… I-I was surprised they hadn't come home. Then… Then I received a call from the local hospital. I was t-told Jolie and Darell had been in a…a terrible accident.\" Lucille had to pause as the tears started to run down her cheek. Francœur recognized this emotion. He had scene it on Lucille when she thought Maynott had shot him. Francœur pulled the handkerchief Lucille had given him out of his pocket. He held it out and she took it, drying her tears. When she could speak, Lucille's voice was still shaky. \"They… T-They died before they could get to the hospital.\" Francœur gasped. He wanted to offer her comfort, but his condolences came out in a series of pitiful chirps and clicks. Lucille dried her eyes again. Though she didn't quite understand what her friend was trying to say, she knew it was meant to comfort her. \"Thank you, Francœur. It's still hard to think they're gone, but at least they were well prepared for Odetta's sake. After the funeral, their lawyer came to see me. Apparently Jolie and Darell had made a will, entrusting me as Odetta's guardian. I guess she and Darell believed I was the best person to take care of Odetta, since they had no other family and I was her godmother.\" Lucille began to smile again. Then she thought about how worried her friends might have been. The only one who knew about Odetta was Carlotta. \"I'm sorry for not telling you, or the others, about Odetta sooner,\" she quickly apologized. \"I asked Carlotta not to say anything at the time because I wasn't sure what would happen to Odetta. Jolie and Darell's death had been so sudden, I thought she would be placed in foster care. After all, I work in a cabaret so it's not really the ideal place to raise a child. Yet Jolie and Darell wanted Odetta to be raised by someone they considered family. So the courts gave me temporary custody until they settle the papers, but I'll need to go back in about two months receive full legal guardianship.\" Francœur shook his head. She didn't need to apologize. He didn't understand much about humans yet, but Lucille was his friend. He trusted her. Besides, it might be fun to have this little one around. He reached out and brushed a gloved finger over Odetta's nose, making her laugh. Seeing his curiosity, Lucille gestured to Odetta. \"Would you like to hold her, Francœur?\" she asked. Francœur panicked. He wasn't sure about holding Odetta. One look at the tiny child and Francœur feared he might drop her. He took a step back, his hands raised in a defensive position. Lucille laughed and stepped toward him. \"Francœur, don't worry. Here, let me show you how to hold a baby.\" She kept her eyes on Odetta, but made sure to address Francœur. \"See, you just hold her like so. Cradle her head in the crook of you arm, and wrap the other around her or your arm for support.\" Francœur mimicked the hold with his arms. Once he felt he had the position right, he looked to Lucille. She could still see the apprehension in his eyes, but she smiled and placed Odetta into his arms before he could protest. The moment he had the baby, Francœur froze. He didn't move a muscle, fearing he might drop her if he even took a breath. Odetta looked up at the giant flea with curious eyes. Unsure what else to do, Francœur slowly started to smile. He was surprised when Odetta began giggling. His smile grew more confident. Carefully freeing a lower forearm from his sleeve, he reached up to tickle Odetta under her chin just as Lucille had done. That made Odetta laugh more and her tiny hands reached up to him. Suddenly, Francœur was surprised as she grabbed on to one of his fingers. For such a small thing, Odetta had quite the grip. Francœur tried to remove his finger, but the little girl was determined to hold on tight. Odetta giggled at the new game. Not sure what to do, Francœur turned to Lucille and chirped for her assistance. However, Lucille was too mesmerized by the sight before her. Francœur had been so gentle with Odetta. And when he began tickling her chin, something stirred in her heart. She wanted to imprint this image in her mind when Francœur's frantic chirps broke her spell. She blinked and looked to see Odetta trying to put Francœur's finger into her tiny mouth. Poor Francœur looked desperate, and Lucille felt a little guilty for laughing. She gently removed his finger from the tiny girl's grasp, and took Odetta from his arms. \"Now, now,\" Lucille cooed. \"It's past your bedtime, young lady. Time for all little angels to go back to sleep.\" However, Odetta did not agree with her guardian. She wanted to stay up and play with the strange man with big glowing eyes. Odetta began to fuss and reached out for Francœur. The little action made Lucille chuckle. \"Oh dear. I don't think she'll go to sleep. Francœur, could you hold her again? I'm going to make a warm bottle. That should put her to back to sleep.\" Francœur nodded. He first removed his gloves, since his lower forearms were already freed from his sleeves. Placing them on the nightstand, he reached out with his upper arms and took Odetta from Lucille. Happily back where she wanted to be, Odetta tried grabbing for his fingers again. Seeing her intent, Lucille reached into the basket and withdrew a small teddy bear. She placed it in Odetta's eager hands. The distraction worked and Francœur chirped his thanks. He watched as Lucille nodded, then turned and grabbed her sheer aqua silk robe. She threw it over her shoulders, fastening the top few silk covered buttons down the front bodice before she left to fetch a bottle. While he waited, Francœur looked down at the tiny girl in his arms. So far, she seemed wonderful and she had certainly made herself a comfortable place in the giant flea's heart. He began to wonder how things would change with this little one around. As he watched her play with her toy, Francœur began to hum again. When Lucille returned, Francœur was still humming the tune. She smiled and walked over. \"Come here and sit down.\" She gestured to the edge of her bed. \"You must be tired of standing.\" Francœur gladly sat on the bed, thankful to give his sore legs a break. The bed creaked up his weight, but it didn't seem to bother anyone. Lucille then offered him the bottle. Using a free arm, Francœur took the bottle and offered it to Odetta. Lucille laughed when Odetta just stared at it. He tried again, this time Odetta gabbed it and popped it into her mouth. As she drank, Lucille sat down next to Francœur. Seeing she was still wide-awake, Lucille began to hum her own song. Francœur perked up, having never heard this song before. Sleepy time, the young one sleeps, The child will sleep very soon Sleepy time, the young one sleeps, The child will sleep oh, so soon. A white hen Is in the barn. It'll make a small egg For the child who goes to sleep. Sleepy time, the young one sleeps, The child will sleep very soon Sleepy time, the young one sleeps, The child will sleep oh, so soon. Everyone is calm All around It's the time for all to sleep Sleep will come soon. When the song came to an end, Lucille opened her eyes to find Francœur watching her. She took a quick look at Odetta, smiling when she saw the girl's eyes were half lidded, trying to fight back sleep. Lucille turned her gaze back to Francœur. \"The song is called Dodo, l'enfant do ,\" Lucille explained, smiling at the found memory the song held. \"My mother used to sing it to me. I thought Odetta might like it. It always put me to sleep when I was little.\" Francœur nodded his approval, for he liked the song as well. Odetta began to fuss again, pushing the bottle away. Francœur tried to give it back, but she kept continued rejecting it. Lucille then told him Odetta needed to be burped. She stood and grabbed a rag cloth from the table, and brought it over to drape across Francœur's shoulder. Then she instructed him to lean Odetta on the shoulder with the cloth, and wrap his arm around her bottom. Then she told him to use his free hand to gently pat her back. Francœur did as she said, holding her with two of his arms and used the third to carefully pat Odetta's back. After a few pats Odetta burped, then sighed and snuggled into Francœur's shoulder. Francœur smiled and looked to Lucille. She smiled back and watched as he eased the tired girl back into his original hold. She was still awake but the signs were clear she would fall asleep very soon. Lucille sat back down and began to sing again, this time much slower. Francœur noticed and this time, he decided to join her. Sleepy time, the young one sleeps, The child will sleep very soon Sleepy time, the young one sleeps, The child will sleep oh, so soon. A white hen Is in the barn. It'll make a small egg For the child who goes to sleep. Sleepy time, the young one sleeps, The child will sleep very soon Sleepy time, the young one sleeps, The child will sleep oh, so soon. Everyone is calm All around It's the time for all to sleep Sleep will come soon. As the song came to an end, Francœur looked down to see Odetta was sound asleep. He smiled and turned to show Lucille. He chirped in surprise to find Lucille leaning against his side, also sound asleep. Francœur smiled. He knew she must have been tired. Quietly, he reached out with his right lower arm, and drew the basket closer to him. He set Odetta inside and drew the blankets over her, tucking them in tightly to the sides. Then he reached for the teddy bear she had discarded and placed it beside her. Odetta sighed as she cuddled her bear and stuck her thumb in her mouth. Seeing she was sound asleep, Francœur drew his attention to the sleeping women by his side. He slowly stood, keeping one hand on Lucille's shoulder so she wouldn't fall. Then, just as he had done with Odetta, Francœur gently eased Lucille into his upper arms. She leaned her head against his chest, completely unaware of her surroundings as he cradled her in his arms. Francœur then walked to the other side of the bed, careful not to disturb his precious bundle. Using his lower arms, he pulled back the covers and straightened the pillows. Once he thought it suitable, he placed Lucille into her bed. He tucked the covers around her and turned off the lamp. Taking one last look, Francœur silently wished them both a goodnight and pleasant dreams. He shut the door, then made his way back to his own room. Tomorrow would come soon, and when he woke, there would be two smiling faces waiting to start a new day. The End XXX AN: Well, my first A Monster in Paris fic is done. I really hoped you all liked it. The song is an actual French lullaby I found on the Internet, but I decided to use the English translation. I'm considering adding more, but I'll wait to see how this turns out first. That and I have my NBC fic I still have to finish.[Chapter 2] AN: Okay, I wanted to keep this a one shot, but darn plot bunnies just couldn't resist adding more. Okay, not entirely true. I did say I would write more if people asked for it, and I was surprised more was wanted. So now this will be a little series of Lucille and Francœur raising little Odetta. Francœur watched as Lucille bustled about the living room. One moment she would add another paper to the pile on the coffee table, and the next she was in the kitchen trying to finish her breakfast. Francœur had already tried to offer her his help, but she politely brushed him aside. So he continued to watch her from the couch. \"Lucille,\" Carlotta said as she waited by the door. \"The cab is waiting. Have you got everything, dear?\" \"Just a second,\" Lucille called as she raced into the kitchen. Carlotta sighed. \"I'll be waiting for you in the cab, so try to hurry. We can't be late for this appointment.\" She adjusted her hat and went out the door. Lucille continued to gather her things, checking and double-checking to make sure she had everything in order. Francœur moved from his seat and held out his hand to offer his help again. Lucille looked up and smiled. \"Thank you, Francœur, but I've got everything I need now.\" She gathered it all into a file and slipped it into her bag. \"Now, I put Odetta down for her nap, so she should sleep for another half hour. I will be back late tonight, but I asked Maude to come stay with you and Odetta.\" Francœur smiled. Maude had been over many times to help Lucille care for her goddaughter. The first time Lucille had introduced the little girl to their friends, everyone simply adored her. Raoul had been surprised that Lucille would be taking on a child, but he seemed to warm up to Odetta, even becoming somewhat of a big brother. Meanwhile, Emile and Maude couldn't stop cooing over her. Whenever Francœur and Lucille had to perform, Maude and Emile would happily look after her. There were even some nights when Raoul volunteered. It was fun looking out into the audience to see Odetta clapping and laughing as she watched them perform. Ever since Lucille had brought the little girl home two months ago, Odetta had become a welcomed addition to their lives. Francœur enjoyed playing with the young girl, and helping care for her, but what he loved most was watching Lucille and Odetta together. There was something about the way Lucille would light up whenever Odetta was with her. Sometimes he had to remind himself that Odetta was not Lucille's actual child, but the way Odetta and Lucille would look at each other, Francœur would swear they belonged together. Back in the present, Lucille had stood up and walked to the door, muttering to herself about everything she needed. Francœur followed her and helped her into her coat. \"Now, lets see… Odetta's schedule is on the counter, baby formula is in the icebox, and all my papers are in my bag. That's everything.\" She sighed. \"Alright, Francœur, I'm off to the courthouse. Wish me luck\" Lucille grabbed her hat off the rack, and looked back at Francœur one last time. \"I'll see you tonight.\" She waved goodbye and walked out the door. Francœur moved to watch from the window and waved back. His eyes followed after Lucille as she slid into the cab, and then drove out of sight. Once it was gone, Francœur walked back to the couch. He sat down and reached for the book lying on the coffee table. He really wanted to practice a new piano piece for the show, but he didn't want to wake Odetta. So to pass the time, he decided to do a little reading until Maude arrived. He had really been enjoying listening to Lucille as she read this particular book to Odetta last night. It was a tale about a young girl and her magical garden. He was curious to find out about the mysterious crying the girl kept hearing when the telephone rang. He normally didn't answer the phone because he couldn't speak. However, the loud ringing would wake Odetta, and the little girl was quite irritable when she didn't take her nap. Marking his place, Francœur set the book aside and grabbed the phone. He placed it to his ear like he'd seen Lucille and Carlotta do many times, and waited for the person on the other line to speak. Hello? The speaker was Maude, but Francœur noticed she sounded a little strange. Lucille, it's Maude. Please tell me you haven't left yet? Francœur chirped into the receiver, wishing he could use words to tell Maude that Lucille had already left. But why was she calling Lucille? Maude was supposed to be on her way over here, wasn't she? There was a muffled coughing sound before Maude spoke again. Francœur? Is that you? Where's… Oh no, I must have missed them. There was another pause and Francœur heard a very loud sneeze come from Maude's end. Francœur, I'm so sorry, but I woke up this morning with a cold and I won't be able to come over to watch Odetta. Francœur's eyes widened in shock; this was not good. What was he to do? Lucille and Carlotta had already left, and now there was no one to look after Odetta. He chirped and chattered nervously, panic overtaking his thinking. Maude overheard this and through a fit of coughs, she tried to console the giant flea. Now Francœur, please try to stay calm. Emile might be able to come over, but he is working late at the theater today. I'd call Raoul except he is out of town picking up his new car , Maude explained. I'll call Emile and explain the situation. He might just be able to get out early. Until then, you'll have to take care of Odetta. Francœur chirped in protest. There was just no way he could take care of Odetta by himself. He was just a singing flea, not a babysitter. Sure he had helped Lucille many times, but never had he been alone with Odetta for an entire day. He kept chirping and trilling loudly, desperately pleading to Maude that he just couldn't do this. Francœur, listen to me , Maude said, trying to calm him. I know you're worried, but you've seen how Lucille and I take care of her. And I've watched you with Odetta many times. I'm sure you'll do just fine. She paused to blow her nose. Now, I want you to listen. Lucille usually leaves a note with Odetta's schedule on the counter whenever I babysit. If you don't find one, I can tell you what to do, but you should know the routine by now. Francœur gently set the phone down and went into the kitchen. There on the counter was the note Maude had mentioned. He picked it up before heading back to the phone. He chirped to let Maude know he was back. Then he took the note and crinkled it slightly, letting Maude know he had it. Good, you found it , she said. Just follow that list, and you'll do f–fi– A-Achoo! Sorry. Francœur, I'm going to hang up now, and get some rest. I'll call Emile before that and tell him to call you when he can. He can let you know if he can come over or not. I'm really sorry about this. Francœur sighed, silently forgiving Maude. It really wasn't her fault. He chittered his goodbyes before hanging up the phone. Despite Maude's assurance, he couldn't stop worrying. He quickly glanced up at the clock. Lucille had put Odetta down about ten minutes ago, so she should stay asleep for another hour and a half. That gave him time to figure out what he would do, though Francœur hoped that Emile would be able to come. In the meantime, he decided to look over Lucille's instructions before he did anything else. He sat down on the couch and read the list. Lucille had already taken care of the morning routine, so all he had to do was take care of preparing meals for lunch and dinner, playtime, give Odetta her bath, and then put her to bed. So far, everything on the list seemed simple enough. He could easily remember all the things Lucille would do to care for Odetta: feeding her, changing diapers and clothes, and watching Lucille give Odetta a bath was fun. Feeding Odetta hadn't been a problem either, though Francœur remembered that Lucille had recently started Odetta on solid foods. His only real concern would be during playtime. Lucille always played games that involved talking with Odetta. Sometimes she would sound out the words as she read books to Odetta, and other times Lucille would play games that involved counting, or identifying different objects. Francœur sighed. If only he were able to speak. It was odd. Even though the Professor had been able to repeat the process that had created Francœur in the first place—this time making the effects permanent—there was no explanation for why he could not speak. Even the Professor had no answer for it. The \"Atomize-a-Tune\" formula gave him a harmonious singing voice, but whenever he tried to speak, his words came out in a series of clicks, chirps or purrs, sometimes even hisses. What really made it strange was that he could read and write; even music and lyrics were no problem for him. Francœur hadn't realized how long he had been lost in thought until he heard a sound coming from upstairs. He quickly glanced at the clock and gasped. It read eleven o'clock. He'd been sitting there for over forty-five minutes. He quickly got up off the couch and went upstairs. He went to Lucille's room and when he opened the door, he saw Odetta sitting up in her crib and babbling to herself. He noticed Lucille had dressed her in a white cotton romper, with pink and blue embroidered trim on the sleeves and collar. On the front was an embroidered scene of two kittens chasing butterflies. Her little, incoherent prattling made Francœur smile, and he stepped into the room. Odetta looked up and gave a happy cry when she saw him. She pulled herself up against the crib railing, reaching out her arms and laughing as he came closer. He smiled and reached into the crib. Francœur quickly changed her before grabbing a blanket and few toys, and then headed back downstairs. He set out her blanket and toys on the living room carpet before he placed her down next to her teddy bear. While Odetta busied herself with her toys, Francœur checked Lucille's list. With Odetta's morning nap out of the way, it was time for lunch. Simple enough. He headed toward the kitchen but stopped. Normally, he would play with Odetta while Lucille made lunch. With it being just the two of them, he would need to keep a constant eye on his tiny charge. He walked back to Odetta and, picking up two corners of the blanket, pulled her into the kitchen. Odetta squealed in delight over the sudden free ride. Francœur chirped, delighted she was having fun. He slid her over to where he could watch her, then turned to begin searching the icebox. He found plenty of fruit and vegetables, plus some meat and cheese, and he even spotted several bottles already filled with formula. It would need to be heated. He was grateful that Lucille had shown him how to work the stove, and how to check the temperature of the formula. Taking one last look, Francœur spotted a large container containing his meal, a special treat curtsy of the butcher's shop. He decided to save that for dinner tonight and turned back to making Odetta's lunch. Francœur settled on feeding Odetta some sweet potatoes Lucille had mashed up and a small cup of strawberries. As he set the food on the table, Francœur felt a small tug on his pant leg. He looked down and saw Odetta giggling up at him, his pant cuff held in her tiny grasp. He smiled back and lifted her into his arms. He set her in her high chair and then placed her lunch on the tray. Odetta gurgled and mashed her hands into her food, managing to put some in her mouth. While she ate, Francœur prepared her a bottle of formula. He heated it to the right temperature and poured the liquid into a bottle. When he turned to give Odetta her bottle, he was surprised at the mess he encountered. About half of the meal managed to get into her mouth. The rest coated her hands, face, and covered the tray. Francœur walked over to the sink and wet two cloths. Then he used his free hands to remove the bowls from Odetta's tray before setting to work cleaning up the mess. Odetta laughed and tried to wriggle away, but Francœur just smiled. This was where having extra hands came in handy. Taking the wet cloths, Francœur wiped off the strawberry and yams from Odetta's face and hands. Once she was clean, Francœur picked Odetta up and then set her down, giving her the bottle while he put the dishes in the sink. When she finished her bottle, Francœur took it and watched her crawl back into the living room, while he cleaned up the kitchen. After the kitchen was clean, Francœur walked into the living room. He scooped Odetta in his arms and carried her upstairs. She had gotten some of her lunch on her clothes, so he exchanged them for a clean loose fitting cotton romper with a flowery embroidery detail, and two petite slit pockets in front. He picked her up and brought her back downstairs. He set her on the floor, and Odetta crawled back to her blanket and began playing with her teddy bear. Seeing his charge was content, Francœur decided to work on his piano piece. It was for a special show Carlotta had planned for the summer tourist season. She had specifically asked Francœur to come up with something for summertime. Francœur didn't know much about summer, but Lucille had told him a little about it. Apparently the weather got very warm and people did things like going outside to fly kites or…swimming. The thought made Francœur shudder. He didn't understand why humans would want to go anywhere near water. He hadn't forgotten how Maynott had nearly tried to drown him in the River Seine. Though he didn't mind the rain so much. There was no risk of drowning, and it was actually quite peaceful when he would listen to the pitter-patter sounds it made as it fell from the sky. In fact, if it weren't for that rainy night, he would never have met Lucille. \"Ah-ah!\" Francœur shook his head and looked up. He noticed Odetta was not on her blanket, and he began to panic when he couldn't find the girl anywhere. He stood up from the piano and walked over to the couch. He chirped several times, hoping to draw the girl's attention, and then listened for the tiny sound she had made. Finally, he spotted Odetta next to the couch. She was grunting as she tried to pull herself up. Francœur reached out to help her, but she whined and batted his hand away. She looked up at him with a tiny frown on her face, her bottom lip sticking out in a pout. Francœur took a step back. He smiled as he recognized this face. It was her way of telling him she wanted to do it herself. Odetta had started making it when she began holding her bottle on her own. Francœur remembered how Lucile had laughed. He gave her a chirp and watched as she turned back to the couch. She finally managed to get herself up on her feet, but instead of crawling onto the cushions, Odetta tried taking a few steps. Step-by-step, she slowly made her way to the end of the couch and then stopped. Francœur titled his head, curious to what she would do next. After a couple of minutes, Odetta placed one foot out in front of her. She then pushed off the couch and tried to walk forward. She didn't even make it one step before she started to fall. Panicked, Francœur dove to the ground, catching Odetta before she could hurt herself. He sighed, glad she was all right, and smiled when he saw that she was laughing, not crying. He picked her up and placed her back on her blanket. When he went to stand so he could return to the piano, Odetta grabbed hold of his second set of hands. He tried to get her to let go, but for such a tiny girl, she had a very strong grip. Francœur managed to pull Odetta to her feet as she held on tightly. She took a few steps towards him, laughing when she didn't fall. Puzzled, Francœur took another step back and then watched as Odetta followed with a few shuffled steps of her own. Suddenly getting an idea, Francœur smiled, and slowly began to take a few more steps backwards as Odetta continued walking. They ended up walking all around the living room, and even walked a few laps around the kitchen. Odetta was having so much fun as Francœur carefully guided her around the lower level of the apartment. After about fifteen minutes or so, Francœur began to tire and flopped down on the couch. Taking care of Odetta was much easier when he had someone else there, and Odetta was still full of energy. He looked down when he felt Odetta tug on his pant leg, and lifted her up into his lap. She looked at him expectantly, and Francœur had no idea what he was supposed to do. He tried to recall all the things Lucille did, but nothing came to mind. \"Ba-ba-ba-ba.\" He looked down at Odetta and titled his head, wondering what she was trying to say. \"Ba-ba-ba.\" Francœur chirped back, pointing to himself. Odetta shook her head, and continued making her ba-ba-ba sound. Despite his tired feet, Francœur got up and walked over to where Odetta's blanket and toys still lay. He picked up her teddy bear and handed it to her, but Odetta pushed it away. He picked up the other toys, but they too were discarded. Francœur had no idea just what she wanted. He had fed her, so she shouldn't be hungry until dinnertime, and she definitely wasn't tired. He thought she might be wet, but after checking, he found that wasn't the case. Still, Odetta continued to babel and then she started pointing at something. Francœur stood up and looked around to find what it was she was pointing at. His large eyes then fell on the bookcase. He carried Odetta over to it and she squealed in delight, patting his shoulder. Francœur however was not as enthusiastic. Odetta wanted him to read her a story. How was he supposed to do that when he could not speak? Still, it seemed to be the only thing that would pacify her, so he began to search through the books. He looked around until one particular book title caught his eye. Picking it up, the title read, Mother Goose in Prose by L. Frank Baum. The title intrigued him, and Francœur began to look through the pages. It seemed this book was filled with short stories, and each one seemed to rhyme. Francœur paused at one particular tale entitled, \"Baa, Baa, Black Sheep.\" As he read the words, he noticed they seemed to mimic a song he recalled Lucille had once played. Tucking the book under his arm, Francœur made his way to the piano where Lucille kept her music sheets. He searched through them until he found the one he was looking for. He set the others aside and read over the music notes on the page, pleased that this was the sheet he'd been thinking of. He sat down and placed the music sheet on the music stand, and sat Odetta in his lap. She squirmed a little before settling in her seat to watch. Francœur looked over the notes before setting his fingers to the keys. The vertical harmony was simple and fairly easy to play. He paused to open the book to the page with the sheep story. He quickly memorized the words and started to replace them with the words from the book. Meanwhile, Odetta was smiling and giggling. She began to clap her hands, making Francœur smile. Once he felt he had the tempo just right, he started to sing. Baa, baa, black sheep, Have you any wool? Yes, sir, yes, sir, Three bags full; One for the master, And one for the dame, And one for the little boy Who lives down the lane. Odetta laughed, clapping her hands in delight. Francœur smiled and played the song again. When he sang it for the third time, Odetta pointed to the book, indicating she wanted him to sing something else. He picked up he book and began flipping through the pages. None of them seemed to match the music he had, and Odetta was getting inpatient. He needed to think of another song, and quickly. Suddenly, Francœur recalled a song from a book he had read once. He had shown it to Lucille and she had played it for him on the piano. Maybe he could play that. He tried to remember the words and only came up with the first verse, but he melody was very easy to remember. Francœur set his hands on the keys again and began to play. \"Will you walk a little faster?\" said a whiting to a snail, \"There's a porpoise close behind us, and he's treading on my tail. See how eagerly the lobsters and the turtles all advance! They are waiting on the shingle – will you come and join the dance? Will you, won't you, will you, won't you, will you join the dance? Will you, won't you, will you, won't you, won't you join the dance? When the song was done, Francœur looked over to see Odetta smiling. She cheered and then she started reaching for the piano keys. Francœur maneuvered her so that she sat facing the keys and let her tiny hands explore. She hit a few different notes, making Francœur wince, but Odetta just laughed at the sounds she was making. Then she turned to him, patting the keys. She wanted him to play it again. Francœur nodded his head and chirped before reaching around and playing the song. As he played, Odetta jumped in his lap, clapping and waving her feet. He suddenly got an idea and stopped playing. He then picked Odetta up and walked to the center of the living room. Pushing away some of the furniture, Francœur set Odetta on her feet, keeping a firm hold of her hands to help her stand up. Once she was stable, Francœur began to sing the song and started to make up steps as he sang. Odetta squealed as Francœur began to lead her around, laughing as she tried to keep up. At one point, Francœur lifted her into the air and spun her around. They were having so much fun that the time flew by, and soon it was six o'clock. Francœur set Odetta in her high chair while he prepared her dinner. He settled on some rice cereal, mashed bananas, and some stemmed carrots. This time he decided to spoon feed her so more of her dinner would make it into her mouth. Some of the food ended up on her clothes, but at least not as much as before. When she finished eating, he set her bottle on her tray, while he helped himself to his own meal. Once they were finished, Francœur cleared the dishes while Odetta played some more with her toys. They played for the next two hours until it was time for a certain young lady to go to bed. Francœur rounded up Odetta and her toys before carrying her upstairs to Lucille's bedroom. He placed Odetta and her toys in her crib and quickly checked Lucille's list. All he had to do When he was sure Odetta was fast asleep, Francœur let out a long sigh. It had been a long and tiring day, and he still needed to tidy up the house, but he smiled. He had been so unsure about caring for Odetta on his own, and yet nothing bad had happened. He had actually done pretty well. Had it been a lot of work, yes, but caring for Odetta was fun and he couldn't wait for Lucille to come home to tell her about the day. He went back downstairs and began cleaning up the living room. He returned the books to the shelves and the music sheets back into the box. After the living room was clean, Francœur looked up at the clock. He wanted to stay up and wait for Lucille, maybe try working on the piano piece he hand't started, but his tired body protested its need for sleep. He would work on it the next day. For now, all he wanted to do was crawl into his bed. XXX About an hour and a half later, Francœur awoke to the sound of Odetta's cries. He shuffled from his room to check on her. When he opened the door to Lucile's room, Odetta was sitting up her crib, her tiny cheeks stained with tears. From her crying, Francœur could tell she was scared, most likely from having a bad dream. He walked over and picked her up, bouncing Odetta in his upper arms and purring softly. It seemed to calm her down, but Odetta continued to fuss. Francœur used a lower arm to check and, sure enough, Odetta was wet. He quickly changed her and tried to get Odetta to go back to sleep. now was give Odetta a bath and a bottle, and then she would go to sleep. Francœur smiled, thinking about the first time he had given Odetta a bath. Two months ago… Francœur walked towards his room when he heard the sound of running water. At first, he paid no mind to it. Lucille often took bathes about this time. He never understood why she would want to submerge herself in water, but he had to admit she always smelled nice afterwards, like the flowers she was given after a show. He was about to walk past the door when he suddenly heard Lucille's voice. \"Odetta, ha ha! Stop that!\" Curios, Francœur approached the bathroom and knocked on the door. \"Oh, is that you, Francœur? Could you come in here, please? I need your help. Ah! Odetta, you little imp.\" Francœur tentatively opened the door and peered inside. He spotted Lucille kneeling over the bathtub. Her sleeves were rolled up past her elbows, and parts of her dress had been splashed with water. There were also soapsuds in her hair and a wet washcloth was held in her hand. Lucille looked up and smiled at him. \"I was just giving Odetta a bath, but as you can see, she's more interested in seeing how big of a splash she could make.\" Francœur looked down at the tub and saw Odetta sitting inside. She was smiling at him. \"Ba-ba-ba!\" Odetta squealed. She splashed about, sending more water and suds everywhere. Lucille laughed and used her arm to shield her face. Francœur chirped, glad his tall height allowed him to avoid getting splashed in the face. However, his pants were getting soaked along with the floor and Lucille's dress. \"Francœur, could you help me, please?\" Lucille asked, smiling desperately for his aide. Not sure how exactly he could help, Francœur nodded. He took off his jacked and placed it on the sink counter, and then knelt down next to Lucille. She smiled, and then told him that she needed him to hold onto Odetta so she could finish cleaning her up. Francœur nodded. He rolled up his sleeves, and then used his upper hands to hold onto Odetta. With Francœur keeping her still, Lucille used her soapy washcloth to scrub Odetta down, making the girl laugh when Lucille cleaned her tummy. After Odetta was covered in soap, Lucille had Francœur grab the cup she had placed on the counter. He reached out with a lower forearm and handed her the cup. She thanked him and then poured warm water over Odetta to rinse off the soap. Once Odetta was clean, Lucille drained the water from the tub and handed Francœur a towel. He wrapped the towel around Odetta's body, and lifted her from the tub. Tucking the towel loosely, he handed her to Lucille. She smiled and began patting Odetta down to dry off the remaining water. \"Thank you, Francœur,\" Lucille said, giving him a warm smile. After that first time, Lucille had asked him help her with all of Odetta's baths. Despite his dislike for water, Francœur had actually not minded helping give Odetta a bath. It was easy to learn what was needed to start a bath, and Francœur had fun helping Lucille, though getting into a splashing fight with Lucille and Odetta was fun too. The thought reminded Francœur that he still had to gather everything for Odetta's bath. He left the bedroom and retrieved the necessary materials from the linen closet: soap, towels, washcloth, and a cup. He set them on the bathroom counter and then went to the tub. He rolled up his sleeves, turned the water on, and waited until it was just the right temperature. Once it felt warm enough, he put in the stopper and allowed the water to fill about three inches before turning the water off. Then he got up and walked back to Lucille's bedroom. He took Odetta out of her crib and removed her dirty clothes, placing them in the hamper. Then he picked her up and carried her into the bathroom. Odetta giggled when she saw the bath and bounced in his arms, making Francœur smile. He eased her into he tub, but the moment she was in the water, Odetta started splashing about. Francœur chirped as the water went everywhere, almost getting him in the eye. Francœur chirred and set Odetta down, letting her play while he lathered the washcloth with soap. At one point, Odetta splashed the water hard enough that it hit Francœur in the face. He blinked in surprised as Odetta laughed and squealed. Not to be outdone, Francœur splashed a little water back at her. He clicked and chirped, happy she was having fun. Then it was time for the soap. Leaning over the tub, Francœur held Odetta with two arms as he began to wash her down. While he washed, he absentmindedly hummed \"The Mock Turtle Song,\" his soft voice adding a melodic trilling to the tune. While he hummed, Odetta giggled and tried to copy Francœur's humming. He looked down at her and smiled, chirping at her. Odetta tried to mimic the sound, but it came out a little gurgled. Francœur chuckled and continued his task. Once she was clean, he took the cup and rinsed her off. Then he took the stopper out of the tub and reached for the towel. Wrapping her up, Francœur lifted Odetta from the tub and carried her back into the bedroom. He gathered a clean diaper and her nightclothes, and then set Odetta on the bed to dress her. She squirmed but Francœur managed to slip her nightdress on. After that, he picked her up and rested her on his shoulder, making his way downstairs to make Odetta a bottle. He warmed the formula and handed Odetta the bottle before making his way back upstairs. Francœur noticed Odetta's eyes were drooping. He placed her down in her crib, tucking the blackest snuggly around her. He slipped out of the room and cleaned up the bathroom before returning to find Odetta sound asleep. He carefully took the bottle out of the crib and tucked the blanket under Odetta's chin. Turning off the light, Francœur quietly slipped out of the room, closing the door and leaving only a crack open. When he was sure Odetta was fast asleep, Francœur let out a long sigh. It had been a long and tiring day, and he still needed to tidy up the house, but he smiled. He had been so unsure about caring for Odetta on his own, and yet nothing bad had happened. He had actually done pretty well. Had it been a lot of work, yes, but caring for Odetta was fun and he couldn't wait for Lucille to come home to tell her about the day. He went back downstairs and began cleaning up the living room. He returned the books to the shelves and the music sheets back into the box. After the living room was clean, Francœur looked up at the clock. He wanted to stay up and wait for Lucille, maybe try working on the piano piece he hand't started, but his tired body protested its need for sleep. He would work on it the next day. For now, all he wanted to do was crawl into his bed. XXX About an hour and a half later, Francœur awoke to the sound of Odetta's cries. He shuffled from his room to check on her. When he opened the door to Lucile's room, Odetta was sitting up her crib, her tiny cheeks stained with tears. From her crying, Francœur could tell she was scared, most likely from having a bad dream. He walked over and picked her up, bouncing Odetta in his upper arms and purring softly. It seemed to calm her down, but Odetta continued to fuss. Francœur used a lower arm to check and, sure enough, Odetta was wet. He quickly changed her and tried to get Odetta to go back to sleep. Despite his attempts to soothe her, Odetta did not want to go back to sleep. She whined and clung to his nightshirt, burying her face in his shoulder. Trying to think through the fog in his mind, Francœur shuffled downstairs to the kitchen. He quickly heated some formula on the stove, and let it cool before putting it in a bottle. He shifted Odetta into a cradle hold and gave her the bottle, gently rocking her. Once she began to suckle the formula, Francœur made his way back upstairs. He walked into the bedroom and sat down in the rocking chair next to the crib. Carlotta had bought it for Lucille two weeks ago, insisting that no nursery could be complete without one. She said it was an American solid maple rocking chair and Carlotta had bought for a reasonable price. It was a little small for someone Francœur's size, but it held him just fine. He sat down, stretching out his long legs to make himself comfortable. He cradled Odetta in the crook of his arm as she drank her bottle, and slowly began to rock in the chair. While he rocked, Francœur began to hum the lullaby Lucille always sang to Odetta. He knew that this, combined with the warm formula and his slow rocking, Odetta would be back to sleep in no time. He looked down and smiled to himself as he watched her eyes become heavy. While Odetta continued to drink, Francœur sighed and leaned back, rocking the chair and humming softly. XXX It had been a long day and Lucille was glad to finally be going home. The night was dark as clouds overcast the moon, making the streetlights the only source of light. She hadn't expected the appointment to run so long, but it was well worth it in the end. Yet, despite the exhaustion she felt, Lucille couldn't stop smiling as she looked down and patted her bag. All day she had been worried she'd been seen as an unfit caretaker, and Odetta would be placed in an orphanage. Lucille could not imagine what she would have done if her goddaughter had been taken away from her. She couldn't stop the tears from flowing when the courts gave their final decision, naming Lucille Odetta's legal guardian, and handing her the documents stating her guardianship. Lucille sighed as the cab pulled up to her apartment. \"Goodnight, Honey Bee,\" Carlotta said after Lucille paid her fare and stepped out of the cab. \"I'm really happy everything worked out for you. Give the little darling a kiss from me, okay?\" \"I will. See you tomorrow.\" Lucille waved to her aunt as the cab took off. Sighing, she fumbled around for her keys as she made her way up the steps to her apartment. Once inside, she set her hat and coat on the coat rack and dropped her bag on the coffee table. Surprised to find the house dark, she turned on the lamp and looked around for any sign of her friends. Everyone must be upstairs , she thought. Lucille looked at the clock and noticed it was about ten o'clock at night. I wonder if Maude is still awake. She quickly went to file away the papers, and then tiptoed her way upstairs. She quietly entered her room, expecting to see Maude sitting in the rocking chair while Odetta slept in her crib. The moment she walked in, she was tempted to turn on the light, but decided against it for fear of waking the baby. \"Maude,\" Lucille whispered, \"are you there?\" She peered through the darkness, trying to catch a glimpse of something. Suddenly, the moonlight came pouring into the open window, and Lucille gasped at the sight before her. Her hand flew to her mouth, and her eyes softened as a smile crept over her lips. There, sitting in the rocking chair too small for his large frame, Francœur was sound asleep. His head rested on his broad chest, while Odetta slept cradled in his arms. With the light framing his face, Lucille could tell he looked exhausted but happy. He must have been a big help taking care of Odetta. The sight of the little girl sleeping soundly in the protective arms of the giant flea was one of the most precious sights Lucille had ever seen. Not wanting to disturb them, Lucille quickly slipped out of her room into the hall. As she walked back downstairs, Lucille couldn't help but wonder where Maude was. She began to wonder if Maude had gone home early when the telephone rang. Lucille quickly answered it. \"Hello?\" Lucille, is that you? \"It's me, Emile,\" Lucille answered. \"How are you?\" I'm fine, just calling to check in , he replied. Sorry to call so late, but Maude wanted me to check up on how Francœur was doing. \"Thank you for calling, Emile. Francœur and Odetta are asleep, and I was jut wondering where Maude was. Did she need to leave early?\" Maude never made it to your apartment, Lucille , Emile explained. She came down with a bad cold. She tried to call before you left, but when Francœur answered the phone, she knew she had just missed you. \"Oh dear! Is she alright?\" Lucille asked, concerned for her friend. She's fine. I called her after I got home from the theater , Emile said. She tried to call me at work to see if I could fill in for her, but we were low on staff today, and I had to cover their shifts. Now Lucille was getting worried. \"Emile, if you and Maude weren't here, then who was looking after Odetta?\" Maude told me Francœur was with her all day. She said he found Odetta's schedule on the counter, and Maude told him to follow that. Lucille was in shock. Francœur had taken care of Odetta all day? By himself? She could hardly believe it. She shook her head, remembering Emile was still on the phone. \"Oh… Thank you for telling me. Tell Maude I hope she feels better soon, and I'll call her tomorrow.\" Okay. Goodnight, Lucille. \"Goodnight.\" She hung up the phone. She turned around and shut the lamp off before making her way back upstairs. As she entered her room her eyes looked to the rocking chair where Francœur and Odetta slept. She leaned against the doorframe, just starring at her large friend in wonder. To think he had spent the whole day looking after her goddaughter all by himself. Lucille smiled, admiring Francœur. He really was amazing. Feeling her exhaustion finally catch up with her, Lucille quickly grabbed her nightwear and slipped into the bathroom. She changed and brushed her teeth, and then she made her way back to her room. She quietly walked over and picked up the bottle lying next to Francœur's foot. Lucille figured he must have been feeding Odetta and they had both fallen asleep. She couldn't blame them. Often times when she sat in that chair the rocking motion would make her drowsy. Lucille set the bottle on the changing table and turned back to Francœur. Part if her couldn't bear to ruin their tender sleep, but she was worried Francœur might wake up the next morning with a crick in his neck. She reached to take Odetta from Francœur and place her in her crib. The moment she placed her hand on her, Odetta whimpered and cuddled closer to Francœur's chest. Even though he was sound asleep, Francœur tightened his arms around Odetta's small form, keeping her safe even in sleep. Lucille smiled and covered her mouth to prevent the awe that wanted to escape her throat. There was no way either of these two would be parted from the other. Still, she couldn't just leave them like that. Lucille walked out of her bedroom and slipped into Francœur's room. She grabbed the blanket and pillow off his bed, and walked back to her room. She set his blanket over Francœur's lap, tucking the top half around Odetta and the bottom around Francœur's long legs. Then she removed her mother's afghan blanket from her bed and carefully settled it over Francœur's broad shoulders. Smiling at her work, she turned to look down at her goddaughter. She reached over and swept a small strand of hair from her eyes. Odetta sighed under the touch, and stuck her thumb in her mouth. Lucille leaned forward and placed a kiss to Odetta's forehead. \"Goodnight, my little angel,\" she whispered. \"Sweet dreams.\" Lucille then turned and grabbed Francœur's large pillow. She eased it behind Francœur's head. He shifted in his sleep, but he didn't wake up. Lucille smiled. \"Thank you, Francœur. You really are a wonder, and a dear friend.\" She leaned close and pressed a small kiss to his cheek. Francœur purred in his sleep, making Lucille laugh. She tiptoed over to her bed and settled herself under the covers. As sleep began to take her, Lucille kept her eyes on Francœur and Odetta. The last thing that entered her mind was just how lucky she was that she had these two very special people in her life. XXX AN: I hope you all enjoyed this chapter. If you like how this chapter turns out, I also wouldn't mind hearing ideas for what you would like to see happen, so please leave reviews. Disclaimer: The first song Francœur plays is the French melody \"Ah vous dirai-je, Maman\" composed by Mozart. Odd little history fact, this melody was later used for other children's songs, such as \"Twinkle Little Star\" and The Alphabet Song\". \"The Mock Turtle Song\", aka the \"Lobster Quadrille\", comes from Charles L. Dodgson's novel Alice's Adventures in Wonderland , and I used the melody song by Gene Wilder in 1999 Alice in Wonderland film.[Chapter 3] AN: Hey, I'm back, and I brought a new chapter. Gotta say, the plot bunnies were real creative with this one. What happened, you ask? I was sitting outside in the swing, just enjoying the warm air we've been having lately, and this chapter idea hit me. And when I began to write it, the weather went from nice and sunny, to muggy, and finally downpour, only to back to sunny weather. Gotta love bipolar weather. Well, plot bunnies took that as a sign to add more to the story, so I hope you enjoy. Also, I'd like to make a shout out to CelticGirl7 for the awesome ideas. I already had a few in mind, but the cuteness you added was too good to pass up. Okay, I actually started this idea during the summer and was gonna post it a lot sooner, but then life interfered and before I knew it, school started, and then I got a job… And I'm boring you with excuses and dull reality. Gomenesai ! Well, without further delay (cause I did enough of that), here's the next chapter. The sun shone brightly that morning, not a cloud to be seen to obscure the azure sky. A perfect summer day. Leaning out her bedroom window, Lucille sighed as the warm air brushed loose strands of her hair against her skin. It had been a while since Paris had such nice weather, especially after all the rain that had resulted in the flooding of the River Seine. It reminded her of the days she would play in the park when she was little. She chuckled at one particular memory. It was a day much like today when she ran off with Raoul's toy car. If only the fool had realized she was teasing him and gone after her. It would have saved them a lot of trouble, not to mention prevented numerous arguments between them. At least today she could take advantage of the nice weather. Carlotta had given the staff the day off while the L'Oiseau Rare had some maintenance work done. It was not all that bad, but then again, Lucille figured it was a cover for why her aunt really wanted the cabaret closed. Lately the summer tourists had kept them rather busy, leaving little time for Carlotta and Commissioner Paté to spend time together. Her aunt had more than likely wanted to spend the day with her new fella. It made Lucille happy knowing her aunt now had a special someone, and would stop trying to meddle in her niece's own love life. Smiling, Lucille turned back into her house. She slipped her dressing robe over her nightgown, and walked downstairs into the kitchen where she found Francœur sitting at the table. He was making different purring sounds while feeding Odetta a small bowl of strawberry yogurt. Odetta had woken earlier that morning, but Lucille had been exhausted from all the dancing the night before. Hearing the little girl babbling in her crib, Francœur had taken her downstairs to allow Lucille to sleep a little longer. He fed the little girl another spoonful before he glanced at Lucille and chirped her a morning greeting. \"Good morning Francœur,\" Lucille greeted back, walking further into the kitchen. She stopped by the table and gave her goddaughter a kiss. \"And good morning to you too, little early bird. Thanks again for taking Odetta this morning, Francœur. I'm grateful for the extra sleep, though I wouldn't want to sleep the day away. It's absolutely gorgeous this morning.\" Thinking of the scene outside her bedroom window made Lucille smile, which was soon interrupted by the light growl. She laughed. Apparently her stomach had other plans for the moment; daydreaming would have to wait. She walked to the icebox to make breakfast for Francœur and herself. She took out bread, butter, and some eggs, and then went to the stove and heated a pan. As she heated the pan, Lucille continued talking to Francœur. \"I slept so peacefully and woke up to the sun shinning through my window,\" she started to say. \"It's such a nice day out, I guess I got a little distracted.\" Francœur didn't seem to mind and continued feeding Odetta. Lucille chuckled, quickly making up two plates of poached eggs on toast before taking her seat at the table. Francœur chirped a 'thank you' as she set one plate in front of him. He didn't eat too much human food, but he did enjoy this odd little treat. He liked the running consistency of the eggs, and they tasted pretty good on the toasted bread. Lucille smiled in return before taking a bite of her own food. While they ate, Lucille pondered over what the three of them could do today. She thought about possibly visiting their friends, but it seemed everyone else had made plans for the day. Maude was visiting relatives from out of town, and then Emile and her were going out later that evening. She thought about calling Raoul but then remembered he had picked up some extra deliveries so he could pay for repairs on Catherine II. With everyone busy, Lucille had no idea what to do. All she knew was that they needed to enjoy this nice weather. Suddenly, she had an idea. \"You know, Francœur, I was just thinking… What do you think about the three of us going out for a walk today?\" Lucille asked. Francœur smiled and purred in delight. He loved going for walks, and it had been some time since they had done so. Lucille laughed, glad he liked her idea. \"With it being such a beautiful day we can take Odetta to the park,\" she suggested. \"There's a wide grass field and lots of trees. Oh, we could even make a picnic of it. And maybe later we could take a walk by the Seine. What do you think?\" Francœur nodded and Lucille clapped her hands. \"Wonderful!\" Odetta seemed to like the idea as well. She was bouncing in her high chair and reaching up her hands, giggling in delight. Both Lucille and Francœur laughed, and Lucille relieved the squirming girl from her seat. \"Yes, we're going to the park,\" Lucille said, smiling at her goddaughter. \"But first, we need to get you out of your jammies. Excuse us, Francœur.\" Francœur nodded, appreciating her letting him finish his breakfast. Lucille shifted Odetta to a hip hold as she cleared her plate from the table, and then made her way upstairs. Once in her room, Lucille set Odetta on her bed while she picked out something for each of them to wear. For Odetta, Lucille picked an adorable light pink sateen dress with little pink and blue flowers and green leaves speckled throughout the fabric. She slipped Odetta's arms through the cuff sleeves before snapping the back, and tied the sash into tie a bow. Then, Lucille went the dresser and retrieved white socks and slipped them onto Odetta's feet, followed by a pair of little white baby shoes. For herself, Lucille chose a delicate pale summer dress with a black shaped belt tied off at her waist, and a pair if matching shoes. Making sure her dress was just right — and after taking time to brush her hair and put on some light makeup — Lucille went back into her closet to search for her father's old picnic basket. She found it tucked away on the back shelf near some other memorabilia. She brought it out and then went back for the blanket that had been sitting under the basket. Lucille set it inside of the basket along with a few small toys for Odetta. She then picked it up with one hand, used the other to pick up Odetta, and walked back downstairs. Francœur was drying a dish when they walked in. While Lucille had been getting ready, Francœur had finished breakfast and slipped back into his room to change clothes before returning to the kitchen to clean up the dishes. He was now sporting a white collared shirt, a grayish blue vest, and a pair oxfords. Francœur set the dried dishes back in the cupboard and turned to greet his friends. He chirped his approval of their outfits. Lucille laughed. \"Why, merci monsieur .\" Setting Odetta back in her high chair and removing the blanket and toys, Lucille set to work putting together their lunch. Francœur thrummed and pointed to the basket, asking if he could be of any help. Lucille nodded and handed him the food to place inside. When it was filled, Lucille placed the blanket on top along with Odetta's toys, and closed the top. Francœur then grabbed the basket off the counter while Lucille retrieved Odetta from her high chair. They walked to the door and paused so Lucille could get a hat for Odetta and herself, and Francœur could grab his jacket, chapeau, gloves, and scarf. They walked out the door and Lucille hailed a cab. When they arrived, Francœur helped Lucille and Odetta out of the cab. After Lucille paid the fare, the three of them began to walk through the park. Francœur enjoyed coming here. The place was so open and the people always seemed very friendly. He really liked the elderly people who sat on the benches feeding the birds. Sometimes they would give him some seed and let him feed the birds too. He remembered the first time he tried it a bird landed on him and ate from his hands. Now, on a day like today, Francœur could really enjoy the park. The warm weather felt wonderful and the bright sunlight brought out all the beautiful colors. Though what he was enjoying most was spending time with Lucille and Odetta. He looked down to see Odetta getting excited as they walked, making him smile. As they went, Lucille noticed that several other people were also enjoying the sunny weather. Couples were strolling along the paths hand-in-hand, people were sitting at easels painting pictures, and there were some children chasing each other in the grass. Some children had made paper boats and were racing them in the fountain. Seeing the other children playing, Odetta began to bounce in Lucille's arms, prompting the young woman to set the girl down and quickly take a hold of her hand. Lucille chuckled as she kept a firm grip on Odetta. If she didn't, the little girl would take off on her own. She still had a hard time believing Odetta was walking already. The day Odetta had taken her first steps had been quite the event. One month ago … It was the middle of the afternoon, and Lucille and Francœur were both exhausted from rehearsals. Carlotta had them up since dawn working on a new piece for the night's performance. Looking over the piece her guitarist had finished, Carlotta thought her star duet's song needed a new choreography set. While Carlotta directed where Francœur was to turn, Lucille quickly glanced at the audience to check on her goddaughter. During their last break, she had given Odetta a bottle and set her in the front row so Lucille could watch her from the stage. Though, her plan was snagged as Carlotta continued directing Francœur to spin and dip Lucille, making it hard for her to keep her eyes on Odetta. The whole time Odetta had been watching from her blanket. She had gotten bored of her toys and was far more interested in watching her two favorite people move about on stage. She clapped and giggled, reaching her hands out for someone to pick her up. When no one seemed to notice, Odetta frowned. She made little whining noises to get the adults' attention, but they were drowned out by Carlotta's loud instruction blended with the duet's singing. Odetta pouted. Not one to be ignored, the little girl had it in her mind that if the grownups would not come to her, she would go to them. While Francœur and Lucille spun on the stage, Odetta picked herself up off her blanket and used a chair to stand up. She struggled at first, needing to gab ahold of the chair for support, but once she had her balance, Odetta smiled and slowly made her way toward the stage. Carlotta continued to instruct the pair, telling Francœur to dip Lucille for the final finish. From her upside-down position, Lucille looked out to the audience. Seeing an empty blanket, she panicked. She frantically scanned the room in fear that Odetta had wondered off. When she finally spotted the girl, Lucille nearly fell as she watched Odetta walking on her own. Francœur quickly caught her before she could fall, righting Lucille to her feet. He began chittering his concern. When she did not respond, continuing to gape out to the floor, Francœur looked up and gasped when he followed Lucille's gaze. He almost jumped off the stage to assist the girl, but one motion of Lucille's hand held him back. Not truly understanding why she stopped him, Francœur continued to watch Odetta walk towards them. \"Hey you two, we aren't finished yet,\" Carlotta stated, rather annoyed at the sudden interruption. Wondering why Lucille and Francœur had suddenly stopped rehearsing, the elder woman turned and squealed when she spotted Odetta take her last step to the front of the stage. \"Oh my goodness she's walking! Odetta is walking all by herself! Oh, drat it, where's Emile's with that camera when you need him?\" Carlotta huffed, muttering on about how capturing such a big moment. Meanwhile, Lucille leaned over and lifted Odetta up onto the stage. She spun her around while Francœur chirped in delight, clapping his hands. \"You did it, baby girl!\" Lucille cheered, laughing and kissing Odetta's cheek. \"You walked!\" Francœur and Carlotta offered up their own congratulations. Odetta only laughed, unsure why she was being praised, but loving finally getting some attention. Lucille chuckled at the memory. Ever since Odetta had taken her first step, she had made another discovery: running. Oh yes, the house had become a lot more hectic since Odetta had quickly found out how running was much more fun than walking, and much faster. Several times Lucille would flop down out on the couch just trying to keep up with the rambunctious rugrat. Francœur had it easier thanks to his longer legs, allowing him to keep up with Odetta. Though he did learn the hard way not to try to jump to catch Odetta. At least, not inside the house. The first (and last) time he tried that, Odetta was racing around playing her version of chase. She had run up the stairs and to catch her, Francœur had thought it be quicker to jump the stairs, which resulted in him banging his head into the ceiling. Lucille had to get him an ice pack and hire someone to fix the large dent in the ceiling. Bringing herself back to the present, Lucille looked around for a place to have their picnic. \"This looks like a good place to set up,\" Lucille suggested. The area she pointed out was under a shaded tree with a nice view of the fountain. Francœur nodded and set the basket down on the indicated spot. Next, he took out the blanket but struggled with the rather large piece of material. Lucille released Odetta to help Francœur unfold the blanket on the ground. Francœur purred his thanks and set the basket on one corner. He reached inside to find some of Odetta's toys Lucille had packed along with their lunch. Odetta clapped her hands when she spotted her teddy bear, and stumbled over to Francœur. He smiled before he picked her up and began teasing her playfully with the bear, making her squeal. Lucille laughed as she watched them. Sometimes she just couldn't believe how quickly Francœur had bonded with Odetta. When she first met him, Francœur had been so shy and timid. He was feared by anyone who saw him. Even she had been frightened, but after hearing him sing with his sweet voice, she realized he was such a gentle soul. His curiosity for the human world reminded her of a child, like the way he got excited over a simple hair comb and strumming the strings on the guitar. Then, when they performed on stage together, Lucille was amazed by his extraordinary musical talent. Now seeing him with Odetta, it was like his childlike nature had matured. Francœur was so caring and Odetta just adored him. She always made Lucille laugh as she followed the large flea around, making little chirping noises. Though Lucille did wish Odetta would try talking as much as she did mimicking Francœur's chirps and clicks. Struggling free, Odetta squirmed out of Francœur's arms, dropping to the ground. She picked herself up before turning to pull on Francœur's sleeve, pointing towards the fountain. \"Pay, pay!\" \"I think she wants you to go play,\" Lucille said when her friend seemed unsure what Odetta was referring to. She couldn't help chuckling at the sight of the tiny girl trying to pull on the giant flea's arm. Francœur looked to her, his expression and mild croon asking if she would be joining them. \"Go on, I'll sit and watch. Just keep your eye on her, and when you're hungry, I'll have lunch waiting for you.\" Francœur was about to try to persuade Lucille to join them, but Odetta pulled harder on his sleeve, indicating her growing impatience. Giving in, he got up and followed as the young girl wished. As they were walking towards the fountain, Francœur was constantly checking to make sure they were well within Lucille's sights. Once Odetta stopped walking, Francœur gestured with his hands—covering his eyes and opening them again—to suggest they play one of the Odetta's favorite games: hide-and-seek. Odetta clapped in excitement and did her imitation of Francœur's purr. Smiling, Francœur had Odetta cover her eyes and wait while he found a place to hide. Instead of counting, Odetta made a few jumbled babbling sounds. When she got high enough, she uncovered her eyes and looked around. She saw Lucille laughing and waving at her, and there were other people walking nearby. But where was Francœur? Not seeing her giant friend, Odetta began walking around the fountain. She searched all around but Francœur was nowhere in sight. Odetta started to pout, about ready to give up, until the little girl noticed a particularly large shoe sticking out from behind a tree. Odetta squealed and ran to the other side. She poked her head around to see Francœur's back was facing her. He was completely unaware of her presence. Very quietly, Odetta slowly began to creep up until she stood right behind him. \"BOO!\" she shouted. Francœur shrieked, jumping about five feet in the air. Luckily, there were no branches for him to hit his head on, though his chapeau fell off. Picking it up off the ground, Francœur turned to see Odetta laughing at her ability to surprise him. Francœur chuckled but then smirked, scooping the tiny girl into his arms. Suddenly, she was being spun around and around, her tiny legs dangling as she was twirled about. Francœur chirped at the sound of her infectious laughter. He spun Odetta around a few more times before setting her back on her feet. Odetta continued to laugh as the dizziness caused her to drop to the ground. When her world stopped spinning, she got back up and then pulled on Francœur's hands, indicating it was his turn to be the seeker. Francœur smiled and covered his eyes, counting in his own way. When he stopped, he opened his eyes and began looking around for Odetta. Unlike Francœur, who had a harder time finding a place to hide because of his large size, Odetta had many hiding places her tiny body could crawl into. Even though Lucille had told Odetta not to get too far away from either her or Francœur, the young girl had a tendency to wonder away, making finding her all the more difficult. Not catching any sight of her, Francœur began to walk around. He kept his eyes low to the ground. He searched in the bushes, behind large rocks, and even behind a few trees. After searching around the fountain a few times, Francœur began to panic. He couldn't find his tiny charge anywhere. He called out to her in a high trill, a sound Odetta would normally come running to, but Francœur was only met by the sounds of the others in the park. Not knowing what else he could do, Francœur made his way back to Lucille. His mind could not stop thinking of Odetta. What if she wondered out of the park? Lucille had warned him that anyone could easily walk off with her if Odetta was not constantly watched. He would be devastated should anything happen to the little girl, but that would be nothing compared to how Lucille would react. Odetta was her whole world. If anything ever happened to her, Lucille would… No! He wouldn't let himself think like that. As he got closer to the picnic area, Francœur heard the sound of Lucille laughing. When he was about three feet away, Francœur smiled as his eyes rested on Raoul, who—much to Francœur's delight and relief—was tossing a giggling Odetta into the air and catching her. Letting out a small sigh, Francœur joined his friends. Lucille startled when Francœur suddenly sat down beside her, but she smiled up at him. \"Francœur, look who decided to join us.\" \"Hey Big Guy,\" Raoul greeted as he set Odetta back on her feet. \"I was taking a break when I bumped into the kid here.\" He looked at Odetta, watching as she laughed and ran over to Francœur, perching herself comfortably in his lap. \"Little scamp was hiding behind some bushes,\" Raoul continued to explain. \"When I didn't see you or Lucille around, I thought she'd gotten separated from you. So I picked her up and was heading to the apartment when I found Lucille and a picnic.\" Francœur was relieved. He had thought he had lost Odetta but Raoul had been thinking the same, and returned her to Lucille. He chirped his thanks. \"Well, since you're here, would you like to join us, Raoul?\" Lucille offered. \"Love to sweetheart, but can't. Now that I have Catherine II, I got more customers. Gotta pay for her new engine but maybe next time.\" Raoul then kissed Lucille's lips, ruffled Odetta's hair and then waved to Francœur. \"See ya, squirt. Later Big Guy.\" Francœur chirped and Odetta waved her hand. \"Bye bye,\" she called as Raoul returned to his delivery car. Later on the three of them had their lunch and spent about a half hour talking, and watching Odetta play with the other children in the park. When the sun started to set, Lucille thought the three of them might go for a walk before heading back home. She packed up their things, and went to round up Francœur and Odetta from the other children. Francœur had been coaxed into a game of \"horsy.\" All the children were taking turns riding on Francœur as he crawled around on all fours, clicking and doing his best attempts at a horse-like sound. At the moment, Francœur was carrying Odetta and two other children. Hating to spoil their fun, Lucille said it was time to go. She picked Odetta up off Francœur's back while the older children slid off. The group said their thanks for the ride before running back to their parents. Francœur stood, needing to stretch his back. Afterwards he picked up his discarded hat and coat before he joined his female companions in a stroll. They walked along the riverside, Odetta walking between them. Lucille had offered to walk closest to the river, knowing Francœur's apprehension to water. Odetta laughed as Lucille began swinging her arm, making the girl's godmother smile at the child's joy. As the sky began to dust with deep gold and a warm orange coloring, the three turned around to head back towards the park. They were just passing the fountain when a group of tourists approached them. A few had visited the L'Oiseau Rare before and had tried to take their friends to a show, but they had been disappointed to find that the cabaret was closed. Seeing the star performers, the group rushed over to greet the duet. Francœur and Lucille was a little surprised, but put on pleasant faces as the fans swarmed them with questions and praise. One of the tourists asked if the Lucille and Francœur might be willing to sing one song for them. Francœur was happy for the opportunity to sing, however, Lucille was slightly inconvenienced. It was getting late and she really needed to get Odetta home before it got dark. \"I am so sorry,\" Lucille apologized, \"but we cannot. I would love to but it is getting late, and I must get my goddaughter home to bed. But you can see us tomorrow night at the L'Oiseau Rare.\" \"Oh please,\" one tourist pleaded, draping his arm over the shoulders of the woman beside him. \"It's our anniversary, and my wife's been dying to see your performance.\" \"Now Edgar,\" said the woman to his right, \"let them be. I wouldn't have our son out this late.\" \"I was quite eager as well,\" another man piped in. \"Tonight is my last night in the city, and I was told you cannot leave Paris without hearing at least one of your songs.\" Now Lucille was feeling slightly guilty. She didn't want to disappoint her fans, but she also had to think about what was best for Odetta. She looked down at her goddaughter. The young girl seemed unbothered by all the attention, still bustling with energy from the day. Lucille knew getting Odetta to bed would be a difficult task. Perhaps letting her stay up a little longer might burn out some of that energy. And Odetta did tend to fall asleep whenever Lucille or Francœur sang. Well… she thought, perhaps one song wouldn't hurt. Lucille looked up at Francœur. \"What do you think?\" she asked. Francœur gave a quick chirp, eager to sing. But there was one problem. He did not have his guitar, or a piano with which to play. He looked a bit puzzled. Turning his eyes back to Lucille, he began to gesture with his hands that they had no music to sing to. Spotting this, another of the tourists, a man who happened to have a guitar, held up the instrument. \"M onsieur Francœur can borrow my guitar if you'd like.\" \"Oh, thank you,\" Lucille thanked, taking the guitar. She handed it to Francœur before pulling aside to sit Odetta by the fountain. \"Odetta, you sit here. Francœur and I are going to sing. Would you like that?\" \"Yay!\" Odetta cheered, clapping her hands. Smiling, Lucille backed to where she could keep an eye on Odetta while she and Francœur performed. Taking her place, she waited for her cue from Francœur. Since they were near the river, Francœur tuned the instrument and then began strumming the tune for \"La Seine\" on the guitar. Catching the beat, Lucille began to sing. The tourists cheered as the duet matched each other for every note. Francœur masterly played the melody as Lucille's angelic voice carried the lyrics to match his tempo. The crowd was further enthralled as Francœur matched his own harmonious voice blended perfectly with his partner. The mood of the song enraptured them all, and soon the tourists were swept up, beginning to dance along. The song eventually attracted the other patrons of the park, and soon the duet was surround by a crowd. When the song ended, Lucille and Francœur bowed as the applause roared, people cheering, clapping, and even whistling at the unexpected performance. Though an encore was asked for, Lucille declined, but thanked everyone for the opportunity to sing. Francœur chirped his gratitude as well, handing the borrowed guitar back to its owner. As the crowd dispersed, Lucille took a breath as the energy from their performance was lulled down. \"Well, that was unexpected,\" she sighed, looking up at her friend. \"I think that's enough excitement for one day, don't you?\" With a nod and a small purr, Francœur agreed. He was always happy to sing and play music for people, but it had been a long day, and now he wanted to go home. Seeing Lucille was ready as well, all they needed now was Odetta and then they could go home. Francœur looked over at the fountain for his little friend, but his golden eyes went wide when he saw that the fountain was empty. An alarmed shriek sprang from his lips. At the frightening sound, Lucille looked up. She was about to ask what was wrong when Francœur bolted toward the fountain. That was when she saw Odetta was missing. Panic filled her heart as she rushed to join Francœur. During the song, Lucille had lost sight of Odetta in the crowd. She had almost stopped when she remembered Francœur's tall height allowed him to see over the people. She had relied on him to keep an eye out. Apparently, the girl had slipped from both their sights. \"Odetta! Odetta, where are you?\" Lucille called, frantic to find her goddaughter. She looked around the area, but there was no sign of the girl anywhere. Odetta was such a small child. What if someone had come along and snatched her away? Fear gripped at her heart. She had to find her. Before Lucille could allow her fear to completely consume her, a loud chirp called her attention. Turning around, Lucille spotted Francœur on the other side of the fountain. He pointed to a spot with one gloved finger. Puzzled, Lucille walked around to the other side of the fountain. There, sitting under the water, Odetta happily splashed about as the water soaked her clothes, making them cling to her body. Relief swept over her as Lucille reached into the fountain, pulling Odetta from the water. She fervently kissed Odetta's face as her worry for the child's safety subsided at having her back in her arms. \"Odetta, you naughty girl, don't scare me like that,\" Lucille scolded, though her voice held comfort rather than reprimand. \"You know better than to wander off.\" Odetta bowed her head and then looked up with sad eyes. She knew she was in trouble. It was then she let out a small sneeze, rubbing her nose with the back of her hand. \"Oh dear,\" Lucille whispered, rubbing her hands over Odetta's arms. \"You're completely soaked. We need to get you home before you catch a cold.\" An evening breeze began to blow, making Odetta shiver as the cool air chilled her wet clothes. Catching it, Francœur quickly removed his jacket and placed the large garment around Lucille and Odetta. \" Merci Francœur,\" Lucille thanked, wrapping the jacket tighter. It was large enough to cover them both. She only hoped it would keep them warm enough until they arrived back at the apartment. With a nod to confirm they were fine, Francœur then scooped up their picnic basket and placed his hand on Lucille's back as he led them toward the road. Mimicking what he had seen Lucille do, Francœur managed to hail a cab. He quickly got the girls inside before sitting himself next the them. After giving the cabbie the address, Lucille sat back and continued rubbing Odetta's arms, trying to keep her warm. Wanting to help as well, Francœur hesitantly placed his arms around Lucille. He moved his hands up and down over where his jacket covered Odetta. At first she had been surprised by his actions, but Lucille was thankful for it. With both her and Francœur working together they would be able to keep Odetta a little warmer. Finally they arrived back at the apartment. Stepping out of the cab, Lucille slipped Francœur's jacket from her shoulders and wrapped it around Odetta before she passed her over to Francœur. She then gave him her key with instructions to take Odetta inside, and get her into a warm bath while she paid the cab fair. Francœur did as was told and bounded into the apartment. Once the cabbie was paid, Lucille picked up the picnic basket and hurried inside. The night air had gotten cooler, and with her dressed soaked from holding Odetta, Lucille was feeling the nightly chill herself. Closing the door behind her, Lucille quickly deposited the basket in the kitchen. She could clear that later. Now she needed to check on Odetta. She headed upstairs to the bathroom to find Francœur huddled over the tub. In his haste, he only had time to start the bath and settle Odetta into the heated water. She was still shivering, but now she was starting to warm up. Seeing she was in good hands, Lucille slipped into her bedroom. She changed out of her clothes, hanging her dress up by the window to dry, and into one of her warmer nightgowns. Then she gathered up a towel and nightgown for Odetta, and proceeded back to the bathroom. Francœur was just rising her when Lucille stepped in. She held out the towel as Francœur lifted Odetta from the tub, placing her into Lucille's waiting arms. Lucille dried and dressed her while Francœur drained the tub and cleaned up the bathroom. Once their tasks were finished, everyone went to Lucille's room. The excitement from the day and the warm bath had finally worn out Odetta's near boundless energy. She was already asleep as Lucille slipped the girl into her bed. Lucille kissed her forehead before turning to walk Francœur out of the bedroom. In the hall, Lucille let a soft sigh escape her lips. \"Certainly not how I planned our day,\" she admitted, leaning up against the wall. \"I think that's all the excitement I can handle. I do hope you enjoyed yourself, Francœur.\" Francœur made a pleasant humming sound, smiling in the adorable manner that made the large flea seem almost child-like. It was infectious. \"I'm glad,\" Lucille chuckled. \"Honestly, I can't thank you enough. You are a true wonder.\" Francœur cocked his head, puzzled by her confession. \"What I mean is, I don't know what I would have done if I didn't have you here to help me,\" she confessed. \"I know Odetta can be a handful. Look at today. She's like a cat, here one moment and gone the next.\" Lucille leaned closer against the wall, becoming relaxed as she let her mind wonder though her memories. \"My life has changed so much since the two of you came along. I certainly never expected to be raising a child on my own, let alone my goddaughter. I think that's part of why I wanted to raise her. After my parents passed, I felt like an orphan myself. I had Carlotta but I wanted a family. My family. Whenever I look at Odetta, I can still see Jolie and Darell, but at the same time, when I look into those hazel eyes, I feel like she's mine. I love her like my own daughter.\" Her usual bright green eyes became distant, a hint of sadness lingering just near the surface. \"I could never have raised her on my own. Carlotta would help, but without someone else around, I don't know how I could manage. But, with you here, I feel like I have a family again.\" Lucille reached up and placed a hand on Francœur's shoulder. \"I guess what I am trying to say is, thank you Francœur. For everything.\" Then, standing on tiptoe, Lucille leaned up and kissed his cheek. Francœur chirped, startled by the sudden action. He continued to stare wide-eyed as Lucille returned to her stance in front of him. She smiled up at him with a warm smile that reached her eyes. He noticed how the deep green orbs seemed to sparkle as she looked at him. \"Well, goodnight Francœur.\" With that, Lucille disappeared behind her bedroom door. Francœur remained in front of the door for some time. His mind was still going over moments ago. Lucille had kissed him. It wasn't like she hadn't kissed him before. During one of their songs he would removed his hat so Lucille could kiss his cheek. But that was part of the routine to their performance. And at the time Francœur would be wearing his mask. But she had kissed his cheek. He had felt her lips on his face, so soft and warm. He reached up and touched the spot with a gloved hand as he thought over what she had said. He and Odetta were her family. They lived together, ate meals together; they spent time with their friends and time when it was just the three of them. Before, he had been alone but that was how it was for the life of a flea. Human ways were so new and strange, but of all the things he had learned from his time among them, Francœur never felt as happy as he was with his friends. And Lucille. She had given him so much and offered her friendship. He was always happiest being in her company. When she was happy, he was happy, and with Odetta every day brought new joys to discover. Lucille was right, they were like a family. Family… Yes, he liked that.[Chapter 4] AN: And I did it again. Sorry it took me so long to update. Not going to bore you with any excuses this time. So… Who hear got the flu shot? You know, that thing your mom insists on because she doesn't want you getting sick when you go back to school? So you have a needle stabbed in your arm, and then it gets sore for a couple hours, but hey! you're protected from getting sick. Until you end up getting sick because there's that bug going around. Well, that got me thinking: how would Francœur react if he heard that expression? And thus the bunnies attacked! Disclaimer: The song used is \" La Lune Brille Pour Toi \" by Vanessa Paradis. Translated, it means, \"The Moon Shines for You.\" \"A-A…Ah-CHOO!\" \"Oh dear,\" Carlotta uttered, pulling the thermometer from Lucille's mouth. Her poor niece looked awful. Lucille complained both her head and body ached, she was congested, and her eyes looked so tired and red. Looking back at the thermometer, Carlotta gasped. Lucille's temperature was one hundred degrees Fahrenheit. \"Well, that settles it,\" she stated, \"I'll have to cancel tonight's show.\" \"But…\" \"No buts, Honeybee, you're just too sick.\" She patted Lucille's head as the young cabaret star settled back down in bed. Lucille looked up to the ceiling. Her head pounded as if someone were beating a drum in her temple. Her throat was dry and scratchy. She tried to take a sip from the glass by her bedside, but drinking the cool water felt like swallowing burning sand, further irritating her throat. Carlotta took the glass, helped her niece sit up and patted Lucille's back until she stopped coughing. \"I'll make you some tea with honey for your throat,\" Carlotta said before she left the room. \"This is terrible…\" Lucille moaned, rubbing the side of her head. Though Carlotta had piled a mountain of blankets on her, Lucille still shivered. From the doorway, Carlotta sighed as she watched her niece try to settle into bed. She quietly shut the door so not to disturb her rest. She turned to make her way to the kitchen when a coughing spell disrupted her. Startled, Carlotta cracked the door open again to check on Lucille. The sound was coming from Lucille, but she was looking toward her aunt and pointed toward the window. Trying to see what Lucille was pointing at, Carlotta gasped as her eyes fell on the up, wide-eyed and looking about, Odetta was reaching her hand out for her guardian. Then she coughed. Panicked, Carlotta bustled into the room as fast as she could and retrieved Odetta from the crib. She then pressed the back of her hand to Odetta's forehead. \"Is she alright?\" Lucille asked as her coughing subsided. \"She's a little warm but I'm sure she'll be fine, sweetie,\" Carlotta insisted. \"I'll take Odetta with me so you can get some sleep. Can't have this little darling keeping you up.\" With a brief nod, Lucille settled back into bed. She smiled and tried to rest as Carlotta took Odetta out of the bedroom. Once she was sure her niece was asleep, Carlotta shut the door and let out a sigh. The little fib had fooled her. In the back of her mind, Carlotta was in a total panic. She did not want to upset her niece but Odetta looked pale. Worried the poor baby had caught Lucille's cold, Carlotta raced to the the bathroom. She grabbed the other thermometer from the medicine cabinet, and quickly checked Odetta's temperature. It wasn't as high as Lucille's, but she was unsure what to do about a sick baby. Cradling Odetta against her shoulder, Carlotta headed downstairs. She rushed to the phone and dialed the doctor. When he answered, she explained the situation. Luckily, the physician said he could come look at both patients, but to make sure Lucille and Odetta were separated. Thanking the doctor, Carlotta hung up the phone. She was trying to figure out what to do about Odetta when Francœur came downstairs. He had heard the bustling about and wanted to see if he could be of any assistance. Seeing Odetta coughing, he rushed to Carlotta's side, crooning his concerns as to what was bothering his little friend. \"Sorry Francœur,\" Carlotta apologized, though it wasn't necessary. \"I'm afraid Lucille has come down with a cold and it looks like this poor bug-a-boo caught it too.\" A click and a quick tilt of his blue head indicated to Carlotta that the large flea had no knowledge of what it meant to be sick. Then again, she doubted fleas ever got sick. Carlotta turned back to Francœur, steadying Odetta on her shoulder. \"What I mean is that Odetta and Lucile are not feeling well,\" she explained, \"but the doctor is on his way over to see whether this is anything serious.\" Francœur nodded in understanding, though he was more knowledgeable than Carlotta gave him credit for. Lucille had already told him about being sick during Maude's recent bought of illness. Beside that, one look at Odetta coughing was enough for him to know something was wrong. Carlotta continued to rock Odetta in her arms. \"Oh, I just thought of something,\" she said, turning around. \"Francœur, would you be a dear and take Odetta's crib out of Lucille's room? The doctor wants them apart in case Lucille has the flu. We know she's contagious, so we don't want Odetta getting sick.\" Another chirp and Francœur turned make his way into Lucille's room. Looking in, Francœur noticed Lucille was lying on the her bed with both hands pressed to her head in an attempt to massage away a rather painful ache. Francœur let slip a worried chirp. Hearing him, Lucille turned toward the door. She smiled when she saw her large friend, albeit it was rather weak. \"Hello Francœur. I guess you heard, huh?\" Francœur gave a soft purr and walked to her bedside. He took her hand in his, concern filling his eyes. \"Oh, please don't worry,\" Lucille tried to assure him. \"I'm just a little under the weather today. I'll be fine after some rest. I only wish we didn't have to cancel the show tonight.\" Francœur gasped. This was the first he had heard of it. \"I just feel awful. I hate to disappoint all those people, but I just don't think I'll be able to sing tonight. It hurts just to talk.\" Hearing that, Francœur shook his head. When she looked at him quizzically he covered his mouth to indicate that she shouldn't talk. Lucille smiled, unable to prevent a small laugh despite how it irritated her throat. She gently placed her free hand over his. \"Alright, I'll rest my voice,\" she whispered softly. She squeezed his fingers and met him with a warm gaze. \"After all, the sooner I get well again, the sooner we can sing. How does that sound?\" Francœur chirped happily. He then noticed how tired she looked. He removed his hand and gently eased Lucille back against the pillows, pulling the covers up to her chin. \"Thank you…\" Lucille whispered before she falling asleep. Francœur smiled as he made his way from the bedroom. Suddenly he stopped, remembering why he was there in the first place. He turned around and walked back to retrieve Odetta's crib. XXX Carlotta sat on the couch reading with Odetta in her lap. Francœur was at the piano trying to work on the new song Lucille had come up with. She was having trouble with the bridge and had asked him for help. He hoped to show her the ideas he had when she was feeling better. Ring! \"Francœur, could you be a dear and get the door, please?\" With a quiet chirp, Francœur did as asked. He stopped at the door, retrieving a jacket, hat, and a pair of gloves. Despite his fame at the L'Oiseau Rare, Francœur preferred to appear more human when meeting new people. He found it to be less of a shock. When he opened the door, Francœur looked curiously at the stranger. He was an elderly man who reminded Francœur of the Professor. Only this man carried a strange black bag instead of a briefcase. \"Good day, sir. My name is Dr. Marcel Travis,\" the man said. \"Madame Carlotta asked for me to come check on her niece. May I come in?\" Francœur nodded his head and stepped aside, gesturing for the man to enter. When he did, Francœur offered to take the man's hat and coat. \"Thank you. Now, where is the patient?\" he asked. Francœur titled his head. He was not sure how to answer. Luckily, Carlotta came in with Odetta on her hip. \"Oh, thank you for coming on such short notice, Dr. Travis,\" she said. \"Lucile is just miserable. I took Odetta out like you said, but the little sweetie still feels warm and now her nose is dripping.\" \"Hmm… She does look slightly pale,\" he commented. \"You said she is about nine months, correct?\" \"Yes… Oh, no. She just turned eleven months two days ago,\" Carlotta corrected. \"She'll be a year this August.\" \"Well,\" Dr. Travis replied, turning back to Odetta, \"she doesn't seem to be ill, but best to catch these things early on. And I'd say she's past due for a physical. I'll have a look at her before I check on Lucile.\" Carlotta nodded before showing the doctor to the living room, Francœur following behind them. His curiosity piqued watching Dr. Travis examine Odetta. He took the baby out of her jammies and laid her on the couch. He then took some strange items out of his black bag. Francœur had never seen such devices before. Two long strings that connected to a metal circle was placed on Odetta's chest while the opposite ends were placed in Dr. Travis's ears. When he removed them, he looked at Odetta's eyes, ears and mouth, noting she had six teeth. He also examined her head and reflexes. Dr. Travis then pressed on Odetta's tummy, stating he found no signs of hernias or enlarged organs. The action only made Odetta laugh as the girl was very ticklish. The exam finished with checking for infection and ensuring nothing was wrong with Odetta's joints. When he was done, Dr. Travis redressed Odetta and handed her back to Carlotta. \"So, how is she? Is our little angel sick?\" Carlotta asked, her worrying eyes never leaving Odetta. \"Oh, I can't remember the last time I had to care for a sick infant.\" \"Madame, there's nothing to worry about. Odetta is perfectly fine.\" Dr. Travis chuckled. \"She does appear to have mild cold. Some rest and plenty of fluids should perk this little lady right back up.\" \"Thank heavens! I don't know what I'd do if Odetta had something serious.\" \"Completely understandable. A child's first cold is rather frightening for some parents, but when caught early, it can be easily cared for. She'll need to have the mucus suctioned from her nose often. You can also elevate the head of her crib so it doesn't drain into her mouth and lungs while she sleeps.\" \"The crib should be no problem, but I don't think Lucille has anything to help with her nose.\" \"No worries. I have some saline drops and a suction.\" Dr. Travis reached into his bag and handed Carlotta the items. \"You can also turn on the hot bath and sit with Odetta in the steam to help clear congestion. About five minutes should be enough,\" he explained. \"Well, that's good to hear,\" Carlota sighed. \"I'm glad our little sweetheart will be alright, but what about my Lucille?\" \"I'll have a look at her now.\" Dr. Travis cleaned up his tools and waited to be shown to the next patient. Carlotta handed off Odetta to Francœur while she lead Dr. Travis upstairs. It wasn't long before they returned, Carlotta looking a little more relieved. Francœur listened as they spoke. \"And you sure it's not too serious?\" Carlotta asked. \"Hardly but it's definitely a cold,\" Dr. Travis said. \"She'll be fatigued for a few days, but nothing some hot broth won't cure. Plenty of bed rest and fluids should perk her right back up as well.\" \"I should've made Lucille take better care of herself. I heard there was a nasty bug going around, but I didn't expect her to get sick,\" Carlotta fretted. Francœur paused. The statement Carlotta made was unfamiliar to him. How could a bug make a person sick? Sure, he recalled when he was small he made creatures itch after obtaining his meal. Charles was a frequent reminder of that. He also remembered other insects who made humans itch: mosquitos, bed bugs, chiggers, and mites. Fire ants caused itchiness too, though their bite was more painful than itchy. Had some other kind of bug made Lucille and Odetta sick? Carlotta moaned. \"I just don't understand. Lucille was fine yesterday, and now she's practically dead on her feet.\" \"More than likely she caught it early on and did not experience any symptoms until later,\" Dr. Travis stated. \"From what I gathered from her, she felt some fatigue and chills, but passed it off as nothing but being overworked.\" \"You know, the other day she and Francœur took Odetta out for a stroll, and the little darling got into the fountain. She was soaked, and Lucille got rather damp taking her out.\" Francœur nodded, confirming her statement. Not even his jacket was enough to keep Lucille and Odetta warm during the cab ride home.. \"That may be the case. Changes in weather and temperature can attribute, but nothing is ever certain when it comes to colds. However, due to the circumstances, I would ask that you keep your niece and her child separated for now. Odetta may only have a mild cold, but Lucille is highly contagious.\" \"Oh dear!\" \"Now Madame, as I said, there's nothing to fret about. Simply make sure both patients receive proper care and you shouldn't have any trouble.\" Dr. Travis smiled stroked his chin in thought. \"Now then, I'll show you how to apply the saline drops for Odetta.\" Dr. Travis entered the living room and took Odetta from Francœur. He walked over and sat on the couch, gathering the materials while waiting for Carlotta and Francœur to join him. He demonstrated how to lay Odetta, as if they were feeding her a bottle. Then they were to instill a few drops in the nasal passage, wait a few moments, and then use the syringe to suck it out. He explained that even if they used a too many drops, it would not harm her. However, Odetta was none too happy. She didn't care to have something cold and wet inserted into her already achy nose. She showed further protest when Dr. Travis then used the suction to remove the mucus. Francœur wanted to intervene but Carlotta stopped him, reminding the flea it was helping Odetta. Once he was finished, Dr. Travis sat Odetta up on his knee and used a tissue to clean the suction. \"There now, not so bad, eh dearie?\" He chuckled. \"A simple technique, but as you saw, not all children are fond of having something shoved up their nose unless done so by themselves.\" \"Oh, poor sweetie,\" Carlotta cooed, \"but if you say it will help…\" \"It will. Odetta should be fine in a few days, but I want Lucille on bed rest for at least a week.\" \"Oh dear, she's not going to like that,\" Carlota said. \"And I'm not sure how it will effect L'Oiseau Rare. Lucille is the star. I suppose I could find a replacement, but it'll be difficult on such short notice, and then of course I don't know how I'll be able to run the cabaret if I'm looking after Lucille and Odetta.\" \"Well, do you have any family or friends who could run the cabaret, or look in on Lucille for you?\" Dr. Travis asked. \"Lucille and I are all we got, but I suppose I could see if I could hire someone to cover the office work in my absence.\" \"As to help around the house, you already have an extra pair of hands to help you.\" He gestured to Francœur. \"You'll be of help, won't you, lad?\" Francœur nodded vigorously. \"Oh, Francœur is a wonder with Odetta. He's babysat her many times, but I'm planning to stay the night now that we have two patients. Not to mention he's another one of my shinning stars and has covered for Lucille's absence before. Between the two of us, everything should be fine.\" \"Well, it seems you have everything handled then,\" Dr. Travis said. He gathered his hat and coat from Francœur. \"Again, if you should have any questions, or if there's any change in Lucille or Odetta, just give me a call.\" \"Oh, we will.\" Carlotta thanked him again. Then she and Francœur bid the doctor goodbye and settled back into the living room. \"Well, now that we have that taken care of, we better get everything settled,\" Carlotta said. \"First things first. If you don't mind, could you watch Odetta while I make some hot broth for Lucille?\" Francœur nodded and took Odetta. While Carlotta was busy in the kitchen, Francœur sat back down at the piano, Odetta settled on his lap. He was trying to work on the music, finding it a little trickier than usual. \" Achoo! \" Francœur looked down. Odetta had a watery secretion coming from her nose. Odetta rubber her hands over her nose, spreading the slime everywhere. Francœur got up and retrieved a tissue. He struggled to clean her. Odetta never liked having her face touched. Francœur finally had her cleaned, only for Odetta to sneeze again, producing more slime. He reached for more tissues. \"This should just about do it. A nice hot meal is the best thing for a cold.\" Carlotta looked over the tray one last time. There was a bowl of chicken soup, a few salted crackers, and some hot tea with honey. Everything needed to cure a cold. She picked up the tray and headed for Lucille's bedroom. \"Francœur, dear, I'm just going to bring this up to Lucille, and– Oh my!\" Carlotta looked around at the now tissue-covered floor. \"What happened in here?\" she asked. Francœur looked up apologetically and held Odetta up with one arm. Mucus was smeared all over her face and bit of tissue stuck to her cheek. \"Goodness! We'll need more tissues at this rate. I can't even imagine what Lucille is going through, the poor dear.\" Francœur chirped. He had forgotten that the doctor had said Lucille was fairing worse. Odetta was sneezing and coughed a little bit. What was Lucille going through? \"Here dear, give her to me,\" Carlotta said, setting the tray down. \"I'll try clearing her nose while you take Lucille something to eat.\" Francœur nodded, eager to be relieved. It was difficult trying to get Odetta's nose clean when she squirmed about. Besides, he wanted to see how Lucille was doing. He passed Odetta to Carlotta and grabbed the tray. He walked up to the bedroom and knocked on the door. It took a moment but he finally heard Lucille's soft voice from the other side. \"Come in…\" Francœur entered, chirring as he brought in the tray of food. His smile fell when he saw Lucille. There were dark circles under her eyes, and her hair hung loosely around her. Her usually rosy skin was pale, while her nose was bright red. Francœur set the tray down on the nightstand and helped Lucille to sit up. When she was comfortable he kneeled down at her bedside, taking Lucille's hand in his, purring his concern. Lucille gave him a small smile and patted his hand. \"Oh, don't worry, Francœur,\" Lucille said. Her voice sounded off due to the congestion. \"I'm just tired. I'll be better by the week's end.\" Francœur chittered as she began to cough. He hoped the days would pass quickly. He didn't like seeing his dear friend like this. He also didn't want Odetta to get this sick. She was already sneezing and coughing, but Lucille looked much worse. He just didn't understand. How could his friends have gotten like this? They had been happy and healthy just days ago. Then he thought back to something Carlota had said. I heard there was a nasty bug going around… Could a bug really make something this sick. What if… What if he was the one who made them sick? \"Francœur, is something wrong?\" Lucille asked. Francœur didn't say anything. He withdrew from Lucille and began wringing his hands together. He didn't know how to tell Lucille what was bothering him. Lucille started to worry. Francœur didn't usually act like this around her. \"Please, Francœur, tell me what's wrong?\" Francœur sighed. He couldn't deny Lucille anything. He thought about how he could communicate his dilemma to her. He started by pointing to Lucille. \"Does this have something to do with me?\" He nodded. Then he walked to the other side of the room. Looking around, Francœur found a toy that had fallen out of Odetta's crib. He handed it to Lucille. Lucille stared between Francœur and the object in her hand. It was a cloth doll Carlotta had given to Odetta after the adoption had been finalized. \"I don't understand,\" she replied. Feeling helpless. \"You want me to play with the doll?\" Francœur shook his head. He took the doll again, this time turning it to hold in his arms like a baby. He rocked it, then pointed to the doll and back again to Lucille. What does he mean? she thought. Doll? Baby? What does Odetta's doll have to… Lucille's eyes widened. \"Odetta? Does this have to do with Odetta?\" she asked. Francœur nodded. He set the doll aside and pointed back to Lucille. \"Okay… So you're worried about something, and it involves Odetta and myself. Am I right?\" He nodded again. \"What about us is troubling you?\" Francœur paused for a moment. This next part was going to be tricky for him. He thought for a moment how best he could explain. He considered pointing again, but that seemed to have only succeeded in confusing Lucille. She understood more when he acted the parts. Meanwhile, Lucille was struck with another coughed fit. Her throat felt worse and the congestion on top of it was not helping. She reached for a tissue and blew her nose. Seeing that gave Francœur an idea. He waited until he had Lucille's attention before grabbing one of her tissues. Francœur then imitated blowing his nose and tried coughing. The sound came out breathy with a mix of purs. Lucille started to get it. \"Are you worried you will catch this cold?\" she asked. \"Don't worry, Francœur. I don't think fleas can catch human colds.\" Francœur shook his head. This wasn't working. Lucille just didn't understand him. He wished he could just talk with her like their other friends, but when he opened his mouth to speak, it came out in chirps or clicks. It was frustrating. \"Why don't you try writing it down?\" Lucille suggested. Francœur felt so foolish. He forgot he could just write to Lucille. He knew how to write music notes and lyrics, and before Odetta became part of their family, Lucille had been helping him write. Teaching him not only gave Lucille practice for when Odetta was older, but it helped Francœur communicate with everyone. He quickly rushed to her desk and pulled out a pen and paper. He scribbled down a few words before handing the paper to Lucille. Lucille smiled when he gave her the note. She was grateful and read, despite her head feeling like it was stuffed with cotton. I feel worried is because I think I might be the reason you and Odetta do not feel well. Lucille gasped, making her cough. She could not be reading this correctly. Rubbing her eyes, she reread the note. \"Francœur, where did you get the idea you made us sick?\" she asked. Francœur took back the paper and scribbled another note. He explained how he had overheard Carlotta and the Doctor speaking, and Carlotta's mentioning of a bug making people sick. Reading this, Lucille gave him a sympathetic smile. \"Oh Francœur, I'm so sorry,\" Lucille said. \"First of all, you did not make Odetta and I sick. More likely we caught it after Odetta got into the fountain that day we went to the park. Being damp in cold weather sometimes makes people sick.\" Francœur sighed in relief. He was grateful not to be the cause of his friends illness. But then he wondered, what did Carlotta mean by a \"bug\" making everyone sick? \"Is there something else?\" Lucille asked, seeing he still looked troubled. Francœur pointed to the statement Carlotta has made. \"This? Oh, that's just an expression. Sometimes people use words or phrases like that that can have a figurative, or sometimes a literal, meaning. When Carlotta said 'there's a bug going around,' she didn't mean an actual bug. She meant people were getting sick and that it was contagious, that it was spreading.\" Francœur chirred. He didn't quite understand why such a phrase would be used; it seemed simpler to just say what you mean. Nevertheless, Francœur was glad to learn he was not the cause of Lucille and Odetta's illness. They were going to be fine. Relieved, Francœur retrieved the tray of food from the nightstand and place in on Lucille's lap. \"Oh, thank you,\" Lucille said. \"That's very sweet of you to bring me lunch, but I'm not hungry right now.\" Francœur paused. Normally, he would respect her wishes, but Carlotta had said food would make Lucille feel better. If she didn't eat, she would stay sick. Francœur tried to persuade her. He picked up the spoon and dipped it in the bowl. He then held it out to Lucille. Lucille laughed, coughing as she did. \"Really Francœur, I couldn't,\" she insisted. She took the spoon and poured the broth back into the bowl before setting the spoon down. \"Perhaps a little later.\" But Francœur was not giving up. He knew how stubborn she could be about these things. He picked up the spoon and dropped it into the bowl again. This time he held it to Lucille's mouth as he would when he fed Odetta. \"You're not going to stop until I eat something, are you?\" she asked, smiling when Francœur shook his head. \"All right, all right. You win.\" She let Francœur feed her. The warm broth flowed over her tongue and down her throat, soothing the soreness. \"Mmm! It's good soup.\" Francœur smiled, delighted he made her happy. He dipped the spoon in the broth and continued feeding her. Lucille smiled the whole time. She thought about taking the spoon, but she couldn't bring herself to do it. Besides, he looked so happy, and she was still feeling tired. She was surprised she could eat anything, though rationally she knew that was because she hadn't eaten all day. Food just hadn't seem appealing but she was happy Francœur was making her eat. When half the broth was gone, Francœur set aside the soup in exchange for the tea Carlotta had brewed. He could feel the heat through his gloves. It would be too hot for Lucille to drink, so Francœur blew on the cup. \"Why, thank you, Francœur,\" Lucille whispered. She took the cup from him, setting it under her nose to breath in the remaining steam. It cleared her congestion only for a moment. As she sipped the tea, Lucille felt her eyes grow heavy. The effects of the broth and tea warming her throat, and spreading that warmth throughout her body. She began to fall asleep. Seeing her fatigue, Francœur began to hum part of the song he was working on. He still only had a few lines finished, but there was enough of the melody to sing to Lucille. \"That's..that's very…pretty…\" Lucille closed her eyes and let her head drop to her chest, the cup slipping from her hand. Francœur caught it before any tea could spilled onto her bedsheets. He then cleaned up the tray of food before moving it back onto the nightstand. When Francœur turned around, he helped ease Lucille back onto her bed, adjusting her pillows and pulling the covers up. He watched her for a moment. Even with a congested nose and dark circles, and the fact she was snoring, Lucille still looked lovely to him. All that needed to happen now was to help her feel like her angelic self again. And soon. XXX Over the next few days, things had gotten pretty hectic. Many of the L'Oiseau Rare patrons expressed their concern, and hoped the cabaret singer would be well soon. True to her word, Carlotta had hired someone to help her with the office work, while Francœur helped with the show and caring for things at home. Often Emile or Maude stop by the apartment to give Francœur and Carlotta a hand. Even Raoul stopped by once a day to see how Lucille was fairing. The whole time Francœur had been a very attentive bedside nurse. Whenever Carlotta went out to check on the cabaret or to buy groceries, Francœur was back and forth between Odetta and Lucille, making sure they got proper care. Odetta seemed to be doing a lot better. She ate and her symptoms lessened every day. Meanwhile, Lucille appeared to worsen. About the third day she developed new symptoms. Her sore throat and cough worsened, and she complained that her muscle ached. She hardly ever ate unless Francœur or someone fed her, and she would get nauseated. Carlotta made another call to Dr. Travis, and upon his visit, the news was bittersweet. Odetta came out with a clean bill of health, while Lucille was diagnosed with the flu. Dr. Travis ordered she remain in bed for another week. If things didn't improve, he recommend bringing her to the hospital in case she developed pneumonia. Carlotta was devastated by the news. She worried constantly about Lucille's health, even closing down the L'Oiseau Rare for the weekend to care for her niece. Of course, there was also the matter of Odetta. She constantly wanted to be with Lucille, but with Lucille being so sick, it was risky having Odetta around. The doctor said it was a miracle she hadn't contracted the flu, but there was a high risk of Lucille still being contagious. Carlotta then made the decision to move in with Lucille while Francœur and Odetta stayed at Maude's place until Lucille's fever broke. The transition was not easy. Odetta cried the first day from missing Lucille and every night when Francœur had to leave for the L'Oiseau Rare. Carlotta and the others would try their best to console her, though it was near impossible explaining to an eleven month old the concept of someone being sick. Any time Odetta wanted to play with Lucille she would toddle up to a closed off room, pat her hands on the door, and cry when Lucille did not come out. The only way to calm her was for Francœur to hold her. She would settle instantly, cuddling into the flea's shoulder, tears on her cheeks as Francœur hummed one of Lucille's songs. By the end of the second week, Lucille's fever broke, which meant Francœur and Odetta could return home. Odetta smiled and clapped when the cab pulled up to the apartment. Even Francœur grinned at the thought of seeing Lucille again. When they arrived back home, Lucille seemed just as eager to see them. She looked much better, though she still coughed a little. Though having Odetta in her arms seemed to be the best medicine Lucille could ask for. One night, after Carlotta had gone home for the day, Francœur was downstairs at the piano. He had been up late working to put the finishing touch on Lucille's song. He had suffered writer's block during his time at Maude's, though most of his focus had been on comforting Odetta. His inspiration had returned one night while he had been checking on Lucille and overheard her talking in her sleep. Her dream sounded so wonderful that Francœur couldn't help incorporating it into the song. Francœur was finishing up the last note when a creak drew his attention. He turned around to find Lucille standing on the stairs. Her hair was pulled into a braid that hung over her shoulder, and she had a blanket draped around her shoulders. He got up to meet her, chirring in protest at her being out of bed. \"Don't worry, I'm well enough,\" Lucille argued, smiling at him. \"The doctor said I could return to work tomorrow. I just wanted to see how you were doing.\" Francœur sighed. He was glad she was feeling better, but that didn't stop him from worrying. Lucille had been so sick. She really should be in bed. \"How's Odetta?\" Lucille asked, quietly walking over to the couch. She peered over the other side to find Odetta curled up in a nest of pillows and blankets. Her eyes were shut and her teddybear was tucked under her arm. \"Oh, such an angel,\" she whispered. Francœur nodded. \"So, what were you working on?\" Francœur retrieved the music sheets and gave them to Lucille. He waited patiently while she read it over. Lucille usually gave him praise for his work, but Francœur always had a bit of anxiety when presenting a new piece. Lucille was silent as she read. The lyrics looked great, while the melody seemed slower compared to their usual fast tempo. The song reminded her of when she used to sing \"La Seine\" by herself. \"Would you play this for me, Francœur?\" she whispered. She caught his golden eyes flashing concern over to the couch. \"Don't worry. Odetta is a sound sleeper. Besides, this melody is soft and slow. If anything it will make her sleep more peacefully.\" Francœur smiled eagerly and sat down at the piano. He set his fingers on the keys and began to play, already having the notes memorized. The melody was soft, enveloping Lucille in a sense of serenity. As she let herself become absorbed int he music, Lucille looked down at the lyrics and began to sing. Close your eyes And let the stars Hold on to your fingers Like butterflies, my love The night is beautiful Approach me Open your wings wide The moon is such an angel Watching over you If you're scared of learning to fly My heart beats Say I'm close I asked for a perfect sky So you could finally dream Close your eyes The night will be your friend Imagine the wind Is stroking your face Let's bet that time Will just be a mirage The night is beautiful Approach me We can no longer see that it The moon, my love Shines for you Close your eyes And let the stars Shine from all their flames Like immense suns, my love The night is beautiful Approach me Open your wings wide It's you, my love Who shines for me It's you my love Who shines for me. When the song ended, Lucille smiled. She walked over to the piano and placed her hand on Francœur's shoulder. \"Francœur, I think this is your best work yet,\" she said. \"It's absolutely beautiful!\" Francœur shrugged, a small smile on his face as he looked to the side. Lucille laughed. \"Now don't be so modest. It's really wonderful. Wherever did you down up with the idea?\" she asked. He shuffled with the papers on the piano stand and pulled out the one from the back. It was badly crumpled and some of the writing was smudged. There were even a few scribble marks over some of the words. Francœur handed it to Lucille. When she read it, she gasped. \"Where on earth did you find this? I haven't seen this since my school days,\" she cried. \"I thought I had thrown it away.\" Francœur purred, glad Lucille did not seem angry with his discovery. He had found the lyrics while looking for sheet music. He had run out and had gone into Carlotta's office for more. It only happened that he had grabbed Carlotta's memento box instead. He had found several items: a picture of Lucille in a school uniform, a few child's drawings, and other things, including a little booklet full of songs. He had flipped through the book until his eyes caught one titled \"Shinning Moon.\" There wasn't much to read, but some of the words fit with the song he and Lucille had currently been working on. So, Francœur had decided to use them. Lucille's eyes teared up and she threw her arms around Francœur's neck. \"Oh, thank you Francœur. Thank you so much,\" she praised. Overwhelmed, she leaned up as high as she could reach and kissed his cheek. Francœur chirped. A kiss on the cheek meant she was very happy, and he had to admit, he liked when she thanked him this way. Just then, a small sound drew Francœur and Lucille toward the couch. Peering over the top, they saw Odetta. She had woken up and yawned, now rubbing her eyes. \"I guess she wasn't as asleep as I thought,\" Lucille whispered. \"It's pretty late. We should put her to bed.\" Nodding, Francœur walked around and scooped Odetta into his arms. She cuddled into his shoulder, but fought to keep her eyes open when she spotted Lucille. One arm reached out toward Lucille, the other had Odetta's thumb securely in her mouth. \"Oh, Odetta,\" Lucille cooed, touching the child's cheek. \"It's time for bed. I promise, tomorrow we'll play as much as you like.\" The only response came in the form of another sleepy yawn, followed by Odetta settling her head on Francœur's shoulder. Smiling, Francœur and Lucille walked back upstairs to put Odetta to bed. Tomorrow they could move her crib back into Lucille's room. Francœur had grown accustomed to having Odetta near at night, but Odetta would be with Lucille so the thought made him happy. After tucking Odetta in, Francœur walked Lucille back to her room. Lucille was right. It was late and they all needed their rest. Besides, the sooner they went to sleep, the sooner tomorrow would come.[Chapter 5] AN: Curse that ThermalAid commercial! You've made my bunnies attack! Sorry it's been a while, everyone. Things have been a little crazy. But I hope you'll enjoy this! It was a bright sunny morning in the city of Paris. Everyone seemed to be in a cheery mood. Well, almost everyone. \"You want me to do what ?!\" Lucille rolled her eyes. \"Raoul, I told you, I need you to babysit Odetta this afternoon.\" \"But why? I thought you loved taking her to your show?\" he grumbled. \"I can't have Odetta wandering around the cabaret anymore,\" Lucille explained again. \"She's too mobile now, and with how much she likes to climb, she'll get into everything and I can't watch her from the stage. So I need you to look after her.\" \"Why can't Maude or Emile do it?\" he persisted. \"Because they are working.\" \"What about Charles?\" \"He's helping the Professor. Honestly, why are you fighting me on this? I thought you loved spending time with Odetta?\" \"Playtime is one thing, sweetheart, but I'm not exactly…kid-friendly.\" Raoul used his fingers to form air quotes. He did enjoy spending time with the little squirt. Playtime was always fun and all, but taking on the responsibility of babysitting? Yeah, not happening. Lucille shook her head. Crossing her arms over her chest, she looked to Raoul with a challenge in her eyes. Raoul tried to hold her gaze, but knew how stubborn Lucille could be. So instead, he sighed and held out his hands in a pleading fashion. \"But Lucille…\" \"Don't whine. You're supposed to be an adult,\" she teased, raising an eyebrow. Raoul frowned at his girlfriend's smirk, but eventually gave a sigh of defeat. \"Alright, alright. But you owe me for this!\" \"It'll only be for an hour or two,\" Lucille reminded him. \"Carlotta wants Francœur and I to practice the routine once more before tonight's show. When we're done, Francœur will come back to get Odetta. Okay?\" \"Yeah but…\" \"No buts.\" She pushed past him for her jacket. \"Now, I left Odetta's schedule on the kitchen counter. You'll need to feed her and make sure she gets a nap, or she'll be cranky. Just follow the list and you'll be fine.\" \"Uh huh.\" Lucille rolled her eyes before waking to the living room. She found Odetta on the floor playing with her bear, Francœur watching her from the couch as he tuned his guitar. He looked up and chirped at her. \"Yes, I'm ready.\" She walked around and kneeled beside Odetta. \"See you later, little angel,\" she said. \"Francœur will be back to pick you up for your haircut. You be good for Uncle Raoul while Francœur and I are with Auntie, okay?\" \"OK!\" Odetta said with a giggle. \"I'll see you later.\" Giving her baby a kiss, Lucille signaled Francœur to follow her. She gave Raoul a peck on the cheek and then the two singers left the apartment. Raoul watched from the window as they walked down to the cab. When they drove off, he turned back to find Odetta staring at him. \"So…\" Raoul looked around nervously before returning to the girl. \"… What now?\" \"Bye-bye.\" Raul shook his head. \"Yeah, Lucille went bye-bye, so we're stuck,\" he said, rubbing his hand over his face. \"And I'm talking like you can understand me. Oie!\" Odetta got up and toddled toward the door. She set her hands against the wood. \"Open Mommy.\" Raoul shook head. \"What'd you say?\" \"Open.\" She patted her hands on the door and looked up at him. \"Open. Open Mommy.\" Raoul looked down and tried to put on a smile. \"Look, squirt, I would like to but Lucille would destroy me if anything happened to you. Sorry but it's gonna stay closed.\" Odetta tilted her head to the side and patted the door more. Not receiving an answer, she toddled over to the window. She reached but was too short. She then turned to Raoul and repeated the gesture. \"Uppy.\" \"Oh, now you want up?\" Raoul picked her up, struggling to keep her steady as she wiggled about. \"Jeez! What's Lucille feeding you?\" \"Mommy!\" Odetta squealed, clapping as she looked out the window. \"Mommy bye-bye!\" Raoul couldn't understand what she was going on about. She just kept trying to go over to the window while shouting \"mommy\" over and over. \"What do you want, kid–\" It took a moment for it click. \"OH! You want Lucille! Lucille is mommy, right?\" \"Mommy! Mommy!\" Raoul let it a sigh of relief. He set Odetta down on the floor and kneeled down to her level. \"Look, she had to go with Franc to sing for a little bit, but she'll be back later, kay?\" Odetta just nodded her head and went back to her toys. Raoul chuckled. \"Well, guess you can entertain yourself. Now… Where'd Lucille put that list?\" XXX Odetta watched as her uncle walked about her home. It was strange to be alone with him. Usually when he visited, he would play with her and then spend the rest of his visit with her mommy. It made her curious. Why had her mommy left? She said her auntie need her, but why did she leave her with this man? Why not the green man or the purple lady? They were much more fun. While her uncle had goofy looking hair, and he was very funny when he wasn't busy with his loud moving box, he wasn't much fun to play with. The green man told funny stories and the purple lady always made the yummiest snacks. They were her favorite people when her mommy wasn't around. Well, almost her favorite. Only one person was the most fun to be with when her mom was gone: Blu! Blu had to be the biggest person Odetta had ever seen! He also was kind and very gentle. When she was sad or scared, Blu would sing or play games to make her happy again. She loved watching Blu and her mommy sing together. Sometimes Odetta even faked being not tired so she could watch them sing together at her auntie's home with all those people. Oh yes, Blu was much more fun. He was the best and her most favorite big person to be with. Now that she thought of it, why did Blu have to go too? And if both her mommy and Blu were gone, then why hadn't they taken her with them? Seeing as her uncle was gone, Odetta picked up her bear and toddled over to the stairs. She wasn't scared as she made her way upstairs, though carrying her bear made it a little harder to climb. Once she was at the top, Odetta walked towards the bedrooms. She past by her and her mommy's room in favor of Blu's. She pushed on the door, happy to find it open, and walked inside. There wasn't much. A humongous bed and other tall things she didn't know the names of. She walked in further to look around. Odetta stopped when she spotted something sticking out of the box where Blu would get his clothes. It was bright red. Curious, Odetta went over and grabbed the end. It was soft. She pulled one end to see what it was. It was stuck in the box. Odetta put her bear down and pulled harder. She struggled for a minute before the red thing finally got loose. Odetta fell back on her bum, the red thing coiling around her. She looked down was surprised. It was like the funny blankie Blu wore around his neck. Only this wasn't blue and it was ripped at the ends. Odetta pulled the blankie closer. It was much softer than Blu's other blankie, and the red reminded Odetta of his eyes. She snuggled the blankie to her face. She missed Blu. \"Odetta. Nap time. Odetta? Hey, squirt, where'd you go?\" Uh oh! Her uncle was looking for her. Odetta got up to find him when she had a thought. Her uncle wanted to find her. This could be a way to get him to play with her! Grabbing her bear and her new treasure, Odetta made her way back toward the stairs. She stood at the top and waited for her uncle to walk by. Meanwhile, Raoul was searching frantically for Odetta. He had not seen her anywhere and was beginning to worry. He checked the living room, kitchen, and the hallway. \"Odetta! Come on out!\" Raoul called, trying to hide his worry behind a chuckle. \"Okay squirt, this ain't funny anymore. Uncle Raoul really, really needs you to come out now!\" \"Boo!\" Raoul jumped and turned to find his tiny charge at the top of the stairs. He sighed in relief and began to climb. \"You darn little scamp.\" He chuckled. \"Now how'd you get up there?\" As he reached the middle of the steps, Odetta giggled and ran off shouting, \"No nap! No nap!\" Raoul groaned, gritting his teeth. \"Great! Just what I need.\" He ran up the rest of the stairs. There was no sign of Odetta in the hallway, so she must have gone into one of the rooms. \"Just perfect! Not even five minutes and I've lost the kid.\" Raoul suddenly flinched. \"Lucille is going to destroy me.\" He needed to find her. There were plenty of places Odetta could hide, and probably even if he did get close, she would only run off again. He needed to look carefully. The first place he checked was Lucille's room. He checked under the bed and then inside the closet. \"A-A-Achoo! ACHOO!\" Raoul sniffed, tossing aside a feathery boa and Lucille's spare angel wings. \"God, feathers!\" After a few minutes, a pile of clothes accumulated on Lucille's bed, but there was still no sign of Odetta. \"Odetta! Come on, no hiding from Uncle Raoul!\" He kept his eyes low to the ground. Suddenly, he heard a small laughter. What, does she think this is, a game… Raoul stopped and slapped a hand to his forehead. Of course! With a smile all his own, Raoul crept down hall. \"Hide-and-seek, huh? Alright, here we go.\" XXX Two hours later… Francœur hummed as he hopped over the rooftops. He was in hurry. As he jumped, he thought back over that morning. The new routine Madame Carlotta had come up with was coming along splendidly. It was almost perfect, but Carlotta thought it needed something extra. It was then she surprised the duo with new costumes. Apparently, the cabaret manager felt it would spice up the show. Carlotta had been thinking of trying something new when Francœur came into the picture. The mystery of his mask added a certain element that the L'Oiseau Rare. Now she wanted to try something else, something wild! Carlotta showed Lucille and Francœur the sketches, completely enthralled of the idea for a new look. The only problem was Lucille didn't care for it. At all. The costumes were over the top, with red and black as the main color scheme, and feathers. Feathers galore. Lucille worried why her aunt would suggest such gaudy clothes, especially when they made them look like over plumed birds. It was Carlotta's idea for fitting in more with the theme of the cabaret. While Lucille and Carlotta debated over the designs, Francœur noticed the clock. It was just about time for him to go pick up Odetta to the barbershop. Francœur wasn't too sure what exactly that entailed, but Lucille had said it was important they make it to the appointment on time. Seeing as Lucille was busy, Francœur wrote Lucille a note and went on his way. As the familiar rooftop came in sight, Francœur jumped down to the street to walk the rest of the way. He reached the path leading up the the door, a tiny voice caught his ear. \"Blu! Blu!\" Francœur looked up and shrieked. Leaning halfway out of Lucille's bedroom window was Odetta. The tiny girl smiled and waved at him, but she was much to close to the edge. He chirped at her, desperately trying to tell to go back. But it only made Odetta more excited. She squealed in delight. She turned to grab the red blankie she had found, wanting to show Blu. With blankie in hand, she crawled back out onto the windowsill. She smiled and waved her treasure about for her friend to see. Francœur gasped. Odetta would fall if she wasn't careful. He looked around, wondering where Raoul was. Wasn't he supposed to be watching her? Francœur chirped and chittered, waving his arms in an attempt to get Odetta's attention. Perhaps if he was loud enough, Raoul might hear him to and come check on Odetta. Odetta laughed as she watched Blu jump up and down. It made her want to jump too. Francœur shrieked. Now Odetta was jumping?! Not good! If she continued to do that, she would definitely fall! He tried to warn her but it was too late. Odetta slipped and went tumbling forward. Without a second thought, Francœur jumped. He caught Odetta and landed back on the ground. He looked her over, checking for any sign that she had been hurt. Much to his surprise, Odetta was laughing. The fall hadn't startled her at all. \"Again! Again!\" Francœur let out a sigh. He nuzzled her cheek and held her tighter. He hadn't been that scared since Maynott had tried to shoot him atop the Eiffel Tower. He looked down at the young girl and, though relieved she was alright, slightly scolded her for worrying him like that. Odetta, not understanding in words but in tone, knew that her friend was not happy with her. She pouted and made a little chirp of her own. Francœur let himself calm down. He couldn't stay mad at her. He smiled and nuzzled the top of her head. This made her laugh and Odetta leaned up and kissed his cheek. \"All betta?\" Francœur nodded. He reached for the key in his pocket, and opened the door to let himself and Odetta inside the house. He didn't see any sign of Raoul so he called out. The very human came rushing out of the kitchen. \"Hey Franc, sorry can't chat right–\" He stopped when he saw Odetta giggling in Francœur's arms. \"Oh! Odetta? I thought you were still in the bedroom.\" Francœur was stunned. Raoul hadn't even known Odetta was missing? \"Hey, thanks for getting her. I had to clean mush from these blueprints I'm working on for Catherine II.\" He grimaced. \"I was making adjustments and the kid tosses her bowl all over them. Who knew she didn't like avocado? Place is a mess. Glad I don't do this full time.\" Francœur frowned. He held out Odetta and pointed back toward the door. \"Blu back! Blu back!\" Odetta cheered. \"Detta go bye-bye.\" \"Oh right, you were coming to pick her up, right?\" Raoul said, coming over to ruffle the little girl's hair. \"Say, just so you know, kid didn't get a nap. Had me running all over the house playing hide-and-seek. When I found her, I set her in Lucille's room for a nap, but wouldn't sleep. But uh, if you couldn't mention it to Lucille, that'd be helping me out. Thanks!\" Francœur cocked his head. He was still waiting for an explanation to how Odetta was left by he window when Raoul continued. \"Anywho, since she wouldn't nap, I tried making her a snack and, wait, I already said that.\" Raoul snapped his fingers. \"Oh! So, took her upstairs and changed her clothes, then came back down to clean up, worked on the blueprints. Then you came in…\" Something caught Francœur's notice and he pointed to Odetta, titling his head to the side and looking around. \"Huh… Oh, Odetta?\" Francœur nodded. \"Uh, kind of just let her wander upstairs. She wasn't interested in my plans for Catherine II, so I let her do her own thing.\" One of Francœur's eyes twitched. Raoul had done what?! \"Though it was getting stuffy in here, so I opened a couple windows. Even had to get the bedrooms,\" he explained. \"Though the one in Lucille's room got stuck. Had to get a chair to get the darn thing open all the way.\" Did Raoul say chair? And he left Odetta to wander around by herself? Hadn't Lucille warned him that Odetta liked to climb? He was positive he had heard her tell Raoul to make sure nothing was left near the windows. But if Raoul hadn't put the chair back, then that would explain how Odetta had gotten onto the widow. Why, if he hadn't been walking home when he had… The image of poor little Odetta falling from the two story window caused something in Francœur to snap. Odetta had been watching the conversation. She wasn't very interested in whatever her uncle was talking about. She just wanted Blu to take her to her mommy. She turned, ready to get his attention, but stopped. Why was Blu making that face? Odetta whimpered, curling herself in Blu's arms. Something about the way he looked at her uncle was scary. Very scary. Now, normally, Francœur was a very mellow soul. He didn't get angry. In fact, there was hardly anything that could upset the giant flea to such a drastic emotion. He once pretended to be mad when they were fooling Maynott. That hadn't gone over very well, though it did fool some for a little while. Other than that, Francœur couldn't remember ever feeling angry. At lease, not true anger. He'd seen Lucille and his other friends express it on occasion. That was how he knew what he was feeling as he stared down at Raoul. Meanwhile, Raoul rambled on when suddenly he felt a cold chill down his spine. He looked up and stopped talking. The usually pleasant, often innocent smile on his large friend's face was replaced by a hard frown and the coldest stare he'd ever seen reflected back in those large, golden eyes. \"Uh… Everything okay there, buddy?\" he asked nervously. Francœur lost it. He chirped vigorously, and not in a friendly tone. He was so mad that he didn't care if Raoul could understand him or not. He was more focused on the fact Odetta had nearly just been hurt because she wasn't being watched. Raoul took a step back, hands help up as Francœur continued to advance on him. \"Whoa! Hey pal, what's wrong?\" Frustrated, Francœur shook his head and grabbed Raoul's arm. He was too mad to write anything, but walking back to the club would help him calm down. That, and he felt Lucille would like to know just what had happened. Or rather, what had almost happened. \"Franc, hey! Where we going?\" Raoul was ignored. As he was dragged down the street, some people stopped to stare. A few kids even laughed at the sight. \"Hey, this isn't funny.\" Remembering that it was quite a ways to the cabaret, Francœur tossed Raoul onto his back and clutched Odetta tightly. He then began jumping his way along, focusing each jump closer to the ground for Odetta's sake. Raoul screamed while Odetta cheered, loving how far they moved and all the surprised faces of the people they passed. When he was about two blocks away, Francœur resumed walking. Raoul protested the whole way but Francœur wouldn't stop until they reached the cabaret. When L'Oiseau came into sight, Francœur dragged the still confused Raoul through the entrance. The door slammed, starling the cabaret star and manager. They looked up and were surprised to find an angry looking Francœur with Odetta in on arm and dragging Raoul with the other. \"Would you let go already?\" Raoul shouted. When Francœur let him go, he stumbled back, rubbing his sore wrist. \"Seriously, what was that about?\" \"Umm… What is going on?\" Lucille asked. \"Ask him?\" Raoul pointed to Francœur. \"He just grabbed me and dragged me here after shouting at me.\" Lucille quirked an eyebrow. \"Francœur? Shouting? Now that's new.\" She turned to her partner. \"Francœur, what's going on? Are you upset about something?\" Francœur nodded. Before anyone could ask why, he placed Odetta in Lucille's arms and went over to the table where Carlotta had left the costume designs. He took up a pen and found a blank piece of paper to write on. The whole time he had a cross look on his face. \"Goodness! I've never seen the dear so upset,\" Carlotta stated. \"Neither have I,\" Lucille added. She turned back to Raoul. He was sitting at one of the tables rubbing his sore feet. \"What did you do?\" she asked in a skeptical tone. \"Hey! Don't look at me,\" he protested. \"I don't get anything he does. I swear, he gets that from you.\" \"Well, it has to be something impor–\" Lucille was cut off as sheet of paper was held in front of her face. She pushed it back to see Francœur holding the other end. Surprised by such a rude gesture from her friend, Lucille took the note. It was a little sloppy but easy to read. \"What does it say, Honeybee?\" Carlotta asked. She noted her niece's hand crumbling the paper and began to worry. Odetta whimpered so Carlotta quickly took her from Lucille. \"Lucille?\" she asked while trying to comfort her adopted niece. \"Hey, what's the problem…\" Raoul felt his tongue knot as Lucille looked up from the note. Her face was red and her teeth grit while her eyes were even colder than Francœur's had been moments ago. \"Hehe… Everything, uh, everything okay there, sweetie?\" SMACK! Raoul held a hand up to his stinging cheek. He turned his head to look back at Lucille. \"DON'T sweetie me!\" She grabbed his jacket collar, forcing him to look at her. \"You let Odetta fall out of a window!? \" \"W-What?! No I didn't!\" Carlotta gasped. \"What?!\" She began checking Odetta over. \"Is she hurt? Any broken bones?\" she questioned. \"Oh, how could you be so irresponsible!\" \"But I didn't!\" Railing argued. \"She wasn't in danger. I was watching her the whole time, I swear!\" \"Oh really? Then explain this!\" She held the note up to Raoul's face. He quickly read over it, only to turn pale. \"I told you had to watch her! Just what were you doing when this happened?!\" \"Well, I, uh…\" He chuckled. \"Funny story…\" Raoul explained what had told Francœur, but he didn't get the reaction he was hoping for. Lucille was seething. \"Auntie. Would you mind giving us a moment? Alone. \" \"How about we stay here. You know? Where there's witnesses!\" Raoul looked back, hoping to receive sympathy from his friends. Carlotta huffed. \"Lucille, take your time. If you need me, I'll be upstairs.\" Raoul panicked as the cabaret owner handed Odetta to Lucille before retreating to her office. He turned to Francœur but the giant flea looked away from him. Seriously? You too? he thought before Lucille's voice drew his focus back to her. \"Francœur, would you be a dear and take Odetta to her haircut appointment?\" Lucille asked. \"I have a feeling this will take a while.\" Francœur nodded. He took Odetta and was out the door before another word was said. Leaving behind one angered singer, and a very frightened delivery man. XXX Francœur smiled as he walked back to the cabaret. He watched Odetta chase a little white butterfly, laughing as she tried to catch it. The sound made him think of their trip to the barbershop. Lucille would be happy to know how well Odetta did. She had been worried it might scare her. She had told him how children could be frightened by the strange things they saw around the shop. Francœur could understand. He himself was uneasy in the place until the barber showed him there was nothing to fear. There were no such problems with Odetta. She wasn't frightened of the barber or his scissors. She had smiled and held still while he snipped away at her hair. Francœur was glad he remembered to pick up one of Odetta's fallen curls from the floor. Lucille had mentioned she wanted one for Odetta's baby book to remember her first haircut. An odd thing if you asked him, but still, Francœur made sure to grab the hair. \"OWW!\" Francœur looked up, startled by the sudden cry. His eyes widened as they fell on his tiny friend, now lying face down on the ground. He ran to her side, cooing his concern as he helped her up. Odetta continued to cry, big crocodile tears pooling down her face. The pain just hurt so much! She never felt this bad before. Francœur kneeled down at Odetta's side, crooning softly. He could not understand why she was crying all of a sudden. He tried taking her in his arms, but Odetta shoved his hands away. \"NO!\" Francœur flinched. Odetta had never pushed him before. He tried again, reaching to pick her up. It was then an all too familiar scent reached his nose. Francœur's eyes widened and he followed the scent, lowering his gaze to Odetta's legs. He hadn't noticed before, but now he saw that Odetta's once white stockings were torn and stained red. Odetta was bleeding! What should he do? There was blood, Odetta was crying, and the giant flea had no idea how he was supposed to help her. Knowing he had to get help, Francœur scooped Odetta into his arms, and ran inside the cabaret. He didn't stop until he saw Lucille. He chirped loudly to get their attention. Hearing him, Lucille turned but her smile faded when she saw how panicked her friend looked. \"Francœur? What's the matter?\" she asked. Then she looked down and saw her goddaughter crying. \"Oh sweetie! What happened?\" Odetta only cried, burying her face into Lucille's shoulder. Lucille held her tighter before walking back to Carlotta's office. Francœur followed, hoping to be of any help. He entered the room to see Lucille fussing over Odetta. She held the little girl in her arm while trying to use her feee hand to open a box Francœur had never seen before. Seeing her struggle, Francœur walked up and opened the box. \" Merci , Francœur,\" she thanked as she rummaged through the box. Pulling out some white cloth, Lucille had Francœur hold Odetta while she slipped into another room. She returned shortly with the cloth now damp and a brown bottle. Francœur widened his eyes. He had seen it used before. The liquid contained within helped clean a wound, however, it had an unpleasant odor and stung terribly when applied to skin. Odetta was not going to like that. Francœur shuddered, remembering when he'd first learned of the stuff. Lucille had used it after pricking her finger while fixing a broken stitch on her wings. The wound had been rather deep, so much that Francœur could smell the blood. While she looked for something to wrap her finger, both he and Lucille were surprised when he took her finger into his own mouth. The incident left him embarrassed and ashamed. Not that Lucille was mad at him. Francœur was a flea and fleas drank blood, so she couldn't fault him for following his natural instincts. Lucille forgave him and even kissed his cheek to assure him that she wasn't angry. She even commented the wound stopped bleeding enough for her to probably clean and wrap it, so in his own way, he had helped. Still, he didn't want to do that to Odetta. He remembered how itchy it made Lucille. She even needed to treat it with a smelly goop. He didn't want his tiny friend to experience that. Lucille noticed Francœur's hold tighten on Odetta. She patted his shoulder. \"It's okay, Francœur,\" she whispered. \"It's going to hurt but I need you to stay calm. Odetta will see how uneasy you are and it'll only make her more scared. Think you can put on a brace face for her?\" Hesitantly, Francœur nodded. He crooned one of Odetta's favorite songs while Lucille poured the iodine onto the cloth. \"Okay, big girl. I'm just going to put some iodine on your knee. This is going to hurt, but I promise it'll be over soon, and you'll feel much better.\" Calmed by the song, Odetta nodded and grabbed one of Francœur's gloved fingers. She screamed when the cold material made her knee sting, but Francœur and Lucille were quick to calm her. Then after a thorough clean and a quick dressing, Odetta was all patched up. \"Good job!\" Lucille praised. \"You were so brave, Odetta!\" Sniffling tears, Odetta tried to smile, but her knee was still sore. She cuddled deeper into Francœur's jacket, pressing her damp face to his shirt. \"Oh no. Does it still hurt?\" Lucille asked. Her goddaughter nodded, making Lucille give her a soft smile. \"Well, I can fix that.\" She leaned over and placed a kiss on Odetta's bandaged knee. Looking up, she could see Odetta smiling back at her. \"There. Feel better?\" Odetta giggled and reached for her guardian. Lucille happily took Odetta from Francœur, nuzzling her nose. \"You see? Just needed a little kiss.\" Later that night, after Odetta was put to bed, Lucille was lying down on the couch, had her feet propped up on the coffee table and a warm towel over her eyes. She was rubbing her temples. Francœur walked beside her, a tray with freshly brewed tea in his hands. He set the tray down and poured some into a cup, adding two sugars before offering it to Lucille. Lucille removed the towel when she heard her friend's chirp. \"Francœur, you'e an angel,\" she said, taking the cup. \"I see you found the passionflower tea. I'm glad we didn't run out.\" Francœur purred. He remembered the Professor offering the brew to Lucille after Odetta started cutting teeth. Her first tooth had been the worst. The pain and irritation had left Odetta uncomfortable and restless, resulting in several sleepless nights for the singing duo. The Professor had said that passionflower was effective with sleep difficulties by decrease muscle tension and calm nerves. It could also help with headaches. He had also suggested other types of tea—particularly catnip, kava, and hops—but Lucille found the passionfruit to be her favorite. She took a long sip. \"Mmm… Just what I need after today.\" Francœur chirped, glad he had been able to help. He sat down on the other end of the couch. He found a copy of music he had been working with when he heard a low sigh from his companion. \"I don't know what I'm going to do…\" Looking up, Francœur glanced over at Lucille. He churred a question in hopes she would explain. \"I'm thinking of Odetta.\" Lucille set her cup on the table and leaned back ingot he couch. \"After all that happened today, I just don't know how I'll be able to keep up with her.\" Francœur tilted his head as Lucille continued. \"First we had that mess with the costumes, then while you went to get Odetta we learned one of the waiters called in sick, and then poor Odetta gets hurt. She didn't want to leave my side, and of course it was nearly impossible to give her to Carlotta when we had to perform. Ugh! And then there was the show tonight!\" She groaned thinking about it, pacing the towel back over her eyes. \"We nearly ran out of wine and that one act Carlotta hired never showed up, so you and I had to do an extra three performances. It was exhausting, and then to come home to a wound up toddler…\" She took a moment to calm herself. Turning to peek at her friend from under her towel. Francœur's eyes were filled with concern. \"Oh, please don't misunderstand,\" Lucille quickly assured him. \"I love Odetta so much, but now that the cabaret is getting so popular, I don't have enough time to watch her. I can't ask Carlotta, or Emile or Maude to look after her, and clearly I can't trust Raoul to watch her! I'll need to hire someone to care for her during the day, and possibly at night.\" Francœur pointed to himself. Lucille shook her head, chuckling softly. She sat back up to give him her full attention, the towel slipping to lie in her lap. \"I appreciate the offer, Francœur, but you'll be busy helping me, remember?\" Francœur clicked, having forgotten. Lucille reached for his gloved hand. \"I know you want to be with her. So do I,\" she told him. \"But… Well, we'll make it work. Somehow…\" Francœur wished he knew what to say. This was troubling Lucille a great deal. If he could, he would offer words of comfort, but something in writing the words on paper didn't feel like they would be enough. He needed to do something. To show Lucille everything would be alright, that they would get through this together. To make her feel better… Then, he had an idea! Meanwhile, Lucille wrung the towel between her hands. She had been thinking of hiring a nanny for some time, but this was the first she had spoken of it allowed. She hated it. She did not want some stranger with Odetta all hours of the day. Time with her goddaughter was precious. That was becoming clearer ever day. Why, it was only a few days ago that Odetta had started talking more. They had been sitting in the rocking chair. Lucille was reading a book when Odetta started to mumble. She had been getting better at saying more words, though she had trouble pronouncing some. Lucille had stopped and waited for the girl to say what was on her mind. Odetta had turned, smiled, and said, \"Mommy.\" Lucille nearly choked. She tried to gently tried to tell Odetta that she was Lucille, but the girl persisted. It was then Lucille had broken down. She took Odetta into her arms and cried, whispering in her ear, \"Yes sweetie. I'm your mommy.\" I don't want a stranger telling me my little girl's milestones , she thought to herself. I want to share them with her. But… Lucille relented. It was no use. She had been warned raising a child would not be easy in her line of work. Even so, she just couldn't bear to think what would have become of Odetta. She really had become a daughter to her. She couldn't imagine life without her. Maybe that was why it was so hard for her to accept that she couldn't always be with her. If only… \"Oh!\" Lucille sat up, turning as Francœur moved back to his seat. She stared at his smiling face, her fingers absentmindedly pressed to her cheek. That was certainly a surprise! Meanwhile, Fancœur continued smiling. He had hoped Lucille was feeling better. However, as she continued to stare at him, Francœur began to wonder if he had done the right thing. He chirped, hoping to gain her attention. The sound brought Lucille out of her trance. \"That was…unexpected,\" she said, not quite sure what to make of it. \"What brought that on?\" Francœur thought for a moment. He had been sure that a kiss would make Lucille feel better. Maybe he didn't do it right? He thought how best to explain it. He reached for a pen when he got a better idea. Looking back into Lucille's puzzled eyes, he began to sing. To feel unbearable never again Even if I change Deep inside I'll be the same We have a tendency to be ashamed Let me tell you how to Help me break out of this chain Oh oh oh… Just a little kiss will do Oh oh oh Just a little kiss from you \"Francœur, what are–\" Lucille stopped, the song bringing up a memory from earlier. \"You see? Just needed a little kiss.\" She had said those words to Odetta. It wasn't much, just something her mother and aunt used to say whenever she got hurt. It didn't take away the pain but it was the thought behind the gesture. It always made her feel better. Had Francœur been trying to make her feel better? She looked at him. His golden red eyes were full of concern. She felt foolish. Here she was venting her problems and making her friend worry over her. And he showed it in such a caring way, she felt touched by his concern. Lucille touch his cheek, giggling as his smile brightened. \" Merci , Francœur,\" she thanked. \"It was a sweet gesture. I feel much better now.\" Francœur brightened. He was so glad his Lucille was happy again. His smile got wider as she began to hum the rest of the song, so he picked up his guitar and joined in when she sang. Don't you know, it's enough to believe That every glass of water will return to the sea It's very easy and you may not know It's no more complicated than a simple hello Oh So my love, et voilà So my love can it be To be to be in love From one day, two days, three days For everyday Oh oh oh… Just a little kiss will do Just a little kiss from you Oh oh oh… Just a little kiss will do Just a little kiss from you Oh oh oh… Just a little kiss will do Oh oh oh Just a little kiss from you Just a little kiss from Just a little kiss from Just a little kiss from you The two friends shared a laugh. The song had really lightened the mood. Francœur was delighted that his friend was happy again. He liked making her happy. They drank their tea and enjoyed the peace, until a yawn escaped Lucille. The exhaustion the day had brought finally caught up with her. Francœur placed their cups onto the tray and took it back to the kitchen. Lucille offered to do the dishes but Francœur declined. He knew how tired she was, and insisted that she go to bed. He caught her smile as he turned to remove his gloves. Lucille almost laughed. No matter how many times she saw it, the sight of Francœur near water made her laugh. It reminded her of who when they first met the flea would avoid water whenever possible. It was understandable. The two didn't mix but over time, Francœur's curiosity got the better of him and he managed to overcome his fear. He still held a reservation about La Seine, but otherwise, he was unafraid. Walking up beside him, Lucille placed a hand on his lower arm, and leaned up to kiss his cheek. \"Thank you again for cheering me up,\" Francœur turned to her with a smile, trilling appreciatively. He dried his hands and wrapped Lucille in an embrace. It made Lucille laugh. \"You always know how to make me smile,\" she added, hugging him back. AN: Hope that didn't seem too short. I had almost forgotten how fun these guys are to write. Hope to write mire soon, but let me know what you guys think.[Chapter 6] AN: Wow! Been so long since I last looked at this story. Sadly, this was on my \"Aggressive Writer's Block\" List, and I admit it took me a while to get back into writing. So a while back, LadySindrak brought to my attention an idea that made a lot of sense. She asked if Odetta knew about Francœur being a flea, and it got me wondering about how does our little lady think of her large friend. Children do tend to notice differences, typically at young ages, so I decided to explore this a bit. Lots of inspiration for this chapters comes from Rugrats and Look Who's Talking . My family isn't like everyone else. I guess you could say we were…different. Before I tell you about what happened, there are a few things you need to know. The first thing is that I didn't really know what the word \"different\" meant. What do you expect? I'm not even a whole year old yet. Nope, my birthday isn't for another couple of days. But I'm getting off topic. Where was I? Oh! Yeah, so I learned about what it means to be different. The second thing you should know is that lots of things have changed for me. For one, I've got a new maman. See, my old maman and papa went to heaven, so while they watch over me, I needed someone to care for me. That's where my new maman came in. Funny but the first time I called her that, she started to cry. What was really strange about that was she smiled when she did. How can something that makes you cry make you smile? I don't know, grownups are weird. My new maman is awesome! She is a big star where my Auntie Carla works. I have trouble with the name but it's got a bird in it, even though there aren't any birds there. Talk about a let down. Anyway, Maman works there by singing while people eat dinner. Maman has the most beautiful voice I've ever heard. Sometimes she sings by herself, but mostly she sings with Blu. Blu is my best friend in the whole world! He and Maman play with me and we have lots of fun together. Blu even teaches me funny ways to talk, though Maman wants me talking more like her. She says I'm getting really good. Though if that's true, not sure why she called Auntie when I said lots of grownup words. Something about \"girls being faster than boys\" or something like that. I don't know. I still like chirping better. Anyway, let's get back to my story. The thing is, I didn't even know how different my family was at the time. I mean, I'm pretty smart, so it really surprised me that I didn't know about this sooner. But I'm getting ahead of myself; let's just start at the beginning of the day. I remember it started around breakfast time… Maman gave me some gooey yellow stuff with pieces of jelly bread. I stopped drinking my bottle to inspect them. Whatever they were, they sure were fun to mash up! I was testing their gooeyness when Blu walked into the kitchen. He smiled and made a funny noise. This was his way of saying good morning to Maman. She'd smile and told him good mornings before turning back to her cooking. Blu then turned to sit at the table with me. He made another funny noise before ruffling my hair. It all seemed pretty good, until the telephone rang. Maman went to answer it while Blu finished making breakfast. Suddenly, we heard Maman shout! She raced back into the room, looking really scared before she stared running all around the house. She was hurrying to clean up the kitchen while Blu was trying to help. I like to watch them when this happens. It's fun! They both look so silly. \"Oh goodness, I'm gonna to be so late!\" Maman cried, struggling to put one of her pointy shoes on. \"I can't believe I forgot that I was supposed to meet my aunt ten minutes ago!\" Blu cocked his head to the side so I copied him. Maman paused a moment to explain. \"Carlotta said that she and Le préfet Pâté have something they want to discuss. I'm thinking maybe another concert, but I can't imagine for what.\" Oh yeah, Auntie's special friend Mr. Patty, the man with the big nose and two sets of eyes. He was a nice man. I liked him. Sometimes he gives me a sweet stick for me. Maman doesn't like them because they make me all sticky. Speaking of sticky, I wonder how long it will take for somebody to notice that my jelly bits are on the floor? Blu must have because he came over with a wet towel in his hands and began cleaning it up. \"Alright, that should be everything, I think…\" I heard Maman mutter as she shuffled back into the kitchen. \"Now, are you sure you have everything? I know it's just for the afternoon but Odetta has been extra fussy since her teeth are coming in. Oh, maybe I shouldn't go!\" Blu placed his big hand on Maman's shoulder and chirped. He smiled in a way that made her relax. \"You're right, I'm overreacting again. Thank you Francœur.\" Maman then walked to where I was as sitting. She nuzzled our noses and gave me a kiss before saying, \"Bye little angel. You be good for Francœur while I'm visiting Auntie Carlotta, okay?\" I giggled and laughed, making her smile before she gave Blu his kiss and disappeared. When I heard the front door shut, I turn to Blu to see if he knows what we will do today. I wasn't paying enough attention. The moment I turned my head, my eyes were covered and I tasted yucky cloth. I tried to protest as the wet thing moved over my mouth and cheeks, and another cloth was rubbed against my hands. When it was over, I look to see Blu smiling while holding three wet towels. He must've grabbed the others for me when I wasn't looking. I gave him a stink face. He knows I don't like the wet cloth, especially rubbed on my face. He just chirped and started cleaning up the rest of the kitchen. When that's done, Blu picked me up and carried me upstairs. Since he went into Maman's room, that means he's going to either dress me or it's my nap time. And it's much too early for a nap so I must be getting my play clothes. When Blu finished dressing me, he scooped me up along with my diaper bag, and heads downstairs. It's was when Blu puts on his brown shoes and jacket, quickly grabbing his guitar case, that I knew we were going to the park. I like it when we go to the park. There's lots more room to run around and I get to see my friends. And of course, it the most fun when it's just me and Blu. Whenever we don't have Maman, we take the fun way to the park. Blu doesn't like getting in those moving boxes. They are noises, smell funny, and I don't how squished we get while riding in them. So Blu and me fly instead. Okay, it's not really flying, but it feels like it is because Blu jumps so high! Blu is the bestest jumper I've ever met! He can jump so high up, like over tall houses and up into the clouds. He did that one time when Uncle Raoul was babysitting me. He got in big trouble with Maman because he wasn't watching me. Hey, not my fault I fell out the window. But since I had so much fun that time, Blu and I jump everywhere, but only when it's the two of us because Maman gets scared about me being up so high. Anyway, after we jumped to the park, Blu walked me over to the spot I usually go to meet with my friends. I found them over by the big kid playground. I saw Eric and Christine first. Eric was picking flowers while Christine was playing ball with Josephine. Eric really likes Christine but she doesn't notice. Josephine saw me and waved after throwing Christine the ball, though that made Christine turn, and the ball went past her and hit my other friend, Andre, right in the nose. Seeing my friends, I turned to let Blu know I wanted to go play. He nodded and pointed over to a bench where an old man was feeding the pigeons. He was telling me that he would sit there and watch me. Then he patted his case. That's Blu's way to say he was going to play his guitar. Blu then walked away and took a seat on the bench while I went to join my friends. I ran over to make sure Andre was okay. He acted like it didn't hurt, but I could see the boo boo on his head, so I knew he was pretending. After that, we all played tag and then hide-and-go-seek. Eric loves that game because no one ever finds him. After that, we all sat in a circle and passed the ball to each other. It was going great until suddenly Andre was carried off by a big man I'd never seen before. \"Hey, who's that big guy taking Andre away?\" \"That's Andre's Papa,\" Josephine said. \"He's going with his Papa.\" \"Papa? What's a papa?\" Everyone turned and looked at me funny. \"What? What I say?\" \"You don't know what a papa is?\" Eric asked. I shook my head. \"A papa is the grownup who's always with a maman,\" Christine explained. \"You know, he tells stories and plays games and makes the maman happy when she gets sad.\" \"Don't forget the kissing,\" Josephine added through a giggle, \"because mamans and papas are always doing that.\" \"Gross!\" Eric stuck out his tongue. \"Oh, I remember now. I had one, but then I gots a new mama,\" I said. \"Guess I forgot to get a new papa too.\" \"You should ask your maman to find a papa,\" Christine suggested. \"Hey, I bet Blu could be my new papa! He always with Maman and making her happy, and she's always kissing him, and sometimes he kisses her. \" \"Don't be a dummy,\" Eric said, \"Blu can't be your papa.\" \"Why not? You just said-\" \"Cause he's not like you, that's why!\" Christine bopped him on his head. \"Don't be mean, Eric, not everyone looks like their maman and papa. Andre doesn't look nothing like his papa.\" \"You know what I mean!\" he shouted, rubbing his sore head. \"I meant cause he's not a real grownup.\" \"What you talking bout?\" Josephine asked. \"A course Blu's a grownup. He wears clothes and shoes and a hat like all the other grownups. And he gots a grownup job too.\" \"But he's got a blue face. Have you ever seen anyone with a blue face before, Josie?\" Eric stated. \"He's also gots big yellow eyes and those funny things on his face. And you ever seen him talk? No! That's cause he only makes clicky noises.\" \"Blu just talks different,\" I argued, not liking how he was talking about my best friend. \"Eric, you're being really mean. So what if he doesn't look like and do stuff like all the other grownups!\" \"Detta, Eric does gots a point,\" Christine said. I looked at her and she was nervous, twisting her skirts like when she doesn't know what to say. \"I heard my maman talking to my papa bout it one time. They said he's really a big bug and that he scared lots of peoples a long time ago.\" \"You're lying! Blu would never do that!\" \"It's true, it was even in the papers grownups read,\" Christine added, which only made me madder. \"We're not trying to be mean, but…\" \"That's dumb! Blu is Blu. And I don't care what you all say, Blu is the bestest grownup I know. And I'm gonna ask Maman if Blu can be my papa!\" I was mad. I didn't want to play anymore. How could I when my so-called friends said such mean things? So I ran and almost tripped on a pigeon as I made my way to Blu. I grabbed his leg, making him put aside his guitar and pick up. He set me in his lap, purring and looking worried. I didn't tell Blu what happened, and I made sure I didn't cry. How could I tell him all the mean things everybody had said about him? Well, actually, I couldn't tell him anyway since Blu doesn't always understand what I say. Most grownups don't understand anything babies say. However, I think Blu noticed I was upset anyway. He gave me a sad face but didn't try to ask me what happened. He just picked me up and we jumped back home. For the rest of the day, no matter how hard I tried, I couldn't stop thinking about what my friends had said. Blu couldn't be a bug. I'd seen bugs before and Blu doesn't look like them. Bugs were little and Blu was super big. And bugs couldn't play guitar or dance or sing. Then again, there were some things I never really noticed before. For one thing, Blu really didn't look like any other person. I had seen grownups and kids with different colors skin but none were a color like Blu. And those funny looking things on his face, nobody else had them. Some grownups had fuzzy things on their face, but they didn't move. Also, Blu sometimes wore stuff so nobody could see his face or arms. Whenever we went out of the house he always wore those funny gloves and a hat, but not his mask. He only wore that when he and Maman would sing. Though why would he need to wear a mask? Was it like when Maman wore her wings, or was it cause of something else? I decided to investigate. Later that night, after Maman and Blu came back to their room after singing, I started to really watch them. They were getting ready to go home. First Maman took off her pretty feather wings and changed behind the small paper wall. While she did that, Blu removed his hat and mask. He also took off his jacket and gloves. Funny, Blu doesn't wear those things when we're at home. He wears shirts Maman made special with extra sleeves for his hands. I guess I'd never noticed it before, but Blu does have more hands than other people. That doesn't mean my friends were right about Blu. Right? When Maman was done dressing, she sat at her mirror table. As she started to brush her hair, Blu walked picked something up from her table and walked over to the couch. When he sat down, I could see that Blu was playing with Maman's pretty comb. I tried to climb up so Blu picked me up with his other hands, and sat me in his lap. As Blu played a pretty tune on the comb, I noticed something else. I grabbed ahold of Blu's hands and looked at his fingers. Then I looked at my own hand. I had more fingers than Blu; he had more hands but not as many fingers. That was odd. I wonder how he could wear his gloves if his hands were so like that? I guess I was pulling too hard because Blu tried to take his hand back. I kept a tight hold and held up my own hand to show him what I found. That just made Blu chirp. \"Hey, what're you two up to over there?\" Maman laughed and walked over to us. I showed her our hands. Maman pursed her lips. \"What's wrong, Odetta? Is there something on your hands?\" I shook my head and showed her again, but she wasn't getting it. This is where I wished I knew more grownup words. It's frustrating not being able to tell grownups what I want. Why can't they just talk like babies? It would make everything much easier. \"Odetta, what are you trying to say, sweetie?\" Maman looked to Blu. \"Have you any ideas, Francœur?\" Blu shook his head. He tried pulling his hand away but I wouldn't let him. When he chirped sharply at me, I finally let go. I then held up my hands together, and before he could pull away, I grabbed Blu's other hand and held them up while shaking my head. They still weren't understanding me. I had to try and say it so they could understand. Not easy when you don't know a lot of grownup words and only have a few teeth. But I had to try. \"No dame.\" Maman spoke. \"What?\" \"No dame!\" I held up our hands one more time. \"No dame!\" Maman studied our hands, her eyes getting all crinkly. Then they snapped wide open. \"Oh, no same ? Is that what you're trying to say? Something is not the same?\" I nodded. Finally, we were getting somewhere. \"Why?\" Before she could answer, there was a knock and the door started to open. \"Lucille, there are some guests who want to meet you, Honeybee.\" We all turned to see Auntie smiling before she disappeared behind the door. Maman just smiled and patted my head before leaving with Auntie. I had to wait until we got back home before I could ask my questions again. It took everything I had to fight off sleep while Maman readied me for bed. When Maman started dressing in her nightie, I slipped from her bed and made my way to Blu's room. If I couldn't get Maman to understand, then maybe Blu would. Lucky for me, the door was cracked open so I didn't have to nudge it too hard. I was about to call out when I stopped. There was Blu, standing in front of his bed. I had caught him while he was getting ready to go night-night. He had on his stripy bedtime pants but his shirt was in his hands. I couldn't believe what I saw! Blu was different! His skin looked more like the armor worn by knights from the books Auntie Maude reads me sometimes. There were also large spikes along his back. They looked really sharp! And while I had seen his arms before, I couldn't believe what I saw. They were thin like twigs and were covered in spikes too. And then I looked down I could see his feet. I'd never seen Blu's feet before. They were so weird! Two long claws instead of toes. I stepped back and the floor squeaked. I looked up and Blu was now turned toward me. He stared at me. I stared back. I just didn't know what to think. Now that I saw him, I couldn't deny it. Blu wasn't a person. Peoples didn't have four arms and spikes on their backs. They didn't have those clacky things on their faces. No one had any thing like that except bugs. My best friend was a bug. A giant bug! Blu looked really surprised when he saw me. He started to walk over, but I shouted out to make him stop. I didn't want him coming near me. He was a bug. Bugs don't really bother people but who knew what giant bugs would do! He could squish me or bite me or stick me with one of those spikes. I wanted to run. Run out of there and back to Maman. She'd protect me. She would… Blu looked very sad. He was sad because I was scared. I was scared of him. When had I ever been scared of Blu? He was my best friend. He would never hurt me. He cared about me, and took care of me. He looked after me when Maman was away. He helped us get better when Maman and I got really sick, and he stayed with me when Maman took longer to get better. Blu wasn't something to be afraid of. He was someone I could always count on. Okay, so Blu was a big bug, but he was still Blu. He does all kinds of things. The little bugs don't do any of the things Blu does. He was special. He could sing, dance, and play music. He went shopping with Maman and me in the market. He sometimes cooked and he always washed the dishes. Blu also could jump high as the clouds, had eyes that glowed in the dark, and he could do all sorts of things with his many hands. Blu may be a bug, but that didn't change the fact that he was still he best friend in the whole world. And now my best friend was sad because, for a moment, I was scared of him. I had to let him know I wasn't scared no more! I ran up to Blu and he caught me in time to swing me up into his arms. He seemed really scared at first, like he didn't want to. But once I gave him a big hug he calmed down. When he pulled back, Blu looked like he had a question and made a funny purring sound. I just hugged him again. \"Francœur, have you seen- What's going on?\" I heard Maman say. I peeked my head back to find her standing in the doorway. She walked over looking really scared. Boy, that sure was happening a lot tonight. \"Is Odetta alright? Did something happen?\" she asked. Blu shook his head. He then carried me over toward a table, and began scribbling something on a piece of paper before handing it to Maman. She looked it over before looking at me. \"What's the matter, sweetie?\" Maman asked me. \"Did something frighten you?\" I shook my head. Then I pointed to Blu and me again, trying to say that word from before. \"No dame.\" Maman scrunched her face. \"No dame? Oh! You were saying something about that earlier, weren't you. What's not the same, sweetie?\" \"Blu no dame, Mommy.\" I held up my hands. \"Mommy me dame,\" then I patted Blu's face, \"ba Blu no dame.\" Suddenly, Maman's eye went very wide and her mouth went all small. She looked at Blu like she was scared before looking back to me. \"Odetta? Are you trying to ask why Francœur isn't like you and I?\" I nodded. Maman looked like she didn't know what to say. I'm used to this. Grownups always seem to have trouble saying stuff to babies. But it made me wonder. Just what was so hard that she didn't know how to tell me? \"Well… You see honey, Francœur is different because,\" she started to say, \"well because he's not a person like you and I; he's a flea. A bug. Do you understand?\" I nodded again. \"Bug.\" \"Yes, that's right,\" Maman continued. \"But of course, he's not like other bugs. He's much bigger, and he does things that people do.\" \"Why?\" I asked, now really curious to know. I could tell this was gonna be a story, and I love stories! \"See, a long time ago, Francœur was like any other flea. He was so tiny you couldn't even see him. He even used to live in the Professor's greenhouse, right on Charles' back.\" The Professor? Who… Oh, I think she was talking about the funny man with all the plants and the monkey. I like the monkey. He thinks he's a person and wears clothes and talks on paper like Blu does. But the plant man, Maman had told me about him before. He played with funny stuff that made different things happen, mostly to help plants and stuff grow. But what did plants and monkeys have to do with why Blu was so big? I turned to look at my big friend. He seemed unsure about something, so I turned my attention back to Maman. She went on to explain how one night, while my uncles were bringing plant food to the plant man, Uncle Rahul started playing around and accidentally made a potion that made Blu big. He ran away and started exploring the city. The world was so new, but sadly, many people were afraid of Blu. I cuddled Blu then. It was my way of saying sorry for being scared of him. He hugged me back and we listened as Maman talked about when she first met Blu. \"Well, I was in my dressing room when I heard the back doorbell ringing.\" Maman suddenly laughed and looked at Blu. \"You rang that bell incessantly. It was so frustrating that I opened the door too hastily, and knocked you into the alley.\" Blu laughed too. Then Maman continued, \"Only, it wasn't so funny then. I worried I'd hurt you, and ran to check to make sure you were alright. Who would've guessed the person I thought a helpless beggar was actually a seven-foot flea in chapeau and cloak? I think I actually fainted on the spot, didn't I?\" Blu nodded and I must have looked surprised. How could I not? Maman and Blu had always been together as far as I knew. It was hard to imagine Maman fainting at the sight of him. I wanted to know what happened next! \"Well, Francœur caught me and when I awoke… I slapped him and ran back inside.\" I gasped. \"Odetta, don't worry. It was only because Maman didn't know Francœur then. Like many other people, I was frightened too. I had read about the Monster of Paris terrorizing the city, though I didn't believe it…until he was at my doorstep. So I ran back and locked the door. I was so frightened by everything that I couldn't move from where I was sitting. It was not until I heard a soft, angelic voice singing. I looked out the little door window and saw Francœur, sitting against a wall in the pouring rain. I couldn't believe my eyes, but sure enough, he was the one singing. And the song he sang, oh, it was such a sad song. It broke my heart to hear it. Then I realized, this was no monste,r but an intelligent creature with a passionate heart.\" I watched Blu smile and I could have sworn I thought his cheeks changed color. I think he was embarrassed about the way Maman talked about him. She only smiled and took ahold of one of his hands. \"So, after that, I grabbed a spare umbrella and went back outside. Francœur was surprised when I held the umbrella over his head but I just smiled. I then asked for his name, but of course, Francœur does not speak the same way we do, something I found interesting despite how well he sings. So, having a need to call him something, I spotted a sign reading 'Passage Francœur,' and asked if I could called him that. I think it was that moment when we became friends.\" That's when Blu chirped. He smiled and moved another of his hands as if to tell Maman to keep going. Well, she might have too, if I hadn't yawned really loudly at that moment. I tried to shake it off but Maman said it was time for bed. It had been a busy day, and I needed to sleep. Though I wasn't done fighting! I insisted that both Blu and Maman tuck me into bed. Blu carried me back to mine and Maman's room. He set me down in my crib while Maman tucked the blankets around me. She kissed my forehead and then moved back so Blu could tuck my teddy bear next to me. Once my teddy was snuggly, and before Blu could move too far away, I reached up and gave Blu a big kiss on his cheek. I laughed at his startled look, but then he smiled and kissed my cheek too. The last thing I saw was Maman and Blu bidding each other goodnight. The sight made me happy. Because I knew. I knew this was my family. We may be a little different, but that didn't matter. I think we are great just the way we are. Just me, Maman, and Blu. Everything was perfect. Well… Almost perfect. I still had to ask Blu to be my papa. ","Summary":" AN: Okay, I admit it: I have joined the fan group for this amazing movie. Seriously, such a good mo"},{"Movie":"Valentine's Day, 2010","Title":"Taylor for Taylor","Author":"FearlessSwiftie13","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9179779","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1: Dylemma (Dylan and Emma) *Taylor Swift was sitting there on her bed, cuddling her cat Meredith while watching Law and Order with her friend Emma* \"Emma, I had the greatest idea for a song,\" said Taylor still cuddling her cat. \"What is it, Tay?\" asked Emma enthusiastically. \"Well, you know how I've been single for almost 5 months now, and have no inspiration for any love songs at the moment, so I wanna write a song about yours!\" Taylor said ecstatically with a huge smile spread on her face. \"No, no, no, no, no, no! You will absolutely not!\" Emma exclaimed as she threw a pillow on a very giddy Taylor laughing on her bed. \"Taylor, just because your love life is nowhere to be found right now, doesn't mean you can write about mine and Dylan's!\" Emma said giggling but at the same time yelling. \"Oh shut up Emma! My love life isn't 'nowhere to be found', okay? And for the record, I thought of calling the song 'Dylemma,' get it? Dylan and Emma: Dylemma? It's a freaking cute name! That should totally be your couple name. Anyway the song is already written so…\" \"Taylor? Dylemma? Seriously? I mean it is kind of cute but you already wrote the song?!\" Emma asked rolling her eyes and then taking Meredith from Taylor's arms. \"Yes Emma, I did. In fact, let me sing it to you.\" * That foggy morning on the beach, nothing quite seemed out of reach, until you came along, until you came along… And everything was at peace; in fact I was totally at ease, until you came along, until you came along…. We hit it off, hit it off before I even knew it, and I loved, oh I loved, whatever you were doing and I wish, I wish, that moment would've lasted forever, because now you're my dylemma. Now that, we're finally together, everything kind of seems better, because you're mine, because you're mine… And let's make this last forever, because I don't wanna ever have to say goodbye, now that you're mine, now that you're mine…We hit it off, hit it off before I even knew it, and I loved, oh I loved, whatever you were doing and I wish, I wish, that moment would've lasted forever, because now you're my dylemma.* \"Well that's all I've written for now. I've got to work on the bridge and tweak the lyrics a bit. I didn't do that yet because then I would find myself loving this song and if you wouldn't give me the permission to release it, I would have to stop talking to you.\" Taylor joked. \"Oh God, Taylor! I love this song! Why do you do this to me? Ugh. I don't want you to release a song about my relationship, but I love this song.\" \"Haha Emma, don't worry. I wouldn't release a crappy song about your relationship anyway. I was only joking. I just wrote this song for fun for you. If you want, I can record it and you can keep it. Or better yet, record it yourself? I wouldn't release a song about someone else's relationship. That's like totally going against everything I stand for,\" Taylor smirked. \"Ha-Ha Taylor. How very funny. Well I'm glad you're not releasing it because that song was shit.\" \"Sure it was.\" Taylor said sarcastically, taking Meredith back from Emma.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2: It's Possible *The next day Taylor and Emma are at Emma's friend's 21 st birthday party.* \"So are there any cute boys about?\" asked Emma. \"Emma, you're in a relationship.\" Taylor rolled her eyes at Emma and said, \"You should go find Dylan.\" \"Ugh come on Taylor! Let me have some fun. Oh wait, I should probably stop focusing on me when you're the one who needs help. Let's find a smoking guy who you can hook up with,\" smirked Emma. \"Emma, stop it. I don't wanna 'hook up' with any 'smoking guy', okay?\" Taylor laughed. \"But, that guy there is kind of cute,\" Taylor smiled. \"And he's totally staring at you!\" Emma giggled waving at the guy. \"Ugh shut up!\" Taylor said, putting her hair behind her ear, and smiling innocently in his direction, \"He is totally not!\" * Emma walks over to the guy* \"Hey there, you see that cutie over there? That's my friend, Taylor Swift, and I couldn't help but notice you looking at her! So let me help you out, make the move because she thinks you're cute and I know she's interested, so go for it.\" Emma said smiling and then walked away quickly before Taylor saw her. \"Uh, thanks?\" the guy yelled back. *Taylor is there in the kitchen having a drink while admiring some art on the wall* \"You like grape juice?\" the guy smirked, soon in his head regretting what he just said. \"Huh?\" Taylor looked around curiously and then finally looked at him. \"Oh, no, not really.\" She looked at her feet and smiled. \"I'm Taylor, Taylor Lautner.\" The guy said extending his hand towards her. Taylor's eyes widened as she looked at him, she soon giggled. \"I'm Taylor, Taylor Swift.\" She giggled. \"I know exactly who you are,\" said the guy, \"you're the girl who wrote Love Story. Man, I love that song!\" he laughed. \"Oh thank you!\" Taylor smiled. \"Well we have the same name, we're both incredibly good looking, and you're the writer of my favorite song, so I guess you're perfect?\" \"Oh my,\" Taylor laughed. \"How about this,\" the guy said, \"to avoid further confusion, you can call me Tazer. That was my nickname in junior and senior year of High school, don't ask.\" \"Ahem,\" Taylor giggled, \"Tazer?\" she suddenly burst into laughter. \"I'm sorry, the name brings back memories.\" \"What memories?\" Tazer asked. \"Don't ask.\" Taylor replied. They both burst into laughter. \"I should get going, my friend Emma's probably waiting for me.\" Taylor said awkwardly pointing to the door and started walking away. She bumped into a plant. \"Oh that was embarrassing, ha-ha, bye.\" She blushed and left. Tazer just laughed. \"Is there any chance you'd like to have dinner with me some night?\" Tazer yelled. \"It's possible!\" Taylor yelled back. *Tazer poured grape juice for himself and started smiling. He couldn't stop thinking about her and she couldn't stop thinking about him* ","Summary":" Chapter 1: Dylemma (Dylan and Emma) *Taylor Swift was sitting there on her bed, cuddling her cat Me"},{"Movie":"Valentine's Day, 2010","Title":"A loved one in LA","Author":"Sabbi.Dk","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7926938","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I do not own anything. I apologize if this first chapther( im planing on making it more than one chapther, if anyone like it) seem to similar to the movie(it thats not allowed on ,then please tell me. : D ) There may be errors with grammar, Grammatical tense(past,future and such things) ,a few spelling mistakes and where commas (this \",\") should be because English is not my first language. Anyway enough of my babbling. This is my first story on and i hope you like it. On a plane to Los Angeles. A voice was heard over the speakers on the plane troughwards Los Angeles on February 14th. \" Good morning everyone. This is your captain speaking. Hope you had an opportunity to get a little rest. we also wanted to wish everyone a happy Valentine`s Day. \" Holden Wilson was asleep in his seat. The captain was heard over the speakers again. \" we've still got another six hours before we reach our final destination of Los Angeles... Where the weather is expected to be warm and sunny after a three days of rain.\" Holden squinted as the sun shined in on him from the plane window and hit his eyes. He was dressed in a suit with a black vest and blue shirt. Someone, most likely a stewardess had placed a blanket over him and the woman beside him. Holden raised his right arm from the blanket and tried to reach the window and pull down the curtain. He couldn't reach it, and the woman beside him was asleep on his shoulder. So he then,while sticking out his tongue,lifted his left leg to try and reach it with his feet. He almost had it,when the woman next to him woke up. \"what are you doing?\"The woman said surprised. \"im sorry, i was just trying to close the window\" he put his foot back on the floor. Holden sat up properly in his chair. \"im sorry\" She said. \"for leaning on my shoulder?\" he replied. He looked friendly at the red haired next to him. She was a soldier. He could tell by the uniform,she was wearing. \"on an 14 hour flight thats the least i can do\" He said She didnt reply. A few minutes later it turns out her name is Kate. She is a captain of the U. and in active duty. There was a few seconds of silents. \"You have a loved one in L.A ?\" Holden asked her, not if it was a husband or a special someone, but someone had to be the reason,she would be home for this day. again Kate didnt answer, Holden took a deep breath. \"well I`m sure he will be happy to see you.\" Holden said. Holden trought of Sean. A week ago,he himself had a loved one in LA too. They had had an argument and the outcome was that Holden had broke up with him. He had seen Sean`s last football game and knew the media was going to be after him for a while. He didnt know if it was the break up, that had influenced Sean `s game or not,but Holden felt sorry for him because of the game. The thought of his once loved one made him look down on his hands,Holden bit his lower lip. Kate only was in LA for one night, it turned out. \"fourteen-hour flight both ways just for one night, thats commitment \" Holden looked at her smiled and nodded. Again it made him think of Sean. Commitment was,what he had been missing from the short blond haired ex boyfriend of his. \"your on facebook?\"he then said with a smile. Kate smiled & laughed. She wasn't quite the talker,he thought to himself. Mainwhile. It was warm,that February morning in Malibu. Sean Jackson were on his way home from his run on the beach. The last few days of rain had stood in the way of his daily run on the beach, which lay directly in front of his house. The rain had not affected Sean so much. It had fitted fine with his mood for the last couple of days. Sean ran through the sand up to his house by the sea. He was only wearing a pair of black sweatpants and white jogging shoes. Sean had disappeared into his own thoughts. He didn't even looked at his neighbor,who were doing arobic with a few of her friends on arobic balls,when he ran by. He began to slowed down as he reached his terrace. Minutes later he walked out of the shower in his bathroom with a towel around him, he could hear his bedroom TV from there . He heard the female news reporters words : \"With football season officially over,the only question is what will quarterback Sean Jackson do? \" He walked over to the sink and took his toothbrush. Sean began to brush his teeth. The voice was heard once again. \" a devastating loss in the championships game last week leaves his future in question.\" A few seconds later, Sean spotted the second mug at the long basin, where Holden `s toothbrush still was remained. \" at age 35, hes one of the oldest quarterbacks in the league...\"... \"35 wasnt old, and he wasnt that bad, he just had a really bad game\" Sean trought . His head had been somewhere else in the past week, and it had influenced on his playing skills. But by now Sean had stopped to listening to the TV and reached out for Holden`s toothbrush. Sean missed him alot but he was pretty sure that Holdnt wouldnt be coming back. So he picked it up, looked at it and threw the purple toothbrush in the trash. Sean went into the bedroom and looked at tv screen, the news reporter was still talking about him. There was showing a footage of him signing autographs at practice two weeks ago, and the text down in the corner next to the channel's logo was : Sean Jackson retire?. Sean walked closer to the tv and looked irritated at the screen .[Chapter 2] im sorry if this chapther & how Holden and Sean meet seems unrealistic or cheesy. I have so difficult figuring out ideas to why they will broke up. any ideas? please tell me or else i hope you will like what i end up writing in chapther 3 . Again gramma and stuff are not my strongest side in writing. The sun rises and sets every day just as life has its ups and downs, but there are always a new day tomorrow after yesterday's difficulties. Sean thought to himself as he walked out on his balcony terrace that sunny February morning in 2011. Sean looked at the place on the beach in front of his house where he had meet Holden for the first time. There weren't many people on the beach that day. He could just imagine how it had looked the year before when he had meet Holden and Kara down on the beach. Sean had never been a big poet or philosopher but he (just as everybody else) knew that life wasn't simple even if people thought you had everything just because you had fame. But fate or something so simple as running your daily run on the beach and meeting your publicist and closest friend Kara on that one run, can lead you to the person that you belong with. That was what happened to Sean. February 2010(one year earlier than the movie is set). \" Hey \"Kara waved to Sean, who was running in her direction. \" I can't come to you \"I hate valentine's day \"party I'm sorry, I have to work tomorrow. But I promise I will come next year if I'm still single by then\" Sean head the tall man with the short brown hair say just as he close enough to hear their conversation. Not that Sean understood why Kara`s friend would be single, because he was quite handsome. \" Hey Kara\" Sean greeted her, as he reaches her and her friend by the sea. \" I'm Sean,\" Sean friendly reached a hand out to the man beside Kara. \" I'm Holden\" Holden took his hand and shook it. \"your one of Kara`s friends?\" \" Yes I am\" Sean replied, the man did not know who he was, and Sean liked that. \" well I was nice meeting you Sean\" Holden smiled, blond haired man was properly out of his league even if the guy was gay, but Holden couldn't deny that he wish he didn't have to leave and properly never meet Sean again. \" Nice meeting you to Holden \"Sean smiled his most charming smile. \" Kara I have to get back to work, but I will talk with you later all right?\" \" Sure I call you later\" Sean looked after Holden who walked up the beach and disappeared behind houses at the beach. \" Should I set you two up on a date?\" Kara asked. Sean turned his head again from where Holden had disappeared and looked shocked at Kara. \" Doesn't worry he is just like you, and he can keep a secret, I promise.\" Kara said and smiled at him. Sean looked at her surprised \" Sure if he wants to\" Sean said knowing Kara knew that Sean preferred to keep his personal life private. Sean snapped out of his flashback. Sean leaned his arms on the drums on his balcony just, as his neighbor asked him the same question for the thousand times. For the thousand and one time, Sean just smiled friendly and came up with an excuse for why he couldn't (and not the real reason why he wouldn't want to come over to her house, trough she probably would stop asking then) come over for a swim. Sean excuse today was that he had a lot going on, and truth be told he had, that and he was running out of will power, why wouldn't the woman just give up? He took his cellphone out of his jeans pocket and dialed Kara's work number. He had to talk to her about the media blitz that had begun on his career. But Sean didn't know if he wanted to save his career or just retire, because Sean didn't became a professional football player for the money or the fame, he did it because he loved the game. One thing he did know was that, he missed Holden and wanted to get him back. ","Summary":" I do not own anything. I apologize if this first chapther( im planing on making it more than one ch"},{"Movie":"Valentine's Day, 2010","Title":"Messed With","Author":"FanGirlOverTaylor","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8835987","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1 \"Seriously!?\" I shouted at Rick, the school clown, \"Can you just get a life and grow up?\" I said, while wiping the whip cream off my face, \"What kind of 15 year old put a cream pie in somebody's face?\" \"Umm... I do!\" Said Rick then laughing hysterically, I will never get that boy. After I cleaned myself up, I went to Emma, My best-friend and told her about Rick's stupid prank \"God, boys are so immature, speaking of them guess who got a date with Luke to the formal?\" She said looking excited \"Lemme guess, umm. YOU! Well done girl!\" \"I know! I am so happy!\" She squealed, \"So is anyone taking you?\" she said finally getting back to reality. \"No-one remember, done with boys, COMPLETELY\" I said, I am doing this because most of my past boyfriends have either cheated on me or dumped me and I have decided I don't want to be Messed With anymore. So I am setting aside all boys and getting on with my own life. \"You know that's a lie, Elyse, you're going to fall for somebody someday\" Emma said \"I know that, but I prefer it in the future not now, because boys only give you shit and I don't want that.\" I said speaking the truth, but clearly seeing that Emma does not get it. \"Elyse, sometimes they are like that but some boys are loving, caring, amazing...\" she said going into a daze like always \"Sorry\" she said finally snapping back into reality \"C'mon Elyse they can be like loving, give them a chance, stop living in the shadows!\" She said \"I will, I did just say that! Just not right now!\" I said, starting to get angry \"Ok, ok, Miss PMS. Now come on we need to get shopping for my dress!\" We start shopping and I see on the big notice board in the mall \"Want to meet Taylor Swift, or better yet a night with Taylor Swift? To enter go to .com!\" Then at that second I knew that today I am going to be a whole new different me, independent and well, just like Taylor Swift.[Chapter 2] As soon as I got home, I went on the website; I cannot believe that I could win that night with Taylor, It seriously would be a dream come true. But there is a downside to it, there are already 1,300,000 people and counting, which have entered, how can I compete with those girls? I don't have the beauty, which they have. I don't have the personality like they have. So in section where it says; \"Why do you think you have what it takes to win?\" I simply put \"My whole life surrounds Taylor, she is the reason why I think that 13 is not just a number that Red is not just a color or that fearless is when you fear nothing, but you know you're afraid but you go into it anyway.\" It sounds OK doesn't it? It can't get worse than that. Just as I was re-reading the submission for the 5th time, my cursor was on the \"Submit\" Button, I felt I was ready, I have a chance even though it is microscopic, I have a chance... (To Be Continued after New Years) ","Summary":" Chapter 1 \"Seriously!?\" I shouted at Rick, the school clown, \"Can you just get a life and grow u"},{"Movie":"A Monster in Paris Un monstre à Pa...","Title":"That's How We Are","Author":"Faeriessence","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9575874","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey there! First UMAP fanfic :) Why don't people make enough of these stuff? The movie got me so worked up 'cause several things that should have happened, didn't happen. Since AUs are a little strange to me, why not just work with what's there and create a sequel? XP Well, I hope it works out and I hope you enjoy. It's quite short for a first chapter but I'll have to leave it at that for now. Gonna have to think more about where this goes because I just wrote this cause I felt like it. Je ne sais, ne sais, ne sais pas pourquoi, on s'aime comme ça La Seine et moi… The song slowly reached a fading end and he finally opened his eyes, a bit groggily though. He realized that he was no longer staring at an endless forest of white fur. No. He was on a warm and comfy sofa, albeit a little small for his massive size and was living in her apartment in the great city that humans called 'Paris'. Francoeur couldn't help but think deeply for a while. It was strange to dream. Being so little back then, there was not enough room for such a thing. In fact, there wasn't even room for sleeping. When did he ever? Guess fleas didn't really need it. But life was different now. He could feel, he could think clearly, and…he could sing! Francoeur concluded that his current state was the best darn thing that ever happened in his entire existence. Then, there was the dream. Her voice was as haunting as it was beautiful. Even as he had awakened, the melody still continued to float in his head accompanied by that enchanting voice. The small living room, dressed in a quaint typical Parisian interior, was faintly lit by the bluish moonlight and the atmosphere was strangely dramatic yet a little eerie. Francoeur didn't know why he got up from the couch where he had slept and certainly didn't know why he found himself standing in front of her bedroom door. Slowly, and ever so silently, he twisted the knob. It was unlocked. To think, he had only known Lucille for a few weeks and she had so much trust in him. Wait. She probably wouldn't like it if she caught him sneaking around her apartment. Francoeur 's hand slid off the knob as he pondered at the thought. He looked back at the knob and brushed his fingers over the cold metal. Lucille is probably asleep. He wouldn't bother her. He wasn't going to touch anything. He just wanted to see her. With a slight deep breath, the giant flea twisted the round metal and opened the door. True enough; the cabaret singer was peacefully sleeping in the comfort of her warm bed. Francoeur came out from peeking behind the door to get a closer look. Her hair had been let down. He had never seen it this way before. The beautiful soft dark curls that framed her delicate features seemed to glow under the moonlight. She wore a dainty white lace gown that was covered all the way up to her stomach by a silk comforter. Francoeur didn't understand why but he had never seen anything more… alluring. He could just stand and stare for an eternity. He remembered that he once saw a scene similar to this. It was on a children's picture book that he had happened to find in Lucille's bookshelf. It was entitled \"Sleeping Beauty\". Of course, with a sight this beautiful, Francoeur couldn't help but take a step closer. Perhaps this was some form of infatuation but she wasn't just any other being to him. She was the one who looked past what the world thought was monstrous. She took him in when he was all alone. She was an angel- his angel. To him, she was beautiful, but not in the sense everyone would think is beautiful; he felt a mix of gratitude and happiness just looking down on that sweet face. The giant flea had moved all the way from the door to Lucille's bedside. He paused before bending down to brush her cheek lightly. Francoeur couldn't say thank you but he was thinking it as he smiled softly at her. The light touch had caused Lucille to shift unconsciously. The seven foot giant to immediately took a step back, afraid that she would wake up. Luckily, she didn't. Maybe it was time to head back. Francoeur quietly made his way to the door. As he did so, he noticed the things on Lucille's wall. They were sepia photographs in different sizes framed in intricate metal. This was the first time he has ever stayed this long in her bedroom so Francoeur couldn't help but go through all of them. They were all different but with one particular dark haired girl in almost every picture. Francouer guessed that it was Lucille. It certainly looked like her. There was one where she was just a little girl wearing a dainty dress. She had a sun hat on and a familiar little toy train in her hand. In another, she was a little taller, carrying some books in her hand and accompanied by other girls her age. They were all wearing the same thing. One photo seemed to be taken in the L'Oiseau Rare. It was Lucille in her white dress and Carlotta- who looked a little skinnier? This time, the singer's hair wasn't in a bun and fell around her shoulders with loose curls. Francoeur took some time looking at this one. Lucille certainly looked different with her hair down. Then he came to stop at one where there was a thin little boy pouting beside a little Lucille who was smiling mischievously. He guessed it was Raoul. Finally, after several minutes, he paused at one particular photo of a couple. The woman looked very much like Lucille but had a more slender face. Her hair was lighter but was just as beautiful. The man by her side had dark hair just like Lucille's. He had this sophisticated air to him; he looked well-taught. Francoeur could sense a feeling of great importance from these two. He couldn't say why but Lucille would know. He turned around to look at the singer who was still sleeping soundly. Francoeur smiled softly once more before turning around to leave. As he made his way through the hall, he noticed the window to his right. The glass was reflecting the face of a bluish creature with a pair of wide yellow eyes. It was funny to think that he quickly backed off when he saw his own reflection. Francouer looked at himself questioningly, tilting his head as he did so. His attention was soon diverted to what stood past the mirroring glass. It was the Eiffel tower. He looked on sadly (he didn't know why), before going back to the couch to lie down. Soon enough, sleep finally overcame him once more. Well, thats all for now. Reviews are welcome. :D But I guess there's not much for a first chapter. Au revoir![Chapter 2] I think I got carried away with the writing but it was mainly because I hoped to develop some character and to express how I imagine the place. I still hope you'd read and I pray you'd enjoy. Okay, this is probably where some shipping comes out :P The sun began to rise from its hiding place in the horizon. The sky-no longer a dark blue as it slowly faded into purple. It was only a matter of time before the city of Paris was painted in faint pinkish orange. Francoeur finally woke up. The air was cold but the warm light was comforting as it brightened the living room with a glow that almost felt surreal. The giant flea looked around his surroundings in wonder. This was the first time he's ever seen the world this way. The days had always started in gray since it was always so cloudy in Paris. But nothing lasts forever. The bright orb that rested just above quiet city made him curious. Once again, Francoeur was plagued with a familiar question. He didn't know what a lot of things were but Lucille would. That's what he always thought. He got up from the couch and walked to the bathroom. She had placed his clothes there- a pair of dark khaki trousers, a white linen shirt and a teal vest. His hat, scarf and coat were left back in the cabaret; so was his mask. Well, there was no sense in hiding his identity. After all, everyone in Paris knew who or what he was. The L'Oiseau Rare was practically a tourist spot because of him. Everyone wanted to see the great \"Monster of Paris\"- a title he was not very fond of but stuck. Francoeur took his time at dressing up for the day ahead. It was too early for anyone to be up and about so there was no need to rush. He eyed himself-paying attention to every detail as he put on every piece of clothing at a careful pace. As he had finished, he looked at his own reflection as if memorizing his blue face. He realized that he seemed to be the only one that looked like this. Was it a good thing? He went out of the bathroom and returned to the couch and sat down, waiting. There was not much to do as of now. Read? He could try? But the strange markings were still difficult to understand. Compose a song? Maybe he could do one later. Each composition was always done quickly. Francoeur turned to the door at the end of the short hallway. ... Lucille was greeted by the chirping of birds and the sun shining on her face. She frowned at the slight intensity of the light. The weather in Paris had been dreary for the past weeks that this suddenly felt new to her. The sun had drenched her room in a white light that bounced off the light yellow flower print wallpaper. She squinted with the thought of changing the colour scheme of her room sometime soon. Yellow was such a nerve-stimulating colour. She looked to her bedside where her small clock was placed. It was seven in the morning. Normally, the cabaret singer would have went back to sleep (because she wasn't much of a morning person) but she remembered that she had a guest. The singer yawned as she sat up to stretch her arms upwards. It was another normal day. Well, not exactly. Her thoughts turned towards her guest. Francoeur was alright living in Lucille's dressing room at the cabaret, but of course, no one was there to look after him; certainly not Aunt Carlotta who was always so squeamish. He needed someone to guide him and she seemed to fit the bill. Who else would truly understand him when it seemed that she was the only one he would look up to- figuratively speaking. Lucille slowly made her way to her own bathroom, but not before fully covering her window with the floral curtains that hung above it. After washing up she moved to her closet and picked out a light dusty pink gown. It had a skirt that cascaded down to her toes like a pink waterfall and multi-layered sleeves that lightly dropped to her elbows. She wrapped a large silk belt around her thin waist to complete the ensemble. Lucille brushed the mess out of her hair and twisted it into a clean bun and pinned it with a faux rose clip. She certainly looked like a rose but if you told her that, she would just smile and keep to herself. She didn't want to be so vain but she was hoping that someone in particular would like how she looked. She was certain she'd see him today since he always visited her in between deliveries. Lucille turned to the only photograph she had of him. That black hair that was swept up in a funny 'do never failed to be recognizable. She smirked lightly and shook her head at how funny he looked as a little boy. After putting on some light makeup, she walked to her door. Lucille held the knob, pulling the door open without twisting the round object. She noticed that it wasn't closed properly. The young woman frowned lightly but dismissed it. Meanwhile, Francoeur had spent his time idly scribbling down a composition. Lucille didn't have a piano in her apartment so he had to imagine the musical notes and how they sounded. It wasn't so difficult since music was a part of him, literally. \"Good morning, monsieur Francoeur.\" That smooth silky voice, tinged with mirth, was enough to catch his attention and he immediately looked up even as the sentence barely finished. That pretty face of hers poked out from the wall that blocked the view of the hallway. Lucille stepped out and smiled cheerfully at her enormous friend. Francoeur simply stared in awe but quickly snapped back to reality with a happy chirp. \"Did you sleep well?\" She asked gently, both hands together. Francoeur chirped again and nodded in return. \"I'm glad you did.\" Lucille said as she moved towards the kitchen area at the other corner of the room. \"Would you like something to eat? Perhaps a cup of coffee?\" Francoeur didn't mutter a sound as she went through her cupboards and cabinets. What was ' coffee' ? Lucille spun around and laid out a plate of crescent shaped bread, a glass jar of some shiny smooth stuff and some fruits on the small dinner table. \"I'm sorry I wasn't able to prepare much.\" Lucille rubbed the back of her head in slight embarrassment then her eyes widened at some realization. \"I do have some eggs though. I'll cook some for you.\" She turned to her kitchen once more and prepared the stove. She doesn't have to go through the trouble, really. She welcomed him to her own home after all. Francoeur quietly observed her. He paid attention to the way she just slid from side to side, moving to get some ingredients and putting them on the pan. She seemed to be very fond of dancing even if it was off-stage. Francoeur could hear the tune she was singing to herself. He didn't know the song but it sounded lovely. With a final twirl, Lucille sprinkled some salt over the pan. She looked towards Francoeur with an innocent smile. The giant flea chirped and smiled back. Who wouldn't? The singer noticed the piece of paper in his hand. \"What's that?\" She said as she moved closer. The giant flea had shifted a bit so she could sit next to him on the couch. Lucille brushed her skirt as she sat down and leaned to his side. \"A new composition? How long did it take you to write it?\" Lucille asked as she looked up at him with a smile. Francoeur smiled a bit before looking down to think. He lifted hands together. \"seven hours?\" Lucille replied a little doubtingly. Francoeur shook his head and pointed to the clock on the wall, one again, he held up seven fingers. After a while, Lucille understood. \"Seven o'clock.\" Francoeur nodded ecstatically. It was still eight in the morning. \"Wow. You sure are quick.\" Lucille chuckled lightly. \"Come now.\" She gestured for him to sit at the table. The two sat across each other, eating quietly. Lucille was not so mindful, just busy eating breakfast. Francoeur on the other hand was busy trying to eat. The food Lucille had laid out for him looked good but they didn't exactly taste the same way, although the eggs were okay. But almost nothing tasted as good as what he used to consume. Except for that soft sumptuous food thing she called \"meat\". The only reasons he ate his fill was one, he was hungry and two, he didn't want to disappoint her. All the while, Fracoeur kept looking up at her from time to time. He loved looking at her face. She was just so delicate. She had lovely white skin, rosy cheeks (that he preferred not to think about, because it made him hungrier) and such gorgeous eyes. Her hair was always so shiny too. How could something this beautiful be with something like… like him? Just like any creature with eyes and a thinking brain, he knew just as much about physical beauty. He realized that he didn't exactly fit the standard. Lucille suddenly realized she was being watched. She tried not to pay attention to it but it was a little strange. This was the first time eating with him alone. She never noticed him stare at her this long. It made her feel uncomfortable. Lucille self-consciously tucked a lock of curly hair behind her ear. \"Francoeur-\"She began, when suddenly there was a knock on her door. The giant flea looked at her questioningly. Lucille opened her mouth to continue but instead, shut it tightly, raising one finger to keep the thought on hold. She straightened her skirt before walking to the door. She looked through the peephole just in case. Her lips turned upwards in a smile and scoffed when she knew who was there. Lucille opened the door to reveal the person. \"Hello my radiant angel, you're looking lovely today. Just like the first time I laid my eyes on you.\" Raoul said as he leaned on the door jamb. He was trying his best to look suave at his attempt at flirtation. Lucille smirked and folder her arms. \"The first time we met, we were both completely covered in mud after playing in the rain. You said I looked stupid.\" \"Riiight.\" He replied slowly but continued in his usual fast-talk manner. \"Well, we were eight and by stupid, I probably meant lovely.\" Raoul pointed out as he recalled the said event. \"So, how is the big guy?\" Raoul immediately asked. \" He's-\" Lucille paused to looked at her enormous friend who was busy consuming the last of the sunny side ups. Francoeur noticed the two looking at him. Raoul happily waved his hand from behind Lucille. The flea quirked one eye brow and hesitated before waving back. \"Well, he's alright, that's for sure.\" Lucille turned back and nodded with a smile. \"Great!\" Raoul beamed. \"Hey, I was meaning to ask you… Um, see, I was wondering if you'd… like to go out? With me?\" He sounded awkward, slowly trailing off then picking up again while looking down half the time. Lucille paused for a short while as she stared at him before giving her answer. \"Yes. I would love to.\" She nodded cheerfully. \"When?\" \"Now.\" \"Wait. Now?\" Lucille asked. She turned her head to look at Francoeur who smiled back and waved a hand. She couldn't just leave him behind. At her own apartment. She quickly turned back to Raoul, making the giant flea tilt his head, puzzled by what the two were talking about. \"Yeah, you'll love the place. It's just by the Seine. Lovely restaurant. Just you, me… Well, Emille was planning to take Maude there and well you know how the little guy is and-\" Raoul began to ramble as Lucille cut him off.\" A double date?\" She sounded a little disappointed. \"Yeah, why not?\" Raoul replied, unaware of the expression playing on her face. \"It's our first date. Shouldn't it be more… private ?\" Lucille hoped he would understand. \"I know… But Emille, see, he begged me to go with them. Come on, the guy's pretty shy and you know, after we undoubtedly confessed our long term hidden love for each other..\" Lucille smirked when she this. \"I just thought you know, you would like to go?\" Raoul trailed off slightly. Lucille smiled but she remembered why she couldn't leave- not now. \"What about Francoeur? I can't just leave him behind.\" \"Ah, I thought you might ask. Here's Charles to take care of the situation!\" Raoul proudly presented the white monkey as he walked into the hallway, looking plain annoyed. He lifted a card that read 'Don't ask.' \"Ugh, are you sure, Raoul?\" Lucille raised a brow as she looked down at Charles whose mouth just formed a straight line. \"Yeah, of course I am.\" He replied confidently. 'No he's not.' Charles quickly flipped out another card. \"Oh come on, Charles, you got excellent people skills. That's how we became friends.\" Raoul insisted. 'You're talking to a monkey' Charles monotonous look said it all- he certainly had better things to do. \"Aww, Charles. So serious, it almost cracks me up! Now get in there!\" The poor monkey screeched in surprise as Raoul picked him up and threw him in the room. The white creature was thrown right in front of Francoeur who, all the while, was sitting in his dining chair. Unbeknownst to the two who were busy talking by the door, he was just looking at them. She was talking to Raoul. Francoeur didn't quite understand what they were conversing about especially because he was so quick at talking and kept his voice low mostly. He was a little surprised by the white monkey but recovered with a smile as he stared down at Charles who was busy gathering himself from the floor. \"Francoeur!\" That sweet voice never failed to get his attention. Just as quick as she said his name, he looked up. \"I'll be going out for a while. Charles will be here to keep you company. Don't go wandering off while I'm gone.\" Francoeur stared at her for moment then nodded. He didn't want her to go but he couldn't stop her. He also wouldn't. \"Don't worry. I'll be back later so we can go to the cabaret, okay?\" Lucille smiled reassuringly. Francoeur smiled once again and chirped. \"Charles, be good now, okay?\" Raoul called out, much to the proboscis monkey's annoyance. \"Alright. Take care you two.\" Lucille closed the door behind her. Francoeur faced the door. He wanted her to stay. He always felt lighter around her. And what was he going to do all day in the apartment? Write a dozen songs, he supposed. Charles looked towards the giant flea. He seemed to be in deep thought at the moment. Suddenly, the starting of an engine could be heard from outside. Francoeur jumped from his seat to the window to see the Catherine speed away on the stone street. He looked on until it was completely out of sight. Charles decided to join him by the window. The white monkey looked up at him and chattered softly. Francoeur tilted his head down to see him raising one brow. The giant flea turned away to stare back at the view. He understood what he felt right now. He felt some sort of sadness and disappointment seeing her leave. I hope you guys like it. :) Not much is shown but I guess we're going there. :P[Chapter 3] I'm sorry for a really late update. Well, I'm not exactly sure of how many people are interested but I am determined to finish this fanfiction. Also, as of now, I am really lazy so I apologize in advance if I have grammatical errors or weird choice of words. It's just that I've rewritten this chapter too many times because I just couldn't write it straight. Anyhow, I hope you guys still enjoy :) It was a miracle that the city of Paris was not greeted with gray skies in the morning. The day was fair, the air was cool and people outside, going about their business and daily routines. At least, for today, no one was going to worry about tunnels and drains overflowing. The Catherine curved past a corner and along the peaceful streets, leaving behind gusts of wind, much to the annoyance of some passersby. All the while, Raoul had been elaborating the numerous ideas he came up with recently. Half the time, he wasn't even paying attention to the road. Lucille simply nodded to every crazy dream while adding a few questions to sound interested. Seriously, after all these years, he should have known that technical jargon bored her, let alone make any sense to Lucille. But, there wasn't much to say on her part. She remembered that practically every time she had the chance to talk to him, they always ended up quarreling- mostly because it was too much fun not to. This time, Lucille decided to indulge the dreamer. \"You okay? Am I talking too much? I mean, I can stop talking if you want.\" Raoul turned to face her. \"Huh? Ugh. No, it's alright.\" She replied, chuckling in a raspy manner at the end. \"Oh. Huh, I'm still getting used to this whole new..relationship-thing. To be honest, back then, you always had more to say than I did.\" He smiled softly as he glanced back to his side. Lucille looked up and smiled back. Now that they no longer fight, she realized that Raoul could also be quite sweet even by just looking at her like that. \"Yes, because you knew that I was always right, no matter what you said.\" She couldn't resist interjecting. It was true that she always had the last say in every conversation (or perhaps argument). \"Hey, hold up! You weren't always correct. I just let you win.\" Raoul protested. He looked at her as the singer smirked, quite smug if you asked him. Yes. She was always right. \"Okay, most of the time.\" Raoul said as he rolled his eyes. The Catherine finally reached the restaurant by the Seine. It was quite popular before the floods started but had closed down for a while due to some electrical problems and issues with their plumbing. Now that the weather was starting to get better, they reopened. The truck parked near the entrance to the café. Lucille could see Emile and Maude but they were too busy talking to notice their arrival. Raoul got out first, and then went round back. As Lucille step out of the truck, her attention was soon diverted to the sound of rummaging at the rear end. \"Raoul. What are you doing?\" She quirked an eyebrow as she said so. Lucille made her way to where he was at. Her boyfriend seemed to be too occupied to give a reply but her question was soon answered by what appeared to be Raoul's 'new' coat. \"Pour l'amour de Dieu, please tell me you are not wearing that to the restaurant.\" Lucille sighed- a little irritated by the exuberant inventor's persistence. \"What? I made it myself.\" Raoul said when he finished buttoning himself and jumped off the vehicle. \"Oui. I can see that. Now take it off.\" Lucille quipped. \"Nope. Not a chance.\" \"You look like you are wearing a carpet.\" \"Funny you should mention that…\" \"Raoul, you may be able to sew but it still looks ridiculous. Just take it off.\" The exasperated look on Lucille's face was soon replaced with an amused one. This was just like his straw coat. Poor guy. He looked at her and gave in. Just batting her eyelashes innocently was enough. \"Fine. But I don't tell you how to dress.\" Raoul said as he slipped off the fuzzy thing and threw it back into the truck. Lucille walked passed him with her head up and stopped just in front of the entrance door. \"That is because I- always look good.\" With both hand on her hips, the cabaret singer swayed to her right then looked back, almost flirtatiously. Raoul couldn't help but smile. … The restaurant, you could say, was small and quaint with its light damask wallpapers, French Baroque-inspired furniture and delicate accessories that filled it's cozy room. It was a good place to relax in the morning, not to mention it had a perfect view of the river Seine. The couple sat quietly as they waited. When it came to Emile and Maude, silence was sometimes just as good as talking. They were simply enjoying each other's company. There was absolutely no doubt about it as they were smiling the entire time without even having to look at each other. Reminiscing, Emile realized that over the past few weeks, they have grown quite close to one another. He had known her very well but it was a completely different perspective being in a relationship. Maude brought the porcelain tea cup to her lips when she sneaked a peak at Emile's camera bag that sat next to him. \"So, is there anything you're interested in doing lately?\" Maude smirked as she took a sip from her hot tea. Emile bounced at the question. He didn't quite get that as he was stirring his cup of coffee. \"Oh, ugh... What do you mean?\" He replied. \"I was looking at your brand new camera.\" Maude gestured towards it. \"You like making short films. What else do you plan to make?\" She folded both hands under her chin, as if to study him. \"Well. I haven't quite thought about it...Actually, I've been writing this script..for a movie. It's still a rough draft.\" Emile replied timidly, lightly chuckling at the end. \"Ooh! I'd love to read it.\" Maude beamed. \"It's still not finished. But I'm definitely thinking of letting you be the star.\" He added, smiling the sweet smile that he only showed to his dear Maude. Film-making was one thing that you could never take out of Emile. Sadly, he knew he had zero experience in the industry but he loved documenting on his camera and who knows, maybe that big break could happen someday. \"Me? Oh no! I'm- I'm a terrible actress, Emile.\" Maude protested in her usual soft, sweet manner. \"Why not Lucille? She's quite confident… and very beautiful.\" She said as she looked down at her tea cup. It probably wasn't the time to bring it up but then again Maude never talked about appearances. She didn't feel very fixated at the idea-it was rather a passing one but she did feel a little bit shy especially around the hit cabaret singer. She knew little about Lucille but enough to know that she was a natural star which made Maude think about her the moment Emile talked about the spotlight. \"What? But Maude, you're stunning! I mean, the most beautiful girl I've ever met. I don't think there's anyone like you. You'd still be perfect. No matter wha-\" Maude cut him short of his rambling by pressing her lips against his. She loved the sincerity in his words but the timing felt impeccable. Maude drew away, straightening out the collar she crushed in her hands. \"Now, that's the 'Emile' talking, not the film-maker.\" She playfully scolded. Emile coughed lightly all the while blushing due to the previous action. \" Well…Emile-\" He cleared his throat once again. \"I. Am the 'film-maker'.\" He retorted but somehow it still came out as timid. Emile smiled softly as she giggled in return. Once again, they became silent but he knew it wouldn't last too long as soon as he saw another couple approaching their table. … \"Here let me.\" \"No, my hair is just fine.\" \"Tsk! Says the boy who probably showered once a week!\" \"Hey!\" Lucille straightened out the strands that stood out of Raoul's 'do while he pouted and folded his arms. Despite how things changed, old habits die hard. \"Raoul, over here.\" Emile waved at them. \"Yep. There's my man. So didn't think he had it in him.\" Raoul commented sardonically. \" And I'm supposed to believe you're his 'wing man'?\" Lucille raised a brow at him. The two continued to walk towards their table where two empty seats were waiting for them. \"Good morning Emile. Maude.\" Lucille smiled warmly at him then nodded at Maude who was also smiling. \"I'm glad you two are here.\" Maude said, cheerful as she was. \"Well, it's a lovely day and I would love to get away from work and spend time with my most favourite people in the world.\" Raoul replied. \"By the way, Maude you are looking gorgeous in Aubergine.\" He added. \"Last time you said it was Eggplant.\" Maude murmured. Lucille rolled her eyes. Leave it to Raoul to do smooth-talking. \"Thank you for inviting us Emile.\" She finally said as they settled in their soft cushioned chairs. \"So how are you two?\" Lucille asked. \"Oh, we're fine.\" Emile answered as he and Maude looked at each other. \"Ugh, there's a new film they just released. We've been busy in the movie house, lately.\" \"Is that the one with the lizard that they pasted cardboard fins on? I swear, it was just a dessert iguana that they edited into the screen. They should really work on those special effects.\" Raoul commented. \"Um. No. It was a romantic movie.\" Emile replied. \"You mean that sappy cliché that just came out yesterday?\" Raoul grimaced. \"What are you calling cliché? I read the book. It's very beautiful.\" Lucille protested. \"No way.\" \"You're a man. You have a different point of view.\" \"How is Francoeur?\" The question froze her on the spot. She had almost forgotten that she left him in her home. A few seconds later, Lucille turned to look at Emile. \" He's alright. He's been doing well with…ugh. Adapting?\" She replied hesitantly, not sure of what to call it. \"Is it okay to leave him all alone?\" Maude asked. \"No. He's with Charles.\" Raoul answered. \"The monkey?\" She asked once again, sounding doubtful. \"I think I have more faith in the monkey than delivery boy over here.\" Lucille joked, bobbing her head to Raoul who in turn, nudged her upper arm with his elbow causing her to laugh right after. It didn't take long for the rest to join in the laughter and not long for the time to pass quicker. Yay :D so here it is. I've written other chapters but I still have to fix them...[Chapter 4] It was hard to believe that an entire day had gone by so fast. From breakfast in the café to an afternoon in the park, the light blue sky transcended to a dark shade of purple. Lucille, Raoul, Emile and Maud had spent the entire day in each other's company. Surprisingly, it was a lot more fun than they all expected and they all ended up laughing and smiling. The sun had finally set as Catherine returned to Lucille's apartment building. This time the truck was not as boisterous as it was when it sped through the streets that morning. It parked quietly by the sidewalk but despite that, it did not go unnoticed. ... How strange it is that time feels fleeting when you don't pay attention but feels painfully slow when you are watching. The white proboscis monkey had left a few hours earlier, raising a card that read 'need to go now' before it walked out the door. Francoeur stood by the large window, looking down at Charles who was in a hurry to go back to the lab. He couldn't say but the monkey successfully explained that the professor needed him that day and it was Raoul who dragged him to Lucille's apartment. Now the giant flea was left all by himself in the apartment. As calm as he always was, he sat in the couch and waited. Tonight was show time and as of late, L'Oiseau Rare had been packed with many customers- no doubt to hear him and Lucille sing. But she wasn't home yet so all he could do was wait. He knew she wouldn't forget. Francoeur understood how much Lucille loved being on stage. He also knew she loved Carlotta and the cabaret more than anything. It was just taking her forever to come home. Pieces of paper with scribbled musical notes were arranged messily on the coffee table. The darkening skies and the silhouette buildings just beyond the glass looked tempting but he held the urge to leap out, remembering that he promised her not to wander off. Then again, the scenery was so breathtaking. Francoeur went up to the window and turned the brass locks to open it. Now there was nothing that stood between him and the magnificent city. Closing his eyes, he breathed in the cool air. Everything felt peaceful and for a moment he forgot the growing restlessness. Suddenly, he began to sense movement from down below. Francoeur frowned slightly, recognizing the small faded laughter and talking. He opened his eyes and he saw the truck swinging by the corner. His mouth twitched into a small smile, knowing that she was finally back. The giant flea properly closed the window but did not leave his spot as he continued to look down at the Catherine. … Raoul turned off the engine. It was just him, Lucille and Emile in the truck. Unfortunately, Maud could not join them, saying that she had family over for dinner. The inventor went out first, going round the hood to the other side of the vehicle. Lucille opened the door and reached out to Raoul's hand as she got off. \"I had a lot of fun today.\" Lucille smiled. \"Still disappointed?\" Raoul replied, raising one brow mischievously. \"Yes.\" She said then continued. \"Because you forgot something.\" \"I did? Flowers? Darn. I should have picked up some this morning, I just couldn't-find…the time…to…\" Raoul's panic faded as he began trailing off, realizing that she was coming closer. \"No, not that.\" She spoke softly. This time her face was inches away from his. \"So it's not flowers, huh? What is it?\" He replied. \"Why don't you find out?\" Lucille said as she smirked. She was leaning closer now. Raoul realized where she was getting at as he mouthed out the word 'ooh'. Lucille rolled her eyes at how dense this man truly was. Without further hesitation, she moved forward and kissed him right then and there. Raoul felt surprised by the sudden action but quickly kissed her back, wrapping his arms around her as he did so. They stood there with their lips pressed against each other. Unfortunately for Emile, he had been standing right behind them this whole time. As sweet and beautiful as it was, it felt a little awkward. He looked away, trying to avoid staring. \"Wow.\" Raoul whispered when they broke off. \"I better go now. I don't want to be late for the cabaret.\" She said as she walked up to the door. Raoul remained glued to where he stood, feeling light headed. \"Um, Raoul?\" Emile finally spoke. \"Mhm?\" was all he could muster as he was still in a dreamy state. … Francoeur stood there at the window with a perfectly good view of what was happening below. He first saw Raoul get out. It was a little dark but he easily recognized him. Then the projectionist jumped down. Lastly, Lucille came out, stretching one arm to Raoul for support. The three stood there talking for a while. Unbeknownst to them, Francoeur had been quietly observing them. Out of plain curiosity and joy because Lucille was back. That feeling seemed to have faded as he noticed that she was moving closer to Raoul. Francoeur frowned as he leaned forward, wondering of what the two were talking about. But it didn't take long for him to realize what she was about to do next. A kiss. Lucille never told him of its significance but as time went by, you can bet that its implications were not that hard to figure out. After all, this was Paris. Despite knowing what it meant, Francoeur just didn't know what to think of it right now. It was such a mix of many things seeing her and Raoul this way. Yet there was no resentment. As innocent as it sounded, anger was something foreign to Francoeur. Unconsciously, he felt relieved when they broke off and soon after, there was a knock on the door that made him jump. \"Francoeur, are you there?\" He could hear her muffled voice just outside the room. She opened the door, smiling and beautiful (to him) as ever. \"I almost forgot. You can't talk.\" She giggled to herself. Francoeur still stood by the window as he saw her by the doorway. His expression was something close to hopeful. \"I'm so sorry for leaving you here all the day long. We just got…carried away. Are you alright?\" She said as she walked towards him. Francoeur chirped happily to let her know it was no problem and all the more because she cared to ask. \"Come on, we don't want to be late for the show.\" Lucille took one gloved arm and pulled him to the doorway. … \"Hey, Raoul.\" \"Yes, Emile?\" \"You do know why I invited you and Lucille, right?\" At this point, Raoul was back to his normal self. He had been moving around the Catherine, checking for any scratches and taking note of modifications he could do to his precious truck. \"Oh Emile, Emile. I know exactly why.\" Raoul replied smugly as he shut the back of his truck close. \"You do? Wait-what?\" Emile grimaced in confusion. \"I know how you are with the ladies. But personally, I didn't think you needed any help. \" Raoul answered truthfully. \"Um. No… Not really.\" Emile frowned. \"In fact, I spend time with Maud almost every day of the week. It's about you and…Lucille. I mean, I think-\" \"Wait-Emile.. You are looking at the lady's man of lady's men .\" Raoul spun around with a smirk on his face, looking quite please with himself that it almost looked funny. \"Huh?\" \"You don't have to worry 'bout me and Lucille.\" He continued tinkering with his truck. \"It's just that I haven't seen you spend much time with her lately. That's all.\" \"You know how it is. She's a busy singer with a whole lot on her hands lately, I have deliveries to do, inventions to make. You and Maud work at the same place.\" \"Well, that is true but- I'm just saying. You should visit her more often.\" \"Alright, I guess you're right. But I think we're just fine.\" \"If, if you say so. Just remember what I said.\" Emile trailed off. The door knob clicked open. Lucille came out followed by Francoeur. Raoul and Emile smiled, happy to see him. \"Hey, where's Charles?\" Raoul said, searching behind the massive flea. Francoeur in turn, didn't know how to respond to that so he shrugged. \"He probably left.\" Lucille answered for him. \"Oh.\" Raoul replied. \"Okay, we should get going then. You got a show tonight, angel!\" He said excitingly, placing both hands on her shoulders, guiding her to the front seat. Lucille climbed up the Catherine, followed by Raoul who went around to the driver's seat. Emile hopped in and scooted closer to the two, adding more room for Francoeur. \"Oh-oh. Sorry big guy, the front seat isn't going to fit all four of us. You'll have to sit in the back.\" By back, Raoul meant the dark confines of the metal cargo box. Francoeur stood, blinking. \"No, of course not, there's still enough room.\" Lucille insisted, shifting closer to Raoul. Emile also did the same. \"Okay, but it's gonna be a tight squeeze.\" Raoul replied doubtingly, knowing better than to start an argument. And with that, and an inevitable fuss between the singer and the inventor, they were off to cabaret. I have this slight feeling that I put too much writing in Francoeur moments. Tell me if its too much. :I[Chapter 5] Alright, so, it's a really late update and well, it's just that this chapter took a really long time to write. Mainly because I'm really busy and I tend to lose interest right away. Also because there happens to be two Vanessa Paradis songs in this chapter that I translated as accurate as I could without making them sound awkward. Honestly, I'm happy with the translations because I also matched them to the tune of the songs. It was an OC habit of mine and it was fun translating. I also realized it's longer than I normally write. Hope you still enjoy reading. Crowded nights at the L'Oiseau Rare had become regular. The reason? Undoubtedly the cabaret's favourite singing duo: The Angel and the Monster of Paris. It was an informal title, because for one, Lucille did not like it. Not one bit. She knew better than to call him that but people were not as considerate. It had circulated all over town until such time that it became sort of a stage name. Lucille had once comforted a sad Francoeur who eventually found out. She assured him that people often just had silly names for a lot of things that were not silly at all. … The Catherine parked near the back door of the cabaret; it was better to pass here in the alley rather than having to go through so many people-most of them, intrigued by the prospect of a large Flea that could sing. Back stage, Lucille had quickly changed into a white embroidered gown that was similar to her usual one but this time she carried with her a translucent veil that were draped on her arms. She kept her hair in a bun, preferring it that way. And she wouldn't forget her pair of feathered wings. Francoeur, was by her side, dressed in his usual white coat and trousers. His scarf was red and his vest and gloves, black-reminiscent of his old tattered clothing when Lucille first met him. To top it off, he put on his white mask and hat. \"Hurry up guys! You don't want to miss this.\" Lucille whispered as she gestured for them to hurry towards the curtains that concealed the back stage. \"What's happening?\" Emile asked as he huddled near Lucille and Raoul. Francoeur stood behind them with a good view thanks to his height. The singer did not reply, choosing to let the answer show itself. … The entire room went dim. Despite the obvious, Raoul was still wondering about was going on, pressing questions on Lucille who simply replied by shushing him. Francoeur squinted as he focused his eyes on the stage. It was dark but he could still see, although, barely. There was someone standing on the platform. He was positive it was a person by the shape. As quick as the flick of the switch, the stage lit up and just as he had suspected, there stood a young woman. She had long luscious blond hair side swept to the right and fair skin that complemented her red lips; eyes, light blue and eyebrows, arched. She had a mole on the lower corner of her left eye and a long straight nose. Indeed, the young woman looked very beautiful and more so in her delicate light blue beaded gown. \"Whoa. Who's that?\" Raoul asked, somewhat transfixed. Emile and Francoeur also seemed to have been caught under the same sort of spell. Lucille scoffed lightly at her boyfriend's reaction but dismissed any negative feelings. \"That my friends, is Brigitte.\" She finally spoke as she folded her arms, smiling knowingly. Raoul, Emile and Francoeur simply paused a moment to look at her then back to the stage. As the crowd quieted down, looking intently at the singer, she closed her eyes, taking in a deep breath before the guitar in the orchestra began to play. L'un sans l'autre c'est un incendie (One without the other, a fire) Un incident bien senti (A feeling strong with great desire) L'un se dit prt mourir pour l'autre, l'autre aussi (Said they'd die for one and the other, can't you see) L'un sans l'autre c'est un incendie (Separation strengthens their flame) Qui n'e'teint pas de la vie (One which life can never tame) L'un soleil, l'aurte lune (The sun is one, the other moon) L'un soliel et l'autre lune… (the sun is one, the other moon) The singer breathed in once more then swayed slowly. L'incednie (Oh, the fire) C'est l'un sans l'autre (When we're apart) L'incendie (Oh, the fire) C'est l'un sans l'autre (burns through my heart) Aaah-aaah,aah Aaah-aah,aah… Everyone had remained silent all throughout, not out of boredom, but because they were engrossed. Just like Lucille, she was a lovely singer, albeit her voice was stronger in contrast to Lucille's soft and silky quality. As the rhythm picked up, she began to dance to the song. Lucille looked around her to see that even her friends couldn't take their eyes off her. Francoeur stared intently at the singer, mouth slightly agape. \"She's good.\" Emile said. \"Where'd she come from?\" \"Well, she is actually a drifter from the south of France; came to Paris hoping to become a singer. Things didn't go as planned and she ended up inquiring for a job as a waitress here. But when we heard her sing, Auntie and I decided to give her a try.\" \"A drifter you say. She looks nothing like it.\" Raoul pondered. \"Yes. She said so but we only met three days ago. I have yet to get to know her and to introduce her to Francoeur. Apparently she does not know anything about him.\" Lucille replied. Upon hearing this, Francoeur really did hope that she did not know anything about him. He didn't need another human judging him. \"Yikes. Someone seems outdated.\" Raoul spoke wryly. Lucille simply rolled her eyes at the remark and continued on looking at the performance. L'incednie (Oh, the fire) C'est l'un sans l'autre (When we're apart) L'incendie (Oh, the fire) C'est l'un sans l'autre (burns through my heart) Brigitte glided on the shiny wooded floor with ease then continued twirling on the stage. \"Is this her first time?\" Emile questioned. \"Yes. I told her to just go with the flow and feel the music. She just turns out to be a natural.\" Lucille replied. \"Hmmm… You know not everyone can just 'go with the flow' and 'feel the music'.\" Raoul said sardonically. \"I said she was a natural. Some people just don't have it.\" She retorted, sounding slightly snobbish. \"Aww. You wound me, dearest.\" Raoul replied sarcastically. Lucille smirked then shook her head. The music finally ended and the singer had returned to center stage. As she bowed, the crowd roared, impressed by her performance. Brigitte remained poised, smiling. As the curtains closed on her completely, her composure fell and she let out a huge sigh of relief, looking up in a silent thank you. The new comer looked over to her right, grinning when she saw Lucille give her a thumbs-up with the rest clapping for her. Seconds later, Carlotta arrived, congratulating her on a job well done. \"You did well my dear. They love you!\" She said excitingly. \"Lucille, Francoeur, get ready. The show isn't finished without you two.\" Carlotta giggled as she left. The duo approached the new singer with Raoul and Emile trailing behind them. \"That was amazing.\" Lucille said with utmost sincerity. \"Really? I've never felt so scared in my entire life.\" Brigitte replied as she held hands with her new colleague. She looked at the group that trailed behind the professional singer; her stare lingering on the tallest one. \"Brigitte. This is Raoul, Emile and Francoeur.\" Lucille said, pointing out each one and stopping at her massive singing partner. \"Hey, nice to meet you.\" The blonde singer greeted, shaking their hands and stopping last at Francoeur. \" So, the great virtuoso. Lucille told me about you. I can't wait to hear you two sing.\" She said, grinning at him while he smiled sheepishly. \" And now for the moment you've all been waiting for…. \" \"Oh, Francoeur, get ready.\" Lucille said, handing him his guitar that had been sitting back stage. \"We'll be up there, watching.\" Raoul said as he, Emile and Brigitte left the back stage. \"Hey, so I've heard you're from the south…\" His voice trailed off as he and the blonde singer talked on the way to their seats. \"Alright. Phew.\" Lucille breathed out while she and Francoeur went behind the curtains. Despite the many times she had done this, she never failed to prep herself. She turned to Francoeur who stood right next to her. In turn, he looked down at her earnestly. \" Ladies and gentlemen, L'Oiseau Rare presents the lovely Angel, Mademoiselle Lucille, and the extreme virtuoso, Monsieur Francoeur!\" The crowd cheered as the curtains reopened. When they had quieted down, Lucille stepped forward then spoke. \"Good evening everyone. I hope you enjoyed the last performance, and now my partner, monsieur Francoeur and I will now sing to you a song we wrote together.\" The singer turned her partner, smiling. At that, the stage lit up in deep blue and a warm purple spotlight focused on Lucille with Francoeur sitting behind her with his guitar-ready to play. Strumming his guitar softly, Lucille waited for her cue. Tu demandais hier (You asked me yesterday) Mon avis sur le bonheur (What happiness means to me) L'air de rien voilà que tu t'inquiètes (Then you worry that it seems that way) La paix te ferait donc peur (What it means to be at peace) Lucille sang softly, closing her eyes and swaying to the sweet melody. Je l'attise cet amour (I kindle our flame of love) Les brindilles volètent (and as the embers glimmer) Tu n'y vois que du feu ( they'll dazzle you with their light) C'est sa vie secrete ( this secret life is mine) Pourtant...pourtant...pourtant (And yet… and yet… and yet) Francoeur sang along, as he played his instrument like the professional he was. When she finally opened her eyes, Lucille turned to her partner as she sang. In return, he looked at her with a soft gaze. Les mots sont, les mots font, les mots dissent (The words are, the words say, the words do) Les mots coulent, les mots roulent sur un fil (They will flow, they will roll on fine string) Moi, je laisse ces microbes, ces missles (I for one, leave the doubt and the trouble to) Aux bavards, aux poètes si possible ( to the gossip but poets, possibly) Oh...comme je t'aime quand tu t'expliques (Oh…I, love it when you explain) C'est drôle mais... (It's funny, but) Once the rhythm picked up, Lucille turned back to the audience. J'ai rangé les modes et les recettes (I put away the techniques and fashion) Incendié la boîte, mon Coeur (burning them down my heart) De ce petit sacrifice me reste (This little sacrifice stays with me) Un vertige, une chaleur (A dizziness from it's warmth) She took a quick glance at her guitarist. Je l'attise cet amour (I kindle our flame of love) Closing her eyes, Lucille continued. Les brindilles volètent (and as the embers glimmer) Tu n'y vois que du feu ( they'll dazzle you with their light) C'est sa vie secrete (this secret life is mine) Pourtant...pourtant...pourtant (And yet… and yet… and yet) Francoeur began singing the tune as she paused and swayed with their song. Soon after, she joined him in the melody. Tu sais, tu me demandais hier (You know, you asked me yesterday) Ma vision du bonheur (My vision of happiness) Eh bien, chaque jour elle est plus nette (Eh well, it grows clearer everyday) Il ne nous fera plus peur (It won't frighten us, no more) Je l'attise cet amour (I kindle our flame of love) Les brindilles volètent (and as the embers glimmer) Tu n'y vois que du feu ( they'll dazzle you with their light) C'est sa vie secrete (this secret life is mine) As the melody began to fade, Lucille walked towards Francoeur to sing the last words together. Pourtant...pourtant...pourtant (And yet… and yet… and yet) When the song was over, Lucille stretched out her hand to Francoeur who stood up and took it in his. They bowed as the once silent room cheered and applauded. The cabaret singer looked around, smiling and amazed at the many people cheering. She saw Raoul whistling and cheering while Emile and Brigitte clapped happily. Lucille looked to her side, to Francoeur who smiled at her. She failed to notice that he held her hand a little tighter when he did so. Once again the curtains dropped close. \"We killed it tonight, Franc!\" Lucille giddily tugged his concealed arms. \" There's my lovely angel! You- you were stunning.\" Raoul said as he walked briskly towards her then placing his hands on her hips. Brigitte approached them, grinning from ear to ear. \"Good Lord, that was great! You two make a really good team. I don't understand why people call you ' Monster '. Francoeur, you're more of an angel!\" She said in awe. Lucille looked at Francoeur just to be sure that the word didn't affect him but it turns out he was happy and smiling. \"I say this calls for yet another celebration. Let's go open up some champagne!\" Raoul said. \"Oi. The wine isn't for free this time. You'll have to pay for it.\" Lucille scolded. \"Aw, come on. This is your success we're talking.\" He pleaded as he put one arm around her. \"Well, you're the one who gave the idea.\" Emile stated. \"Hey, are you on her side?\" \"You know what, fine. We don't do this often, anyway.\" Lucille finally spoke, waving off a potential argument. They were all ready to go when she noticed that Francoeur did not move. \"Come with us.\" She said in a reassuring manner. Although a little hesitant at first, the giant flea smiled then followed. … Later that night, rain clouds had formed over the city, covering up the starry sky. It had rained harder than it did the past few days and no one had expected it, not after such a beautiful day. Earlier in the morning, people had hoped that this would be the end of the floods but it turned out to be a farce as the starry night grew clouded and small rumbling came. It had started out with soft pitter-patter but soon turned into a loud storm- raindrops heavily pouring down on the rooftops and pavements, flashes of lightning outside the windows and the familiar dreaded sound of thunder right after. There was no doubt that some people would find it hard to get a good night's sleep. Not even a giant seven-foot-tall flea. The change in atmosphere was nothing familiar. It made his heart pound and his body twitch every time light flashed and thunder came. Lucille once mentioned to him that rain pouring actually sounded soothing. But not this. It shot down like pellets. There he sat in Lucille's couch, clutching the bed sheet she had given him to sleep with. He had covered himself in it, holding it tighter when the sky roared once more. At some point, he had managed to tear small holes on the sheet due to the bristles on his back. All of a sudden, he heard another kind of sound. It was soft and despite the loudness coming from outside, he could still hear it. Footsteps. He pondered for a moment. But then his fear began to disappear, knowing exactly who it was. A yellowish glow came out of the hallway. Lucille came out in her silk nightgown, hair cascading down in soft curls and a small lamp in one hand. She smiled gingerly. \" You too?\" She said. The singer made her way to sit next to him, placing the small lamp on the coffee table. Strangely, she noted, Francoeur seemed to have tensed beside her. \"I can't sleep through all this racket.\" She spoke softly. The giant flea nodded in agreement. She took a side long glance at him, wondering about what was on his mind. \"Is it alright if I stayed here for a while?\" She asked. Francoeur didn't hesitate to nod in approval. Of course it was alright! If anything, he would have asked her the same thing (if he could talk). Lucille smiled then paused for a long moment, just comfortable that she had someone to be with at this time. A soft rumble that drew her out of her thoughts, gave her an idea. \"You know,\" she continued. \"I always hated thunder and lightning. They always go together and it's just awful at night. I was an only child so I had my own room and it was so scary when you're all alone.\" Lucille said as she stared at the window where water began dripping and sliding against the glass. Francoeur looked down at her, studying her solemn gaze. He realized that he knew what it felt like. He remembered that night when the world looked so new to him. That wasn't the scary part though, it was being alone and feared by everyone else. \"My mother used to sing me this lullaby. I still remember it clearly because I sing it to myself when nights like this happen.\" Lucille finally said then smiled. Francoeur realized what she was implying. Sing. It was the only thing they could do at this time of night and the one thing they shared very much in common. And honestly, Francoeur had hoped she would say something like that. As the sky lights up and sings thunder Do not be afraid, my dear For there is no danger Do not be afraid, I will be right here When light flashes on your tear-stained face Do not be afraid, my dear Because this storm will fade Do not be afraid, I will be right here There was always something quite magical to Lucille when she sang with him. It felt surreal. She had never told anyone about it and it rather showed itself on stage. People said they had chemistry. Yes, she and Francoeur were a perfect team. The sound of rain had drowned out though she could still hear it pouring. Lucille focused her gaze at him, and thought to herself. In the shadows, he looked every inch like the dark creatures in the stories. She had never looked at him the way she did now but she took this chance seeing as he was too busy staring at the sparkling drops of rain on the window. Lucille continued her observation. Her eyes landed on the spikes sticking out of his back then slowly moved up to his large eyes with piercing red orbs and lastly, down to his multiple arms. Normally, people would have been frightened and ran away, locking their doors behind them. Well, she'd be damned if she said she didn't do that the first time. But now… She couldn't recall what she felt that very night. Lucille knew it herself. She wasn't looking at a monster, a science experiment gone wrong, or an otherworldly creature. She was looking at…Francoeur. A wonderful singer with a pure, honest heart. Deep in her heart, she cared about him very much. Out of the blue, there was a great flash of light outside the window. Not a second later, loud thunder arrived, causing Lucille to jump in her seat, startled beyond belief. She jumped once again, a little less startled this time, as she felt something lay on her hand. The singer looked down, surprised to see his hand cover hers. She looked up, puzzled. The singer did not expect him to understand the situation and react this way. Yet, this was comforting. Instead of pushing away, she leaned a little closer, smiling to herself- wandering back to memories of years long gone. … Francoeur knew she was eyeing him. It made him insecure but he decided to pretend that he wasn't aware of her stare. He didn't feel any disgust from her though. At the corner of his eye, he could see the deep thoughtful look she had and even if she wasn't looking at him as if he was a monster, it was uncomfortable. After she looked away, he sighed to himself. When that dreaded noise came, he too couldn't help but feel frightened. Yet, he didn't hold her hand for his sake. Seeing her wide-eyed in shock, instantly brought out the need to console her. Francoeur was afraid that it may not have been his call but he grew at ease when she didn't push him away. So there they were, the angel and him, hand in hand, waiting for the storm to pass by. Francoeur smiled- unnoticeable in such poor lighting. There were few moments like this that he had always cherished. The relationship he had with the singer had never been difficult, despite the lack of words. He felt a sense of belonging. When the storm had finally come to pass, Francoeur looked down at Lucille who was leaning on his arm. She had already fallen asleep. She looked so serene when she was asleep. Francoeur smiled, scooping her up in his arms. He walked towards her room and tucked her in bed. Despite this, Lucille had remained unconscious. He pulled the comforter over her chest. As she shifted a bit in her sleep, some of her curls had fallen over her face. Without hesitation, Francoeur pulled her hair back, admiring the beautiful waves of auburn in his hand. Had it become a habit to watch her in her sleep? Francoeur caught himself, staring for far too long again. His face, hovering above hers; he couldn't bring it upon himself to move away. This felt strange but it was an emotion that wasn't new though it wasn't clear to him before. Without thinking, he bent down further and brushed his lips against her forehead. It was not so much as a kiss but he stayed like that for a while; lost in the softness of her skin. As good as it felt, it did not take long for his developing rational mind to snap him back to reality. Realizing what he had done, Francoeur quickly drew back and stood straight, surprised by his actions. He didn't even know what to call it. Immediately, he left her room, closing the door behind him. The giant flea laid down in the couch, covering himself in his blanket torn with holes. He stared at the gas lamp that Lucille had left on the coffee table, wondering as to what had come over him. And yet, despite dissecting his thoughts and coming up with possible explanations, the only thing that had not failed to wrap around his mind was her face. Francoeur could not find a reason as to why he was feeling the way he was that very moment. One thing he was certain was that something new was bubbling inside of him. An emotion he had no name for. Perhaps it had been there all along but had not hit him in the head till just now. All this thinking and confusion brought out a voice he had heard so many times but not in the way it sounded now. \"Lucille.\" And for the first time, he spoke. Simple, Francoeur, it's called... :) I've read some comments about their opinion on Francoeur and Lucille's relationship. So now, you people know what I think of them. Yeah, I'm sorry to the canon shippers. But Francoeur and Lucille is magic to me. Oh hell, with beastiality, people. Francoeur has a brain and soul. In case you're wondering, the first song sang by my OC :P is called \"L'incendie\" by Vanessa Paradis: watch?v=C72piaGmahs (This is how I pretty much imagine Brigitte to be doing on stage although with a different voice; though I cannot compare it to any other singer) \"Pourtant\" is still by Vanessa Paradis with Matthieu Chedid :D : watch?v=rA7wLNJ9XbE (I was really glad to find this song especially since they are the actual voice actors) The last song, well... I couldn't find a good song to match so it's kind of a short poem I wrote. :P It was inspired by Vienna Teng's song, \"Lullaby For A Stormy Night\" I made some sketches for this particular chapter. Sadly, , won't let me put the link so you can see them on my profile if you want. XP[Chapter 6] Oh my God, I decided to get my butt to writing this. Took about two weeks. And after a long writer's block. I'm quite happy with this one, seeing as my writing's improved. :v yay And I'm happy for the number of followers. Relieved to have people actually interested. I apologize if it seems a little rushed in the end. I wanted to finish before school completely drowns me. This chapter is very much inspired by \"Amaranthine\" as do pretty much the whole plot of the story. It's another fanfic of UMAP, and the best I've read in this small section. OH MY GOD, IT WAS SO BEAUTIFUL, WHY U STOP UPDATING. That's probably why I even wrote this fic, to begin with. Anyway, enjoy. This probably has better feels in it than any other chapter. By the way, if you wonder why I use French lyrics and then put an English translation in parentheses, it's coz this movie made me fall for the French language. Je l'aime. The following morning, Lucille was surprised to have woken up in her own bed. As a matter of fact, she did not recall walking back to her room the night before. The thought of last night being nothing but a dream crossed her mind. But she shook the idea off seeing the memory all too clear to have been caused by the champagne she and her friends enjoyed the same evening. She stayed in bed for a few more minutes before slipping out of the covers. Sitting up, Lucille groggily eyed her surroundings. She could feel the heaviness of her eyelids but fought back the urge to collapse on the mattress. Normally, she wasn't this tired in the morning, but what could she expect after that little celebration Raoul suggested and the downpour that took place soon after. Looking out through the window, she could see that the weather hasn't looked up. The sky was gray; a possibility of more rain. The singer prayed for no thunder and lightning this time. She had grown tired of the frequent storms and the inconsistency of the weather. Lucille finally remembered to check the time. It was eight in the morning; not so late. Slowly she stood up and walked to her bathroom. The dull atmosphere had gotten to her and the reluctance to change into day clothes so soon seeped in thus she grabbed a bathrobe instead. It was enough to keep her warm and was so much more comfortable than laces and corsets. She went out of her room and made her way to the living room. Just as she remembered, on the coffee table was the gas lamp she left behind. On the sofa was a neatly folded blanket albeit, torn with holes. So that answered the tiny doubt from earlier. She could only guess that Francoeur must've tucked her in last night. The singer smiled as she thought of simple gesture. But it soon brought to her attention that said person was not in the room. He wasn't in the kitchen area either. Lucille hoped she hadn't kept him waiting on their breakfast. But first she had to find him. She walked over to the bathroom and saw that the door had not been fully closed. She pushed it further and saw him over the sink, fully dressed and fixing his tie. Francoeur, who had been too focused on his reflection as he did the first fold, was slow to notice her presence. He jerked up, startled by her sudden appearance at the door that he began fumbling with the tie. Lucille gave an awkward smile and quickly approached him, placing a gentle hand on his sleeve covered arms. \"I didn't mean to startle you. I should've knocked.\" She said apologetically. Francoeur's lips curved upwards upon hearing the caring tone in her voice and replied with a pleasant chirp. Lucille smiled softly in return. Her gaze travelled down from his face to his neck and she saw something rather amusing. Francoeur had his neck tie in knots. Lucille couldn't help but find it also endearing and she reached up to undo it. \"Here, let me.\" She said as she quickly tied it once more, doing the process correctly. Francoeur looked down intently, seeing the thoughtful expression on her face. A kind of nervousness had sunk in the moment he saw her and it was difficult to keep calm. There was a change in him that took effect the other night and he knew that. And even when he willed himself to sleep to avoid the conflict of emotions, he still woke up plagued by them. However, it still felt nice being this close to her. But all he could do at this point was look back at the singer. With a small tug, Lucille had finished doing his necktie. It looked a lot better than how he normally did it, Francoeur noted. \"There we go.\" She said, eyes half lidded and both palms smoothing down his chest to remove the creases on his white shirt. Lucille paid little attention to her small hands as they lingered on the planes of his torso, unaware that the gesture had piqued Francoeur's curiosity. And yet, he couldn't see through her serene face. He tensed under her idle touch but she didn't see through his demeanour either. Finally she looked up, smiling gladly. \"You look good Francoeur.\" She said with utmost sincerity. Francoeur chirped, relieved to have her usual cheerfulness back and some of the tension off his chest. Lucille looked down at his brown trousers and black shoes and up at the gloves he had grown so accustomed to using and noticed that he had always worn the same thing. Nevertheless, she felt the need to say it anyway since she had never complemented him outright on his daily attire. She paused then added. \"Just don't mind me though, I'm still a mess.\" Lucille laughed, gesturing all of her. Francoeur smiled amusingly at the side comment but he begged to differ. Later that same morning, the two had left the apartment and headed to the cabaret. Although there was no performance today, practice was always essential no matter how good a singer was, Lucille knew, and certainly, you wouldn't find handy Atomize-a-tunes just anywhere . The cabaret was closed in the mornings but open at nights-Monday to Saturday. And it was a completely different place during the day. Just like any old empty theatre, it was gloomy. It had a thoughtful aura, its air thick with a wistfulness that not even the silver of daylight illuminating its stage could lift up. A faint melody of piano keys echoed through the halls of the L'Oiseau Rare. Soft that one would find it rather ghostly. Out of anyone's sight, Lucille and Francoeur had settled to practice in the dressing room. The pair sat down side by side in front of the keyboard with a good distance in between them. Francoeur played each note precisely as Lucille rehearsed a song. Though he was completely capable of writing a song for each night, Lucille loved every composition and she could not just let one piece sit and gather dust after one performance. Instead, she and her partner would create but minor alterations- a change of pitch and melody for more variety. They discussed for an hour- mainly Lucille doing all the talking and Francoeur nodding and improvising along the lines. It was fairly entertaining. Even without much of a conversation, it surprised Lucille that she had never quite enjoyed most company as much as she enjoyed Francoeur's. And yet, she couldn't help but feel the slight tension just below the surface of his exterior. \"Alright, let's take a break. About fifteen minutes.\" Lucille said as she patted Francoeur shoulder. His eyes followed her to the couch but he stayed where he was. The singer plopped down on the cushion and let out a silent breathe. She looked up, puzzled to see that Francoeur hadn't moved. Curiosity got the best of her. \"You okay?\" She smiled crookedly, tilting her head as she did so. Francoeur nodded curtly and Lucille couldn't help but chuckle under her breathe. He was certainly acting a little odd today but she knew not to pry. Although, it was nice to see him without the disguise of his wide brim hat and scarf. There was no need to hide his form but she understood why Francoeur strongly insisted on wearing them out in the open. The stares of the people, though some good-natured brought him a sense of anxiety which she saw clearly. Funny to think that his appearance had little effect on her. Francoeur stared at her but soon averted his gaze, embarrassed. In such little time-literally overnight, he had grown increasingly mindful of his actions. In truth, he hasn't been this tentative around her. He had a feeling she was slowly picking up on his pretense but his whole situation was so confusing that when he wanted to explain he had no idea on where to even begin. Without warning, the door swung open, not even giving Lucille nor Francoeur any small amount of time to react. There by the doorway stood a familiar blonde woman in a casual blue dress, wavy locks under a flowery straw hat. \"Hey! I came in to practice on stage when I heard you playing-OH MY GOD!\" Her cheerful expression soon morphed into wide eyed fright. She jumped and staggered a few feet backwards, her eyes still fixed on the cause of panic. Francoeur's unmasked face showed alarm as well and he drew back, nearly falling off of his seat by the piano. The two were on opposite ends, gaping at one another. Brigitte would have screamed to the top of her lungs if it were not for Lucille who moved towards her and reach out to her shoulders. \"Brigitte! Don't panic! I can explain-\" Before Lucille could finish her say, overwhelming emotion got the best of the blonde singer and she dropped to the ground. Lucille sighed deeply and pursed her lips in exasperation. She turned to the side to see Francoeur frozen at the spot, eyes wide and mouth thinly pressed closed. He could very well be on the verge of passing out. \"Don't faint on me too, Franc.\" Lucille pointed out. … It had taken almost an hour to return to her senses and the first thing Brigitte heard was Lucille's voice calling out, her vision still quite blurry but gradually adjusting. \"Brigitte.\" Lucille held one hand as she helped her colleague sit up. They were now at the couch. The blonde winced at the sharp pain at side of her head and placed a hand at the spot. \"What happened?\" She said dazedly. \"You fainted.\" Lucille stated. Brigitte frowned and blinked a few times. \" It was so strange, the last thing I remembered was seeing this.. monster with big red eyes.\" She said as she slowly shook her head in confusion, doubting her own words. Lucille looked at her seriously, hesitant to continue. \"That's.. what I wanted to talk to you about.\" She breathed out heavily from her nose. Brigitte tilted her head, perplexed by the statement. That was until she saw who or what was standing on the far side behind the singer and it became clear to her that she had no dream. Her eyes grew wider and Lucille understood now that she was fully aware. Upon seeing the sudden change in Brigitte's tired eyes, Francoeur began to feel panic rise within him. He had backed up against the wall, wanting nothing more than to be out of the room. He would have left if his partner hadn't told him to stay. \"Wait!\" Lucille said quickly, shutting her up. \"Brigitte. I know this is all new to you, but, the person that stands in front of you- is the real Francoeur.\" She spoke firmly and with all honesty. Brigitte could not believe what she was hearing. What the hell is going on and what the hell is that ?! It took strength to her keep calm and she stiffened to keep her voice from shaking. \" C-can, can I talk to you-for a moment.\" Not taking the hand that reached out to help her, she stood up like she hadn't fainted at all and quickly walked towards the exit, looking down the entire time. Lucille in turn, followed her. She looked at Francoeur reassuringly before walking out of the door and closing it behind her and Brigitte. When they were outside, the other singer dropped her composed façade and glared at Lucille. \"Okay..What the fuck was that?!\" Brigitte hissed. Panic had returned but to a lesser degree and the blonde singer was not at all discreet about it. Lucille instinctively cringed at the profanity, having been taught to never used such foul language. \"Brigitte, Brigitte.\" Lucille called out, trying to still her. \" Francoeur is not a monster.\" She spoke with firm conviction; a clear emphasis on the word 'not'. \"Oh! And I suppose he's human?\" Brigitte retorted. \"No.\" Lucille said coolly. \"He's a giant singing flea.\" Brigitte stared at her dumbfounded, feeling as though she was listening to a bad joke. \"You know, not a single thing you just said sounded normal.\" \"I mean, he used to be small but he accidentally got splashed with some experimental growth and musical enhancement potions…\" Lucille calmly explained but realized this sort of information had grown repetitive. \"This is old news. I thought you would've known by now.\" \"I don't know. Do you even think that sounds real? A giant singing flea . You're kidding me.\" \"Are you seriously telling me you haven't heard anything about him since you got here?\" \"Well… I heard a lot from people…\" Brigitte trailed off. \"But when they said 'the monster of Paris', I didn't think it was literal !\" She said, hands gesturing. \"Besides, I don't recall 'working with a seven-foot mutated flea man' in the briefing.\" \"Not a monster.\" Lucille commented lowly. It surprised her to only muster out just that. \" I know. You said that already.\" Brigitte replied, frustrated. \"Look,\" Lucille said firmly. \"Francoeur would never hurt anyone. In fact, he's more pure-hearted than you could possibly imagine. I want you to go and apologize.\" Brigitte's eyes grew wider. \"He's. A flea.\" She said with a sheer tone in her voice. \"Aand has a heart and soul too. Now go.\" Lucille interjected, pointing at the door. \"Wha- you want me to do it now?\" She said in disbelief. Lucille simply nodded. \"No.\" The singer refused. \"If you want to work here, you'll have to get used to being around him. I won't allow you two to just try to ignore each other. This is my aunt's business and I want all of us to work like family.\" Upon hearing this, the drifter knew there was no backing out of this apology. She probably should have mentioned that she wasn't fond of insects. But the look on Lucille's face told Brigitte that the other singer was without a doubt, unyielding in her belief and will not resolve to compromise. Besides, this was a job she had always wanted and she wasn't going to pass that up. Quirking the corner of her mouth, Brigitte relented. … Though things had settled more or less on the outside, inside the room, it was the opposite… more or less. He learned that he would never get used to the horrified faces of people. Suddenly, being left all alone in a room cramped with things was creating anxiety but there was no leaping out of here and avoiding the situation. Francoeur stood in the middle of the room, trying his best to avoid the not so fond memories that took place after his transformation. Had it become this hard to breathe? It did not settle so well in chest and it hurt. It felt a long while before the door opened. Lucille came in first, wearing the caring smile she gave him before then the other singer who kept a straight face. Though there was no hiding her obvious apprehension. A little slowly at first, Brigitte walked over to Francoeur who stood stiffly on his spot. She looked up, hesitant to say a word. \"I'm sorry.\" She said almost sheepishly. Francoeur blinked, bemused by her apology. \"So… This is the real Francoeur? I, didn't really know what to say at first.\" She continued though she spoke slower, the strangeness of this situation causing breaks in her speech. Brigitte couldn't help but rub the back of her head in embarrassment. \"Can we start over?\" She said as she flashed a crooked smile that was both awkward and naïve. It left the taller musician with no idea on what to do though he needn't worry much longer. Timidly, she raised her right hand. Looking down, Francoeur realized that she was prepared for a hand shake. Cautiously, his gloved hands took it and they shook briefly. Brigitte seemed to have relaxed, in fact, a little too much for her own good. As she moved away, her legs wobbled. The uncertainty in his eyes did not fade as his hands gently returned to his side. An awkward silence ensued. One which Lucille was the first to break. \"Okay, so… Shall we go back to practicing?\" Suggesting the next course of action she deemed best. … The rest of the day went without anymore interruptions. Lucille and Francoeur remained in the dressing room while Brigitte was at the stage. Though she would have wanted all of them to work together, Lucille knew she'd be pushing it on a first day. Late in the afternoon, Brigitte had left for her nearby apartment, politely refusing Lucille and Francoeur to accompany her home. The duo had gone up to the rooftop and together, they watched her take her leave. By now, the sky had turned dark blue and the city lit up like gold. The aftermath of the rain had left the air cold and fresh, wind blowing harder than a breeze. It made a small howling sound as it danced all around them. \"What a day.\" Lucille commented, just to break the silence that settled in. Francoeur merely continued to look at the cityscape, not acknowledging the remark. The confusion he felt earlier had been momentarily replaced by depression. Even after the apology, he was not at all convinced that Brigitte would look at him the same way she did before. The sad pain caused his grip to harden on the railings but it loosened as he felt Lucille place a hand on his. \" I'm sorry about earlier. \" She spoke softly. Why was she apologizing for something that was out of her control? Francoeur almost felt frustrated but that was an emotion he would never take out on her. He cherished their friendship too much to do anything of that sort. Over the course of his short life, he came to know that it was never her fault and he didn't want her to feel sorry. Then Francoeur realized. Lucille may have felt responsible for his well being all this time. He began to dislike the thought of having her worry for him that way. \"I don't know if anyone would ever get used to-\" He stopped her there as he took her small hand in his and looked into her eyes. She was surprised but she didn't pull back (making his predicament easier). Francoeur signaled for her not to continue and shook his head by way of telling her no. Lucille smiled sympathetically as she understood what he meant. He slowly dropped her hand and once again they turned their attention to the city lights, appreciative of its beauty as it glittered like yellow diamonds. Still moments passed as the two reveled in the peacefulness. In the silence, it didn't take too long for Lucille to come across a particularly fond memory. A small smile tugged at her soft lips as she pondered over it before slowly opening her mouth. \" Tu sais, tu me demandais hier (You know, you asked me yesterday)\" She began leisurely, swaying her head side to side. \" Ma vision du bonheur (My vision of happiness)\" Francoeur's eyes lit up as he heard those very lines of their song being sung and turned to look at her in astonishment. There was a gleam in his eyes which Lucille was thankful for. Encouraged by that, she continued. \"Eh bien, chaque jour elle est plus nette (Eh well, it grows clearer everyday), i l ne nous fera plus peur (It won't frighten us, no more)\" She hesitated to go on but at the same time, hoping he would do so. Looking down at nothing in particular, Francoeur responded in the same pace she had sung. \" Je l'attise cet amour (I kindle our flame of love)\" She was pleased to hear him sing, the gentle masculinity in his voice nearly had her swooning. \"Les brindilles volètent (and as the embers glimmer),tu n'y vois que du feu ( they'll dazzle you with their light)\" He looked back at her, his mouth curved upwards as he sung more openly this time. \"C'est sa vie secrete (this secret life is mine)\" The last line, Lucille joined in. \"Pourtant… pourtant… pourtant .\" They ended with a much softer tone that lingered. They smiled at each other, admiring the connection they shared. Almost reluctantly, Lucille looked away, but with a smile still plastered on her face. Francoeur soon followed. The rest of the early evening, they spent in each other's company. … Walking home was more comfortable than he had thought it would be. The nervousness he felt the entire day vanished as he listened to Lucille talk of her experiences- about her parents, her childhood and some parts of her adolescence. How little she knew about her mother and father, that Carlotta was the only family she truly had, how she spent her preteen years in a strict Catholic boarding school, all women's college. Raoul. Francoeur in turn, actually made an effort to ask her certain questions about things that sparked his curiosity, though it took a while to convey his message through his limited means of communicating. He was happy to see her in such a pleasant mood. Mirth sparkled in Francoeur's eyes as he took in all the valuable memories she shared. It had kept his thoughts away from the passersby that stared at him. When they finally arrived at her block they saw the ever so familiar truck parked out in front of the entrance. It was a pleasant surprise for the singer and she hurriedly walked over to the vehicle. \"Raoul!\" Lucille beamed as she approached the man that hopped out from the truck. She ran up to him with Francoeur just trailing behind-observing the two as they reached out to one another. \"Hey there!\" He said fondly to Lucille and quickly added a 'hey Franc!' that was less ecstatic as he turned his attention to his girl. \" I tried to look for you but by the time I got to the cabaret, people said you already left.\" Raoul explained as he held her hands in his. Lucille smiled, hearing his efforts. She kissed him on the cheek before letting him continue. \"So, I was wondering if you'd be busy on Wednesday. Not at night though, coz I know you'll be singing at the cabaret.\" He said in an uncharacteristically shy manner. Three days from now .Lucille thought it over before replying in a pleasant tone. \"Mmm… No.\" She was eager on what he might have in stored. \"Great!\" Raoul smiled. \" I wanna take you somewhere.\" He said enthusiastically. \"Where?\" She wondered. \"It's a surprise. But I'm sure you'll like it.\" Lucille quirked an eye brow as she eyed him mischievously. \"Oh really now?\" \"Yeah. Trust me.\" Lucille smirked at his reply. She loved him, but she had always questioned Raoul's taste in a lot of things. She rolled her eyes playfully and conceded. \"Why don't you just tell me..\" She pleaded childishly. \"Mon Dieu, the suspense would kill me.\" She chuckled. \"Sweetheart, I'm mysterious that way.\" He said in a light-hearted flirtatious way that he knew would make her laugh. \"I'm sure you are.\" Lucille said jokingly. \"Well, I better go. I got some delivery boxes to sort out tonight.\" He said as he wove his fingers together and flexed. Raoul smiled then planted a quick kiss on her lips. \"So I'll pick you up at, let's say… Nine?\" He said as he climbed into the driver's seat. \"Sounds good.\" The engine soon roared and the Catherine came to life. \"Alright. I'll see you tomorrow!\" He called out as the truck slowly moved. \"See you too!\" Lucille replied. \"Bye Lucille, bye Franc!\" He called out once more, his voice fading into the distance. Lucille waved him good bye as he sped off. She looked towards Francoeur who, throughout the conversation stood behind them, silent as always but mindful. \"Come, let's go inside.\" Hope you liked this. There's a difference in the way I used to refer to the characters. I started to feel a little weird referring to Francoeur as a \"giant flea\" from time to time. And referring to people in common nouns just to break the repetitiveness. Strange, but after reviewing earlier chapters, Francoeur has sort of matured in a way. :P It seemed so long when it fact it only happened in a few days. Also, a suggestion, if you haven't watched that live show of Vanessa Paradis and -M- singing 'Pourtant', you should really go watch it. The mood's just really beautiful. (Did a bit of editing to improve the pace of the story and the timeline)[Chapter 7] Daaaang. It's been a year since the last update O-O I'm sorry too. I wrote this last year but couldn't seem to finish it. I decided it was best to split the chapter. Because it was incredibly long and I was partial to editing a huge part of this one out. Mostly just thoughts that roam through Lucille and Francoeur's minds. This had been edited waaaay too many times. Enjoy! I hope you do! \"Okay…Now, flip.\" The white greasy stuff made a louder crackle as Francoeur turned it over on the hot frying pan. He marvelled at how the egg sizzled each time he flipped it but despite all curiosities, he was much more eager to get it on his plate. Holding the pan in one hand, he prepared to transfer his sunny-side up onto the nearby porcelain when Lucille lightly shoved his arm back in place. \"Ep! It's not finished cooking,\" she reproved, amused by his eagerness. For the first time, she saw a very human pout on his lips and his eyes, half lidded, gave away a vague look that could only be distinguished as mild frustration. She smirked lightly which surprisingly elicited a small grumble from her big friend. But in spite of that, Lucille would not have cooking egg any other way. On the days that followed after the small incident in the L'Oiseau Rare, Lucille took it upon herself to teach Francoeur basic household chores. She knew he wasn't incapable-that, she saw in the great progress he was making. He was a fast learner. At this point, some basic home economics became necessary. She felt responsible for his well being and that meant she had to teach him. Lucille also thought this would be the opportunity to have an extra hand around the apartment. So, they started off by cooking. Egg was by far the simplest of foods to cook and one of the few Francoeur could tolerate. Recently, Lucille had been more careful on the kind of meals he's been eating after so long had it struck her that he was indeed , a blood sucking parasite . Not so much now, but nonetheless, the effects of the potions had only increased his size and had given him musical abilities. That meant little change in his sort of diet. Yet drinking blood was out of the question. It was unnatural and inhuman; often associated with dark mythic creatures from stories that people created themselves. To Francoeur, it was a necessity but to them- it was abominable. And people often made little room for the strange. Francoeur would have to leave it behind if he were to live and be accepted in this society. Lucille wanted him to fit in the best way he could. Fortunately, there were always other ways. For breakfast, they cooked eggs and ham; the ham- so tantalizing to the flea, that it made his mouth water. Just like every morning they spent together, Lucille and Francoeur sat across each other at the square dining table. As always, breakfast was silent, but never unpleasant. Lucille sat poised as she ate her meal, refinement shown through her perfect posture and table etiquette. In her younger years, proper manners had always been integrated in her learning and in time it had grown to be essential in the singer's Parisian lifestyle. There was no call for formality at an early time like breakfast in her home, but she supposed it would help Francoeur understand the concept. Cutting up a piece of the ham on her plate, she looked over to her oblivious partner. He was certainly doing better now than he did before, though he still needed to work on the way he held his fork and knife, she mused. However, she noticed that he did not slouch as much as before, only doing so when he brought the fork to his mouth. She didn't see him as less of a person, but when she would stop to think, like she did now, she found his being to be strangely fascinating . It was not so much the actuality that he wasn't human, but simply because he was different . It was surreal, when she looked past Francoeur's alien exterior; movements that contradicted to the misconception that was purely based on his appearance, soft gestures and a meticulous nature that was often overlooked. More and more, she'd find herself immersed in these thoughts. Lucille had not even realized she had stopped eating moments ago until a soft chirp drew her out of her reflection. Looking up, she saw Francoeur smile at her innocently, tilting his head in question. She shook her head in reply and the two continued eating. … He was growing used (or so he made himself think) to the small jolt he felt in his chest each time she neared him. It was undeniably pleasant- the singer's touch and proximity, nothing short of welcoming. The exposure to the human world had made it all too easy to realize sooner than later what he was delving into. Personally, it was unknown territory. He had only been truly alive for barely two months, how limited was the scope of his knowledge. He was afraid yet he wanted to know what was . But he did not want to ask her either. Many thoughts ran through his head. They swarmed him at night. He didn't want to tell her, ever. If it meant that things would not change between him and Lucille, he would rather keep his thoughts to himself under a promise he made that as time passes, they will too. As he ate, he could sense that she was looking at him but his peripheral vision afforded him an unclear view of her face. He was becoming adept at hiding expressions (which had not been too difficult as people rarely noticed), continuing on with what he was doing despite the self-consciousness that quietly returned. When he stole a glance, he saw the thoughtful look on her face. Her soft smile, one she had often worn these days and one that she was not even aware of was incredibly compelling He sometimes found himself wishing to know what was on his singer's mind. But, he would hesitate each time, when the question did not pertain to normal objects in everyday life. Intangible objects like thoughts were the most difficult to decipher. Finding the little courage he needed, he looked up to face her and chirped, the best way he could ask an audible question. Lucille took notice right away. And in that moment, he was once again distracted by her wide moss green eyes; the soft morning glow reflecting on the glassy color of her irises was quite a sight. He blinked a few times before regaining control over his mind. The lapse was not obvious and his lovely singer merely returned his look with a nonchalant smile. He had forgotten his question. The issue was put aside and they went back to their meals. After breakfast, they went over to the sink to wash the dishes. It wasn't his first time and this was the easiest chore he had to learn- the quickest too. Had Lucille given it much thought, she would be quite thankful he had four arms. When they reached the last plate, there was a knock on the door. \"Francoeur, can you finish the last one?\" He nodded as Lucille wiped her hands dry with a towel then made her way to the entry. Right on schedule, she knew exactly who was behind her door. \"Raoul!\" Lucille beamed. The particular name caused Francoeur to glance over his shoulder. The two welcomed each other in their arms.\"You ready?\" The man replied with a grin on his face. \"Yep. Just a moment.\" Lucille said as she immediately closed the door. She turned back to Francoeur who had arranged the dishes neatly on a rack. \"Francoeur?\" He turned to her in question, finishing off the work with wiping his four hands with a towel. \"I'll be going now. Raoul's here.\" She said as she smiled up at him. \"Don't do anything silly while I'm gone, alright? I'll be back later.\" He nodded sincerely before smiling contentedly at her last statement. Casually, Lucille reached up and placed her hands on both sides of his face, bringing him down to her level. She leaned in and kissed him on the cheek, a sense of familiarity in her affectionate gesture. \"Good bye, Francoeur,\" she said, turning to look at him one last time, before leaving the room. She failed to see his expression thereafter. … \"So now can you tell me where we're heading?\" Lucille said as she came out of her apartment. Raoul had been rubbing the tip of nose for no apparent reason, though she cared not to ask. Despite the feeling of discomfort from a door closing on his face, he brushed it off and smiled. \"I told you it's a surprise.\" Lucille let out a bark of laughter. \"Is it a geeky science convention?\" Raoul smirked and she took his arm as he held it out. \"Nope.\" He replied smugly. \"But speaking of which, there is one coming up next month…\" He said as he raised one brow with a knowing smile. Lucille laughed as they walked down the hallway. \"I don't think so.\" She replied. \"Woman, open your eyes. We are in the twentieth century! The possibilities are endless. Aircrafts, the latest car models...Oh! Wireless communication! \" \"Okay. I'm just going to block you out, right now.\" She chuckled. … Had his skin been a lighter shade of blue, the tint on his cheeks might have been more obvious. Francoeur's eyes were wide as he stood where he was. Stunned, he brought his right hand to his cheek and touched the spot, as he collected himself and tried to comprehend his own reaction. The singer slowly made his way to the couch to seriously think it over. As he sat down, Francoeur recalled the first time she had shown him that sort of affection. It was the second time they sang together on stage . Just a little kiss . He was beginning to doubt the very words that he wrote for that song. The irony. That time she kissed him on the cheek, on stage. It felt like nothing at all; a split-second routine that he did not mind and did not try to comprehend. But this one was entirely different. When she kissed him on the side of his face, it had taken Francoeur a while to realize what had happened. Her soft lips left his cheek as soon as she had planted it. Such a small motion, so simple had rendered him speechless in more ways than one. No reply came from him when she said her good bye and left without a second glance. It somehow frightened him that he could no longer look at her the way he did before. The warm, comfortable emotions he felt for her, the ones he could only identify as feelings of friendship (as Lucille had once taught him) had changed in some way that he could only describe it as intense. He nearly shivered. Francoeur looked towards the French window, wanting nothing more than to clear his head by leaping out and into the fresh air. But that would mean disobeying her rule. Then again, he had never felt any anger from Lucille. He would just have to come back early before she returned home. He walked over to the iron framed glass, opening it slightly. The clothes on him suddenly became a restriction. If he wanted to go his way, he would have to take them off. Francoeur reached up to pull off his tie, a little nervous to go off on his own. Once more . He stopped as he was just about to go for the second button. Looking back at the pale cityscape, he remembered what it felt to be out there on his own- leaping from rooftop to rooftop. Francoeur's brows furrowed. It would not be wise at all to go out that way. His heart grew heavy. Reluctantly, he shut the glass windows. But that didn't mean he was going to spend his time in the apartment. A whole day alone often felt like an eternity, which he could bare under normal circumstances. Just not today. Making his final decision, Francoeur fixed back his tie and walked over to the bathroom. He grabbed a brown coat and a matching hat as he made his way to the entrance door. Still anxious to go against her, he turned the brass knob. Francoeur took comfort in knowing that she had not been so specific with her words today. She told him not to do anything silly. So he wasn't going to. I hope this chapter is okay... I loved writing it in the beginning.. But now, I don't actually know how to feel about it... I'm just glad that I haven't given Lucille enough inside voice to make this repetitive. ","Summary":" Hey there! First UMAP fanfic :) Why don't people make enough of these stuff? The movie got me so wo"},{"Movie":"Adventures of Sharkboy and Lavagir...","Title":"Crazy Love","Author":"s3xyBATbaby","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10652901","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1 Lavagirl smiled sadly as she watched Sharkboy swim away, his armored fin glinting in the sunset. It was not like he would be gone forever, but she dreaded every evening when he had to return to sea, to his world. It reminded her of the gap between their worlds, their lives, them. It reminded her of how they could never be as close as they wanted to be. She sighed. It was hard when your crush was the complete opposite to you. They could barely touch each other. He had attempted to hold her hand on more than one occasion and obviously tried to ignore the burning that came with it, but either one of them always pulled away because of that. She turned around and trudged through the sand, back to her home. Maybe someday she would get over this petty crush and just move on. Yeah. Doubt it. The crisp morning air cooled her down from the inside as she calmly walked down the beach, making the lava in her clothes turn a darker orange. (Max's theory about the lava being in her skin was just an exaggeration of her body temperature). It was a beautiful day. The sun was peeking over the horizon, lalas were floating off in the distance and waves were rolling over the water, stretching themselves up against the beach and retreating. Her fear of water had eased up a lot since she had trained herself to control her temperature, and she was now even able to stand as much as ankle deep in the waves without speeding for the nearest volcano. Of course, she could only survive in water and around ice, just not in falling snow and stuff like that. The waves were nearly touching her when she stopped in her tracks, a completely strange smell reaching her. Looking down, she saw that the water was...pink? She kneeled down on the sand (the golden material she usually wore was wisely left behind whenever she went down to the beach) and felt the water in her hand. It felt different, almost softer, for lack of a better description. She stood up, careful not to shake the droplets off her fingers, and ran back to the volcanoes. She ran straight into a cave where Max had dreamed up a huge labratory-like control room with a supercomputer. She pressed a few buttons with her dry hand, and a tube sprung up from the desktop. She scraped as much water as possible from her hand into the tube and instructed the computer to analize it. Information popped up onto the screen, a huge title displaying the words \" PINK GILLFISH ESSENCE\" This particular liquid is released through the breathing of large groups of female Pink Gillfish that are ready to mate, attracting male Pink Gillfish. The pink-colored substance also has a surprising effect on male sharks, and the results are often more effective as on the intended target. Her first thought was Sharkboy. Would he be affected by the essence? Would he change? It is important that males of all species stay as far from affected sharks as possible. It would immediately consider you as a threat and go as far as to breach onto the shore to kill you. Wow. Powerful stuff. She only hoped Sharkboy was alright, and everything around him. Let's be honest, he's not the best guy to deal with when he feels threatened. Why was the irony so against her today? She shut the computer down and walked back onto the beach. She and Sharkboy had arranged to meet up at the usual spot on the beach and then go explore the tunnels they had found last week. That day, she passed time staring at the horizon, throwing small stones on the beach to see the waves take them away, and doing all sorts of small time-consuming things. He never came, and she had a horrible feeling why. It was nearly noon the next day. She was lying on the beach, chewing on lava rocks (just because everyone else hated them, didn't mean she had to. Really, they weren't that bad!) and looking up at the sky, looking for cloud-shapes. A dissapointed giraffe. A donkey with a crutch. Marshmallows being shot out of a ship's cannon. A chihuahua chewing on a horse's ear. The sun was warm and the sound of the waves calming. Soon enough, her eyes were starting to feel heavy, the sand below her comfortable. She was almost immediately awakened by a familiar scent, and sat straight up in an instant. Sharkboy was standing over her, blocking the sharp sunlight from her face, water dripping from his body. He seemed normal. She cautiously stood up, his expression never changing. He stood a head taller than her, and he had to slightly look down as his eyes never left hers. He didn't say a word, and his expression was unreadable. Something was wrong. Looking closer, she noticed something wrong with him, with his eyes. There were fine flecks of dark purple sprinkled across brown, something he had never had before. A soft, low growl from him confirmed her suspicions, but it was too late... AN: Sup guys! Thanks for reading! Just wanna clear up that I know they are supposed to be on Earth, according to the movie, but I thought it would be more fun to shoot this scene on Planet Drool (really, who likes a realistic world anyway?). Anyway, hope you dudes liked it! !Watcha![Chapter 2] Chapter 2 He was growling, that was never a good sign. She moved slowly, taking a step back to create more distance between them. His expression almost immediately turned into a full-on death glare as he mirrored her movements. What the heck was going on with him? All she could do was to continue backing up as fear gripped her heart, making her temperatures go sky high, visible heatwaves erupting from her. Her back hit a wall of cooled magma, but instead of stopping as she expected him to, he continued to advance towards her, stopping when his face was only a few centimeters away from hers, his hands against the rock on either sides of her body. This was it. He was going to kill her. The rage was building in his expression, and she was nearly dying from the fear! She closed her eyes tight, waiting for something, anything, to happen. Except for what really happened. He pressed his lips against hers, hard. His hands were on her shoulders, keeping her strictly in place. At first she was shocked that he would do that. But his brutal actions towards her frightened her, and she raised her temperature as high as she could, the magma behind her melting. But she could feel his teeth sharpening behind his lips, a vicious growl making her squeak in fear and quickly lower her temperature, in fear of a sharkfrenzy. She felt his hands leaving her shoulders and quickly snaking around her waist, pushing her tighter against him, nearly squeezing the air from her lungs. It wasn't long until one of his hands started moving from it's position. Crap. It slid back over her waist, to her stomach. Her hands formed fists where they had landed against his chest and she tried to back away from him as his hand traveled over her chest and up to her neck, bringing her impossibly closer to him, his claws nearly breaking the skin on her neck. She felt an almost literal shock travel through her as his tounge pushed up against her lips, demanding entrance as his razorsharp lower teeth lightly scraped against her mouth. She couldn't deny him, and she hesitantly let him enter her mouth, his tounge vigorously moving around, as if desperately searching for something. His hand started moving again, this time towards the front of her collar, lightly tugging on it. Her hand shot up and grabbed his in surprise and defence, her other hand pushing back against his chest. No freaking way, tunabreath! His hand rotated and grabbed her wrist, nearly cracking it as he slowly brought her hand to her side, making her squirm in pain, trying to shake him off. The pressure on her wrist only increased, making the burning tears stream down her face. She was shure her lips were bruised when he finally pulled away and she desperately gasped for bigger quantities of air inbetween trying to control herself from crying as his hand was still tightly wrapped around her wrist. He pressed his cheek to hers, whispering to her: \"I wouldn't do that again if I were you.\" She wimpered, shrinking back as he released her wrist. How the heck was he withstanding the heat like that, normally it would kill him. She remembered something she had learned from Linus, the best way to defend yourself from a guy. She really hoped this works. She silently moved her feet on the sand, slightly stepping forward and... He crumbled into a ball on the spot! Bullseye! She had no time to celebrate her escape, however, as she took her chance and ran back up the valcano, knowing that he would get over it soon. Speak of the devil. She was halfway up the valcano when he ran past her at a blinding speed and stopped right in front of her, making her nearly trip as she stopped. He jumped her, but she managed to dodge him just in time. Big mistake. He turned to her, revealing three rows of true shark teeth, and absolute fury on his face. She felt herself shrinking as he looked all the bigger. \"Meap,\" she squeaked. AN: Bat: I would like to introduce you all to some of my friends. First up, Ebony, a (trademarked) character I had designed. Ebony: Suuup! Bat: Then there's Enya, from the game Shall we date: Destiny ninja. Enya: Hey. By the way, Bat's taken! Bat: No I'm not! And don't look at me like yo mama don't feed you, I ain't yo cheesecake! Enya: Uuuuh...what? Bat: Then there's Cuid, my puppy who always has an opinion on everything! *pointedly looks at Cuid* Cuid: Woof! Bat: Aw, stuff it. Nobody wants to know that. Anyway, then, of course, there is our guests: Sharkboy and Lavagirl. Sharkboy: What the hell?! I get kicked in the nuts, how's that fair? This story's really taking a turn for the worst! Lavagirl: B-but...I like my V-card...*pouts* Sharkboy: Hey chill, woah, that's not what I meant! You won't lose it. *looks at Bat* Right? Bat : ... Lavagirl: Bat...that doesn't happen in this story, right? Both start looking scared as Bat hesitates. Bat: ...You guys are awesome, thanks for reading! Lavagirl: Bat! Bat: ...MEAP?!...[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 He turned to her, revealing three rows of true shark teeth, and absolute fury on his face. She felt herself shrinking as he looked all the bigger. \"Meap,\" she squeaked. He roared, looking ready to rip her to shreds. She was trembling, completely rooted to the spot by fear, his razorsharp fangs the only thing she could possibly see, other than the full dark purple of his eyes. She whispered a slight \"Shit.\" before he jumped her again, this time completely toppling her over. His hands pinned her down on the ground. She yelped as her injured wrist was slammed against the rock. His face was an inch from hers, his sharp teeth bared and his breaths quick, growling lowly. She started trembling, the blood draining from her face as his glare intensified. \"No more little tricks from you,\" he growled. \"Understand?\" She barely managed a quick nod before his lips were on hers once more, this time with even more force. She tasted a bit of blood in her mouth as her lip got cut, making her cringe in disgust. Without thinking, she tried to escape from under him, but he only held her tighter, quickly lowering himself sothat his entire body was resting on hers. She couldn't help the slight feeling of lust creeping up inside her. Damn teenage hormones! She pushed that thought aside and tried to concerntrate on thinking of a way out. As if reading her thoughts, Sharkboy only increased the pressure on her wrists, clearly warning her not to protest. She wimpered as his mouth started travelling away from hers, his lips moving down to her jaw, then her neck. Incredibly uncomfortable, she froze in place and simply hoped for some sort of miracle to get him off her. She gasped as his sharp teeth scratched at the skin on her neck and she instinctively tried to move away from him, making him even madder. He removed his left hand from her wrist, placing it on the other side of her neck to keep her in place. She put her free hand on his shoulder, as if it would help to keep him away, but of course it made zero difference. He had always been much stronger than her, and with this damn essence he was twice as strong as before. It was basically like a chihuahua trying to get away from an overgrown polar bear. Just when things were becoming a bit too heated for her taste (never thought she would feel that particular way), she heard the blessed sound of singing bubbles appearing above them. Sharkboy stopped immediately, sitting up and covering his ears as the colourful little bubbles sang loudly around his head. Lavagirl was still half-trapped as he was on her waist, but she took her chance and pushed him off her as hard as she could. The unexpected countermeasure and lack of balance made him topple over and off her, and she jumped up. \"Hurry, sing louder!\" she said to the bubbles before she ran off again. She hoped for her life that Sharkboy wouldn't catch her now. He would definately kill her...or worse... After what felt like forever, she reached the mouth of the valcano and jumped in without a second thought. Half off the ground, she felt something just missing her by a millimeter, and she knew it could only be Sharkboy. As she broke through the surface of the lava, she saw him standing on the egde, trying to decide if he should dive in after her. Every time he had the courage to jump, he stopped himself at the last second. Finally, he roared out of frustration, throwing his fists in the air and stomping off like a tantrum-baby. Lavagirl couldn't help but laugh in relief and victory, quietly thanking the annoying singing bubbles for saving her before diving down into the lava again. There was a cave in the valcano, right next to the flowing lava and in just the right position to not have lava flowing into it. She climbed through the tunnel that lead to it and entered the cave. On the far side of the cave, there was a small puddle of thick, gooish liquid that she has never been able to identify. She walked over to it to see her reflection in the liquid. Her lips were bruised and there was a cut in the corner of her mouth, thin lines of blood were running down her neck from the bite marks and her collar was a tad bit torn from his sharp claws. It actually wasn't as bad as she thought it would be. The same could not be said about her wrist, however. It was swollen and heavily bruised, and it hurt a lot to just move it. It wasn't broken, but definately severely injured. She sighed. The situation was hopeless. Sharkboy was in a hormone-crazy state, she was his only available target and she had no idea how to cure him. The only way to save him, was to get down to the lab and find out how. AN: Lavagirl is sitting in the corner, furious and wrist bandaged. Bat: Wooh! This one was an intense workout. Took me days to find the right stuff to say. Thanks for reading, guys! Lavagirl: *burning up* Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr! Bat: Uuuuh...Sharkboy? Is she okay? Sharkboy: I'm not stopping her, man. You brought what's coming on yourself when you added those annoying bubbles. Bat: Uh...huh? Lavagirl turns to Bat, her eyes glowing. Sharkboy: Oh yeah. Lavafrenzy. Bat: WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH! ... Bat: Uuuuh...huuuu *not moving from the blackened ground around her*[Chapter 4] Chapter 4 Lavagirl had been hiding in the same cave for days, and it had been driving her crazy. Sharkboy had been scratching at the rock above her on and off, showing no signs of giving up. She was concerned that he might hurt himself. He wasn't there now, however, and she had to take her chance if she ever wanted to get out of there. She swam up the valcano, breaking through the surface to find everything quiet and peaceful. Good, no sign of Sharkboy. She carefully reached for the side and pulled herself out, double-checking that he wasn't anywhere. He wasn't, but she didn't let her guard down as she cautiously walked down towards the beach. She expected him to just jump out from behind every rock, tree or structure. Sneaking around like a ninja, she dodged her way over to the beach while resisting the urge to sing the mission-impossible tune, lying down on top of where the cave was. She hung her head over the side, peeking into the cave to see if he was there. According to her upside-down vision, the coast was clear and she jumped down, walking in like Indiana Jones himself: like a BOSS! She quickly turned on the computer, aware of her unknown deadline. She typed in Pink Gillfish Essence - Shark Contamination Cure and searched. What came up made her nearly deflate in dismay. No cure has been invented for the shark contamination of Pink Gillfish Essence. However, there are various ways to stop the effect it has on male sharks. The easier way would be for the shark to find a female and mate with it. Lavagirl was sitting at the desk with her elbow on the table and her chin resting in her hand, her fingers over her mouth. She stared wide-eyed at the screen, her face feeling a tad bit hotter than usual. NOT. THE. FUCK. Another way is to wait a full season for the water to be cleared of the essence. The last option is to let the essence wear off, wich should take two weeks. The shark must be kept out of contaminated water and in a safe enviroment, since it is extremely aggressive and will very likely harm itsself. Even worse. Just a week without water would kill him, and all the water of Planet Drool's oceans were contaminated with this stuff. There was just no other way, she would have to wait three whole months for the water to clear out. Three months of hiding in the same place. Three months of not seeing Sharkboy. It just got better and better. \"Well, ain't this a surprise.\" She felt the blood drain from her face at the deep sound of the voice of the infamous Sharkboy. Oh. Crap. She quickly jumped up and looked at him, a sheepish smile on her face. She noticed he was soaking wet as she backed up against the computer. \"Hehe...hey, look who it is, Sharkboy! My...old friend...\" Sharkboy gave her a smug look, slowly walking forward. Her heart was pounding overtime, her hands shaking as she pressed herself up against a wall, him standing over her. \"Well,\" he chuckled meniacally. \"This shure as hell better not turn out like the last time.\" He glared straight into her eyes. \"For your sake.\" She started moving slowly, almost unnoticingly, to her left, her eyes never leaving him. Then, in the blink of an eye, she was gone, running out of the cave at the speed of light. There was no way she would actually get away from him, but it was definately worth the try. As she ran, she could hear him right behind her, yet he never caught her. She musthave been really fast, or he had broken his leg. She didn't know exactly how long she had been running, but she found herself in the Land of Thought, where the Train of Thought ran through. Sharkboy was nowhere to be seen, and she stopped to catch her breath. All she could hear was water running somewhere near, the train probably far away, but she had no idea where Sharkboy could be. She looked behind her, seeing nothing. As she turned her head back to the front, she was looking straight at an armoured chest. \"Boo.\" She backed away quickly, only to trip over something and land on something cold, bumpy and unstable. A slab of chocolate floating on the Stream of Contiousness. Sharkboy stepped onto the chocolate boat with her as they entered a colourful world of candy. She jumped up and frantically backed away, only able to go as far as the edge. Sharkboy calmly walked up to her, a smug look on his face. He stood against her, his face only an inch from hers, an intense glare making her feel like jumping into the milk-river would be better. He suddenly kissed her again, but not as she would expect him to. This kiss was gentle, soft and sweet. Not something she would expect from a raging guy. She willed herself not to give in to him, but she couldn't even pull away, her mind completely overwhelmed by his lips against hers. Just as she was actually starting to enjoy it, he pulled away and dissapeared. She stood still for a few seconds, then pulled herself together and looked around, finding no signs of him. She sank to her knees and put her face in her hands. She couldn't. She would NOT give in to this, to his little game. She had to stay focused and keep away from him, otherwise he would have her right where he wanted her. She stood up and took a deep breath, trying to clear her mind. She had to get back to the valcanoes, he couldn't get her there. Just as she thought this, the chocolate bumped into the bank of the river, making her fall onto the frosting-covered ground. She quickly stood up and tried figuring out how to get back. She had no idea where she was, and she wasn't very good at directions, either. She had to get out of there, though, so she ran in a random direction anyway. She wasn't shure where she was going, but the footsteps behind her willed her not to stop. She kept running until everything was different again. It was colder, and she felt her power starting to weaken bit by bit. Looking around, she saw that she was in the Arctic Land of Knowledge, the most dangerous place for her. She was in the middle of a heavy snowstorm, and her temperature was dropping. As she turned, she found Sharkboy standing behind her on the ice with a dark expression, wind blowing around him, carrying snowflakes. He was simply standing there, as if waiting for her to...do something, although she didn't know what. She hid her weakness, standing up straight and looking at him. There was no way out of this. The ice was slippery under her now that she has stopped, she was weaker than ever and he obviously had the upper hand in their situation. \"What the hell do you want?\" she angrily asked. \"What's with the whole game of tag, huh?! Why can't you just kill me and get it over with?!\" His face darkened further, a small half-smile appearing on his face. \"Oh, my dear Lavagirl.\" He sounded more like an evil emporor or something, and she tried not to show how much he was scaring her. \"That's because, as much as I have so many things planned for you, I do still enjoy our little games. Just seeing you cowering under my manipulation gives me such pleasure.\" As he said this, he walked around her, looking her up and down. She stiffened. Things? What things?! She tried ignoring the not-so-appealing images that flooded their way into her mind. His hand lightly rested on her waist as he stood right in front of her. \"Because, you see,\" his face darkened again. \"The man is the hunter.\" She immediately recognised what Max's mother had told her once, and Sharkboy musthave heard it with his sensitive ears. He suddenly pushed her over, both of them landing with him on top of her. The freezing ice against her made her strength plummet even faster, and she started shivering. He had her hands pinned down at her sides, his face only a centimeter from hers as he glared. She weakly tried getting away from him, but he only chuckled at her before his lips brutally landed on hers again. His hands left hers and started travelling up her arms, to her shoulders and down to her waist. She wanted to kick his guts flat, but she could barely move. He was on her again, his entire body the only heat she could feel. As his kisses became harder, hungrier, she felt his hands moving up her sides, then, to her horror, his claws tore through her suit, down to her hips. She tried her best to push him off her, but she had little to no strength. His gloved hands slowly found thier way through the tears and to her back. She gritted her teeth and grabbed fistfulls of his sleeves at the feel of his sharp claws against her skin. He pulled away, looking straight into her eyes, a look of victory on his face. She caught her breath, looking back at him. She didn't have much power left in her. \"Sharkboy,\" she managed between her shivers of cold. \"Look, I don't know exactly how that stuff works, but I know this isn't you.\" He didn't move or say anything, just looked at her. \"I know you're in there. And no matter what happens, just wanna say...\" Her voice was a mere whisper now, her power completely gone. \"...that...I love you.\" For a moment, she saw a sign of conflict in his eyes, a sign of someone fighting back. She might never know, however, as everything went black... AN: Bat: Ooooooh! What will happen to our little friends now? Lavagirl: ARE YOU CRAZY?! This dufus is not touching me! I. WILL. KILL. HIM! Ebony: *laughing secretly* Bat: Aw, c'mon, show a little compassion to our readers, they want a little action, too. This is the first time I actually get the dang courage to go this far. Sharkboy: You better not go any farther, chika! Bat: Chillax , I have it all figured out. Thanks for reading, dudes![Chapter 5] Bat: Last chapter, dudes! Wooh! Lavagirl: Wait...you said that...you know...would happen in this story, right? If this is the last chapter, then... Sharkboy: Oh. Crap. Bat: What? I never said that! Ebony: But you implied it! That means you have to do it! A statement is as good as a promise! You have to! Bat: Woah, no! I didn't say or imply that, and I most definately am NOT going to write that! I just didn't answer their question. Sharkboy and Lavagirl: Phew... Bat: Anyway, I hope you guys enjoy it. Chapter 5 Sharkboy shook his head, feeling the dizziness hit him like a sledgehammer. He had finally regained control over himself. He had been fighting against this stuff for two weeks, but could never even begin to gain the upper hand. Looking down, he gasped at the sight of Lavagirl, uncontious and weak, with a lot of injuries, remembering how he had gained control. \"...I love you...\" It had given him new hope, a reason to keep fighting back, and he had finally won. But now he had Lavagirl to save, so he picked her up. Looking around, he kind of remembered coming into the Arctic Land of Knowledge, and he was able to quickly calculate their way back to the valcanoes. He adjusted her in his arms, holding her closer sothat her head was resting against his shoulder, and started running in the direction of where they came from. As he entered the Land of Milk and Cookies, he nearly slipped on frosting, cursing the overly-sweet junk for slowing him down. He jumped over the Stream of Consciousness and made his way into the Land of thought, dodging brains and jumping over hills. It felt like forever, but he finally reached the beach, running up the valcano as he jumped over rivers of lava flowing down the giant magma-mountain. Just as he had done three years ago, he tossed her in the lava without a second thought. This time, however, he didn't stand there like an idiot, but ducked behind a huge boulder, just in time before the lava came exploding from the mouth of the valcano again. She could feel her power returning. The blood boiling in her veins once again as the comforting heat filled her, adrinaline making her feel momentarily invincible, like the power of the universe belonged to her. She opened her eyes to a light that would be overwhelming to any other, but to her it meant power, freedom. She felt her body mend itsself, her heart pumping strongly again as the lava around her moved. She stood up, standing on the side of the valcano, one thought reaching her. \"Sharkboy!\" It came out more as a command than a call, but he appeared from behind a rock, clearly both frightened and amazed. She didn't wonder or think, she just ran to him. The only other thought that she could manage at the moment, was to automatically try and cool herself down. The moment she reached him, she threw her arms around him. She felt him stiffen at her heat, but he eventually relaxed and put his arms around her, holding her close to him. Being in his arms allowed her to calm herself down. But it was in that moment that the lost memories of the past twenty-four hours flooded into her mind, making her pull back. He looked at her, appearing concerned that something might be wrong. \"Are you okay?\" she asked, although she could see his brown eyes revealing no signs of anyone other than himself. He nodded, a gentle smile crossing his face as he rested his hand on her cheek. He pulled her closer again, holding her as his hand left her cheek and ran through her hair. \"I'm just so glad you're fine. I thought I might lose you again,\" he whispered, and she felt him placing a single kiss on top of her head. She relaxed in his arms, cuddling deeper into his chest and just enjoying the moment. After a few minutes of silence, Sharkboy spoke up: \"Lavagirl...I'm so sorry about what happened, I...I just couldn't control it.\" She looked up and gave him a sweet smile. \"It's okay, Sharky. That wasn't you at all, I know. Besides, you probably don't remember anything, right?\" But Sharkboy only shook his head. \"No, I remember everything. I could hear and see everything that went on, I just couldn't control myself.\" Her face heated up at the memory of the last thing she had told him. \"You remember...everything?\" As if knowing exactly what she meant, he smiled at her, putting his hand on her cheek again as he held her closer. \"Everything.\" This time, when his lips landed on hers in a feather-light kiss, she accepted it. They held eachother closer, planning to never let go again. Yup, life has strange ways of bringing you to your destination. It's full of mysteries and thrills, adventure just waiting to surprise you. Sometimes things don't turn out the way you planned it from the start, but it always seems to work out. Life is full of surprises, crazy times with crazy friends, crazy laughs, crazy life, and crazy love. AN: Bat: Yaay! My first multi-chapter story finished in five years! Thanks to everyone that read it! Unfortunately, we can't thank you all individually, since this story is pre-written. Ebony: We had a great time writing this story for you, and we hope to hear from you. Sharkboy: We look forward to seeing you again on Fanfiction, and remember to stay updated on any new chapters or stories from Bat. Enya: If you want, you could leave a comment and tell us wether you liked the story, or if you have ideas for us. Lavagirl: And thanks for reading! Everybody: Signing off, !Watcha! ","Summary":" Chapter 1 Lavagirl smiled sadly as she watched Sharkboy swim away, his armored fin glinting in the "},{"Movie":"Valentine's Day, 2010","Title":"Girl at Home","Author":"herotypes","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9907863","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Not That Girl When Taylor arrived at the party, she hadn't been expecting to find dozens of scantily clad celebrities and even more scantily clad dancers. Men wore suits as usual, although many parts of their attire were missing. Ties, jackets, shoes, you name it. I wonder where those got to , she thought wryly. It was an awards show after party, something many people would've given anything for an invitation to, but to Taylor it was nothing but another hazy blur of faces and fake smiles*. The other attendees smiled and greeted Taylor giddily, and she doubted they would remember anything the next morning. One particular group caught her eye; a group of boys, most of them with girls sprawled out across their laps, sat in an enclave of furniture somehow excluded from the rest of the party. She recognized them, of course; everyone here was recognizable. It was the band that had won the X Factor a few years back… what was it? One Direction? One of the members sat on a love seat by himself, and when his eyes caught hers, he waved her over. Butterflies fluttered in her stomach. She was vaguely aware of the sound of her shoes clacking on the cement, carrying her toward the boy. He grinned, dimples appearing when he did. \"Taylor Swift, I presume?\" He arched one eyebrow, his grin fading away to a much more mysterious smirk. Taylor smiled hesitantly, her eyes reflecting strobe lights from the dance floor. He was handsome, in a boyish way. He reminded her of someone from long ago, who had left her shattered and alone, desperately begging for someone -anyone- to tell her what she had done wrong. Immediately walls built themselves up around her heart, and she was determined to keep him away, just like everyone else. She realized she had been chewing on her bottom lip that whole time, and had yet to answer his question. \"Yes, that's me. I'm afraid your name has slipped my mind Mr.-\" His eyes rounded out as his mouth formed an O. He laughed out loud, and she laughed nervously along with him. He looked back up at her after a moment and swallowed down his laughter. What had he been thinking, that she would be falling head over heels for him? She didn't even know his name. Surely someone like her had higher standards than someone like him. \"Styles,\" he finished for her, while he noticed that her bangs were just a little too long*. \"Harry Edward Styles.\" \"That's a proud name, Harry Edward Styles,\" Taylor said, a hint of a smile just barely crossing her lovely features, although it didn't reach her eyes. Worry did, however, but she pushed it away. \"What were you laughing at, Harry?\" He smiled; clearly deciding he wasn't going to answer her question. \"Come on,\" he said, standing to his feet and walking towards the dance floor, \"Come and dance with me.\" Taylor shook her head no hurriedly, but when he grabbed her wrist, she froze. Or, rather, burned. He let her go after a short second, but she could still see the marks where his fingers had wrapped around her wrist. He hadn't looked back at her since he let her go; the confident bastard was simply certain that she would follow him wherever he went. And, no matter what way she considered it, she came to the startling conclusion that he was right. Harry Styles was a name that Taylor hoped she wouldn't have to hear again anytime soon. She was still petrified at the idea of anyone getting close to her, and she had a feeling that if she spent much more time with him, there wouldn't be any way to reverse the effects he had on her. He was ready to ruin her careful efforts to keep herself safe from hurt, and she'd be damned if she was going to let him. Her iPhone chirped cheerfully, and she looked down at it. New message from unknown number . Is your heart taken? Is there somebody else on your mind? I'm so sorry, I'm so confused Just tell me, am I out of time? Is your heart breaking? How do you feel about me now? I can't believe I let you walk away When, when I should have kissed you. She swallowed the knot in her throat, and sent back, who the hell gave you my number? When the little white box beeped again, she fished it out of her pocket and read the response. Who is this? read the text. Taylor: Do you just send song lyrics to random people? Unknown: No, but I thought the girl I was sending them to would appreciate them. Especially coming from me. Taylor: I guess I'm not that girl. Unknown: Guess not. She looked down and breathed out slowly, trying to pretend she didn't feel the heartache that was growing stronger by the minute. Tears threatened, and she closed her eyes. Getting hurt in front of millions of people wasn't something she looked forward to, and it never failed to happen. It wouldn't this time either. Taylor always got hurt. She curled up on her couch, in her living room, in her house. See, she told herself, you're doing just fine on your own. Meredith's paws padded across the kitchen floor as she made her way to Taylor. She leapt up onto the sofa and snuggled against Taylor's stomach. Taylor kissed the cat on the nose, and turned Grey's Anatomy on. It felt like a perfect day for reruns and pretending that Harry Styles didn't exist. *Often I use Taylor's songs to decide what emotions I think she feels toward certain things. In this particular instance, the song was Enchanted, from her album Speak Now. *Referring to her side bangs. *This is set in late 2011, prior to Harry and Taylor's semi-public relationship in 2012. Things in this story are purely fictional, and they may or may not go along with actual events that happened. I don't know much about 1D, but I'm doing my best, and so far, I like it.[Chapter 2] Begin Again Harry stared down at his shoes, not paying any mind to the rest of his mates laughing around him. Taylor hadn't received that message very well at all. He couldn't stop thinking about her words: \"I guess I'm not that girl.\" They had seared their way into his mind, and whenever he thought of Taylor's perfectly rounded red lips, those words flashed through his mind like a warning sign. Not interested . She may have well have tattooed those words on his forehead. No girl had ever rejected him as forcefully as she had. Ever. Just forget her, Harry , he scolded himself, she's just a girl . He had tried his best; in fact, he was seeing a girl on the side, although he didn't really care much for her. Louis stared at him imploringly. \"What do you think, Harry?\" Harry coughed a little, pretending to clear his throat. \"About, ah, what, exactly?\" Niall leapt up and grinned triumphantly. \"I told you all he hasn't heard a word we've been saying.\" His grin got wider and spread from ear to ear. \"I can only guess what –I mean, who- he was thinking about.\" Harry rolled his eyes. \"You were saying, Lou?\" Harry asked, annoyed with Niall's implication, no matter how true it might be. Louis opened his mouth to respond. \"We were—\" \"You would know if you hadn't been so busy daydreaming about Tayl—\" Niall interrupted. \"SHUT UP, NIALL!\" Harry frowned when he saw Niall's wounded and shell-shocked expression. \"I'm sorry, mate. It's just-That's enough.\" He paused. \"Please. I just can't talk about this right now.\" Taylor stood alone in her kitchen, the smell of baking cookies heavy in the air. Meredith was asleep in her bed, next to a small heater. Taylor occasionally thought of green eyes, and curly hair, before cutting herself short. It was senseless. She had already ruined any chance there was for anything to happen. The last time she had spent this much time thinking about someone was in December a few years back. She had never had such a beautiful and timeless romance as she had with that boy from Michigan, but just as she had time and time again, she had let fear scare her off. She had hurt him, and she still felt that no apology would ever be enough. She had spent months thinking about his smile, days spent in the passenger seat watching him laugh, and the dark December night when she had left him alone. It had been the coldest winter she had ever experienced, because, not only was it cold outside, but she was freezing inside. Harry's number is still in my phone , Taylor thought longingly, desperately needing to fix that which she had broken. She saw it on the counter, plugged in to the charger, and reached for it, not sure exactly what her intentions were. Just before her fingers brushed the surface of the phone, an alarm sounded. Taylor screamed at first, and Meredith started out of her sleep. It's just the oven, idiot . Her breathing steadied, and she started laughing hysterically. I think I'm losing my mind, and it might be a good thing . When she had finally calmed down, she slipped on an oven mitt and pulled the cookies out of the oven. They smelled delicious, which wasn't surprising. She returned to her phone and contemplated what she could say. Taylor: Where are you? Can we talk? Her phone rang less than a minute later. \"Hello?\" \"Taylor?\" Taylor thought his voice sounded even better on the phone, if that was even possible. \"Harry.\" Just his name sent a storm cloud of unwanted emotions rolling over her. The warmth of something that could easily become something more was spreading, and Taylor was unable to stop it. \"Harry, I—I'm sorry. I didn't mean for—I just, I'm so scared of getting hurt, and sometimes I forget that not everyone wants to hurt me, and—\" and then the words were flying out. \"The media makes things so hard, and I… I'm sorry. I'm just really sorry.\" She sighed, knowing there was nothing else she could do. This was his choice, not hers. Harry stared at his shoes again, not pleased that he isn't sure what to do. Harry Styles always knows what to do. \"Taylor,\" he sighed, surrendering to his emotions. \"I want to see you. Soon. Where are you now?\" \"Nashville, of course.\" She paused thoughtfully. \"I'll be in New York next week. You will be too, right? I remember you telling me about it that first night.\" Harry grinned. \"Yes, you're right, you brilliant girl. I can't believe you remember that.\" Harry wouldn't be able to believe half the things that Taylor remembered about that night. \"I'll text you later, and we'll figure out where to meet.\" The next six days passed incredibly slowly for Harry and Taylor both. He was often caught staring off into space, during tour rehearsal, late night games with his friends, even on a date with the other girl, the one named Cara. Taylor, however, spent most of her time strumming chords on a guitar, and scribbling down lyrics. \"This is a state of grace, this is the golden age of something good, and right, and real.\" Harry was often on her mind, his green eyes and that dimpled smile. It was really happening. Things were about to begin again.[Chapter 3] Red Lipstick When Harry had suggested another party, Taylor had been too thrilled to see him again to object. He was going to pick her up at her hotel in two hours. Only two more hours before they were together again. Taylor wasn't naïve like people thought, she knew what they were saying about her, about her and Harry. Contrary to the norm, this time Taylor didn't care. The gossip had started when they'd been seen together at the party, although nothing had happened and no pictures had been released, people were speculating that they were dating. Which, they were, weren't they? Taylor was appearing on a television show the next day, so her makeup team was also in The City. She didn't hesitate for a second to call them and beg them to fix her up. When they arrived, they didn't waste much time for chitchat, and got right to work. Taylor's hair was pried out of the floppy bun it had been in all day, and spritzed with heat protection. \"Straight, right, Taylor?\" The ringleader, Mazie, looked at her with bright caramel colored eyes. Taylor pursed her lips for a moment as she thought. \"Yes, I think so, Mazie. Maybe put a little bit of curl on the ends? I think it looks so classy like that. Nineteen sixties esque.\" She smiled at the thought of pearls, and Jackie O. Taylor thought that straight hair was elegant, and the best for when she was trying to impress someone. They gave Taylor a bold smoky eye, along with cat eyeliner to give her a more sweet, feminine look. As she looked at her reflection in the mirror, she felt like something was missing, but she didn't know what. She looked beautiful of course, if she was being honest with herself, but something felt off. The crew gave Taylor air kisses, as not to smudge their masterpiece, and then left in a blur of glitter and Victoria's secret perfume. Taylor's dress was red, one shouldered, and gorgeous. As she slipped it on, she reveled in the feel of the silk brushing against her legs. A sparkly black clutch lay on her dresser. Her eyebrows pinched together. Compliments of the team. Love, love, love, Mazie. Taylor smiled at Mazie's kind thoughtfulness. The clutch had to be worth hundreds of dollars, although, Mazie's family was pretty well off, and Taylor doubted the few hundred dollars would be missed. The clutch felt right in her hand, so she decided to take it along with her, slipping her phone in it as she walked over to the couch by the hotel room door to wait for Harry. When the knock sounded against the door, Taylor had been thrilled to open the door, expecting to see Harry's smiling face. That was why, when she flung open the door, a huge grin on her face, a smile meant to greet Harry, and was met by a brawny security guard dressed in black, her face fell. \"Mr. Styles is waiting for you downstairs, Miss. He told me to tell you that he thought 'That it'd be better for you, since you aren't very close to the paparazzi'.\" Taylor smiled, just a little, still disappointed Harry hadn't come to greet her, but she told herself that he was just trying to be thoughtful. \"I can take you down now, if you'd like.\" The security offered, and Taylor nodded, threading her arm into his. Harry's heart was thrumming in his chest. He had wanted dearly to be the first to see Taylor tonight, not some stupid security guard, but he had been reminded that he was actually dating another girl, and he had to be careful around the media, at least until he broke things off with Cara. When the cameras started flashing outside, he started out of his reverie, and realized that Taylor must have just gotten out of the hotel. He turned his head to face his window, so that when Taylor opened her door, his face could not be seen. Someone opened the door, and he was aware of someone sitting beside him. He could practically feel Taylor's curiosity, but he didn't turn around until he heard her shut the door. \"Harry? What're you doing? Why won't you look at me?\" He turned to face her, a wide smile on his face. \"I was afraid if I looked at you, you might disappear.\" Taylor smiled, and reached out to touch his face, her hand cupping his cheek. \"I'm not going anywhere. I promise.\" Harry's eyes met hers, and his breath caught, because in the depths of her blue eyes, he saw that she wanted the same thing he did. So he kissed her. Taylor had imagined what this moment might be like, this kiss. She never could have imagined how electric it would be, how frantic and desperate and craving. His hand had moved to the small of her waist, his body pressing on to hers. Things were progressing quickly, and a warning was going off in Taylor's mind. Suddenly the car slammed on brakes, jerking Harry off of Taylor and into the floorboard. Taylor laughed so hard that she snorted, and Harry pretended to be annoyed, before failing and laughing along with her. She was just so adorable when she laughed that he couldn't help it. He scrambled up off the floor and planted one more sweet kiss on her lips. \"Buckle up, Harry Edward Styles. We need you safe.\" A joking smile spread across her lips. Harry frowned thoughtfully. \"No red lipstick tonight?\" he said. \"I guess it might've been a good thing since, you know—\" he gestured around his mouth, where just a few minutes before her lips had been pressed. Lipstick ! That's what had been missing when she was looking at herself in the mirror. Her trademark red lipstick made her whole appearance change. She remembered the black clutch Mazie had given her, and wondered if the thoughtful makeup artist had also included some touch up supplies in there. When she opened it, she wasn't surprised to find a shiny tube of scarlet lipstick. She waved in front of Harry's face with a flirty smile. \"Found it! Guess the kissing won't be a problem for the rest of the night,\" she teased lightly. Harry made a sound of displeasure, and Taylor giggled. He snatched the tube from her hand and uncapped it. Taylor looked at him curiously. He took his hand and held her chin steady, and spread the lipstick against her lips. When he pulled her away, she pressed her lips together, and rubbed them against each other. \"Perfect,\" Harry said, his voice a little unsteady. Taylor blinked. Before she could respond, the car slowed to a stop. \"We're here.\" Harry stepped out of the car, turning back to offer Taylor his hand. \"M'lady,\" he said with a playful smirk. Taylor took a deep breath and touched her hand to his. \"Let's go.\" ","Summary":" Not That Girl When Taylor arrived at the party, she hadn't been expecting to find dozens of scantil"},{"Movie":"Pinocchio","Title":"Pinocchio 5 Journey To Manhattan","Author":"ronnlee.morris","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13218728","Passage":"[Chapter 1] p class=\"p1\" /p p class=\"p2\"span class=\"s1\" Pinocchio and Pinocchia were watching a TV show that takes place in New York City, New York. Pinocchio became really impressed about the show, he told his father Geppetto that he wants to visit the class=\"Apple-converted-space\" /span\"Of course we can go. We'll see lots of great things like the Statue of Liberty and so forth,\" Geppetto class=\"Apple-converted-space\" /span/span/p p class=\"p2\"span class=\"s1\"\"Let's pack tonight and leave tomorrow morning,\" Pinocchio class=\"Apple-converted-space\" /span/span/p p class=\"p2\"span class=\"s1\"\"Sounds like a wonderful idea,\" replied Geppetto./span/p p class=\"p2\"span class=\"s1\"\"I second that,\" Pinocchia added. span class=\"Apple-converted-space\" /span/span/p p class=\"p2\"span class=\"s1\"They started packing their essential belongings and went straight to sleep that class=\"Apple-converted-space\" /span/span/p p class=\"p2\"span class=\"s1\"The next day, Pinocchio, Pinocchia, and Geppetto were off to the airport. They simply boarded the plane which took off several minutes later. Pinocchio was kind enough to let Pinocchia sit by the class=\"Apple-converted-space\" /span/span/p p class=\"p2\"span class=\"s1\"\"Wow! I can see France from up here,\" Pinocchia class=\"Apple-converted-space\" /span/span/p p class=\"p2\"span class=\"s1\"\"Well I'm sure you can,\" Pinocchio responded. Many hours later, the plane officially landed on the New York City international airport. Pinocchio, Pinocchia, and Geppetto claimed their luggages and took a ride from a taxicab. which toured them around the stunning streets of New York City. After many joyful hours of touring, they decided to tell the driver to stop at a hotel. They decided to stay for two months. Nighttime fell and Pinocchia was checking herself out in front of the mirror. She then started brushing her hair before braiding class=\"Apple-converted-space\" /span/span/p p class=\"p2\"span class=\"s1\"\"Pinocchio, how do I look?\" She class=\"Apple-converted-space\" /span/span/p p class=\"p2\"span class=\"s1\"\"You look as lovely as a flower,\" Pinocchio answered. Meanwhile, Geppetto was reading a newspaper when something on it caught his eye: a public barbecue party in Manhattan class=\"Apple-converted-space\" /span/span/p p class=\"p2\"span class=\"s1\"\"Hey Pinocchio, Pinocchia, there's going to be a free public barbecue party in Manhattan Beach tomorrow evening,\" Geppetto class=\"Apple-converted-space\" /span/span/p p class=\"p2\"span class=\"s1\"\"Yummy! We should go!\" Pinocchio stated. When Pinocchio and Pinocchia went to sleep that night, Geppetto decided to tell them the story of the grandmother tree so that they know were their bodies actually came from aside from the grandfather tree. The next morning, Pinocchio, Pinocchia, and Geppetto went to the hotel's front lobby to eat free breakfast food. Pinocchio had waffles with maple syrup. Pinocchia had pancakes with maple syrup. Last but not least, Geppeto had oatmeal with class=\"Apple-converted-space\" /span/span/p p class=\"p2\"span class=\"s1\"\"So the grandparents trees are where Pinocchia and I really came from?\" Pinocchio asked./span/p p class=\"p2\"span class=\"s1\"\"Yes indeed. Without them, you all obviously wouldn't be here right now enjoying your delicious breakfast,\" Geppetto replied. After they ate breakfast, they decided to go out and tour the city on foot in order to save money from riding a taxicab. Pinocchio, Pinocchia, and Geppetto took pictures of themselves pretty much with every valuable displays in New York City including the Statue of Liberty. The evening hour fell and it was time to head over to Manhattan Beach. Pinocchio, Pinocchia, and Geppetto took off their shoes so that they won't get sand in them. There were people dancing to music played by a DJ and of course they were also eating barbecued food. Pinocchio, Pinocchia, and Geppetto stood in line for the food being served. When it was their turn, the cooker physically grabbed Pinocchio and Pinocchia and told Geppetto that since Pinocchio and Pinocchia are not real humans, she could use them for her stage class=\"Apple-converted-space\" /span/span/p p class=\"p2\"span class=\"s1\"\"But you didn't really ask my permission,\" Geppetto class=\"Apple-converted-space\" /span/span/p p class=\"p2\"span class=\"s1\"\"Well too bad. They're in my hands now. See you later, old-timer,\" the cooker said as she left the party leaving her assistant to take class=\"Apple-converted-space\" /span/span/p p class=\"p2\"span class=\"s1\"\"I got to find a way to take my kids back,\" Geppetto wondered. After finishing his food, he put his shoes back on and carried the shoes of Pinocchio and Pinocchia. Geppetto called a taxicab to bring him back to the hotel just after picking up the recent newspaper. He read it until he noticed something. It was an advertisement of a class=\"Apple-converted-space\" /span/span/p p class=\"p2\"span class=\"s1\"\"Maybe that's where she's taking them,\" Geppetto thought to himself. He then went to sleep. The next morning, he quickly ate breakfast at the lobby and headed to the venue of this play/musical just after purchasing a ticket from the hotel. By the time the curtain opened, he was right. Pinocchio and Pinocchia were on stage singing and dancing. As soon as it was over, Geppetto snuck into the back of the stage and gently took Pinocchio and Pinocchia./span/p p class=\"p2\"span class=\"s1\"\"Thanks for saving us, father,\" Pinocchia class=\"Apple-converted-space\" /span/span/p p class=\"p2\"span class=\"s1\"\"No problem. Let's just get you out of here now,\" Geppetto answered. span class=\"Apple-converted-space\" /span/span/p p class=\"p3\"span class=\"s1\"span class=\"Apple-converted-space\" /span/span/p ","Summary":" p class=\"p1\" /p p class=\"p2\"span class=\"s1\" Pinocchio and Pinocchia were watching a TV show t"},{"Movie":"Pinocchio","Title":"Pinocchio 10 Pinocchio's Baptism","Author":"ronnlee.morris","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13241741","Passage":"[Chapter 1] p class=\"p2\"span class=\"s1\" Hi. I'm Ronnlee Morris. I received a phone call from Pinocchio. He wants me to be his godfather for his baptism. \"That would be awesome,\" I cheered. \"Please come to Tuscany by tomorrow morning,\" Pinocchio informed. The next day, I was already packed and headed straight to the San Diego airport. By the time I arrived at Tuscany, I decided to eat some pasta with Pinocchio. A few hours later, we went to church. The priest spoke his recitation and touched Pinocchio with holy water. After his baptism, we ate dinner at a pizzeria. We then went to an arcade and played some games some nights before I flew back to San Diego. I kept a digital photo on my phone of Pinocchio being baptized. I officially became Pinocchio's class=\"Apple-converted-space\" /span/span/p ","Summary":" p class=\"p2\"span class=\"s1\" Hi. I'm Ronnlee Morris. I received a phone call from Pinocchio. He "},{"Movie":"Pinocchio","Title":"Pinocchio 9 Pinocchio Goes Outer Space","Author":"ronnlee.morris","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13226911","Passage":"[Chapter 1] p class=\"p1\" /p p class=\"p2\"span class=\"s1\" Pinocchio was watching TV when a commercial came on. An air and space museum was opening in Tuscany,Italy. \"I've always wanted to learn about flying,\" Pinocchio stated. \"Me too,\" Pinocchia added. Geppetto took Pinocchio and Pinocchia to that museum. While they were there, they saw a real rocket that came with helmets. Geppetto, Pinocchio and Pinocchia put them on and went inside the rocket. Pinocchio looked around and pushed the start button. They took off in ten seconds. By the time they reached outer space, they landed on the moon. They noticed that the wishing star was obviously closer than it is from Earth. Seconds later, the star transformed into the blue fairy. \"Thank you for coming to visit me,\" she said. \"You may give me any wish you want,\" she continued. \"Okay. I wish I can be smarter in school,\" Pinocchio demanded. As a result, he began to perfectly name all the planets in our solar system. He also began to calculate complex mathematical equations verbally. \"I wish I was smarter too,\" Pinocchia demanded. As a result, she began speaking scientifically. \"I wish I can live somewhat longer,\" Geppetto claimed. He, Pinocchio and Pinocchia later went inside the rocket and traveled back to Earth. As they did, someone unexpectedly wanted to buy the rocket just so he can harm the blue fairy and grant him all his evil wishes. It was Stromboli the puppet master who escaped from jail. \"You're not taking the rocket, you buffoon,\" Geppetto yelled. Several seconds later, Pinocchio and Pinocchia had a brilliant idea. \"I got it. Let's wrap him with that fire hose,\" Pinocchio commanded. Pinocchia went to grab it and she wrapped Stromboli subsequently while Pinocchio tied the hose's end and blinded him with a fire extinguisher. Several minutes later, the Tuscany police came, arrested Stromboli and took him back to jail. When Pinocchio and Pinocchia went to school the next weekday, they were promoted as star students due to their newly improved intelligence they wished from the blue fairy. span class=\"Apple-converted-space\" /span/span/p ","Summary":" p class=\"p1\" /p p class=\"p2\"span class=\"s1\" Pinocchio was watching TV when a commercial came "},{"Movie":"Pinocchio","Title":"Give a Little Whistle","Author":"writerworld1998","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13229141","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Give a Little Whistle Jiminy Cricket hopped over to Pinocchio's foot as he said, \"And anytime you need me, you know, just whistle – like this!\" He removed his hat and did a little whistle. \"Like this?\" Pinocchio asked. He tried whistling, too, but he only managed to blow some air. \"No, no, try it again, Pinoke,\" Jiminy said. \"Like this?\" Pinocchio asked; he tried whistling again, but he only got air again. \"No, son,\" Jiminy said to him, \"Now listen.\" He whistled a little tune. Pinocchio tried repeating until he managed to whistle the very last two notes. \"That's it!\" Pinocchio beamed, \"Now let's sing it!\" He did a little dance for the puppet as he sang: When you get in trouble And you don't know right from wrong Give a little whistle (whistles into his hat before covering it with his hand) Give a little whistle (removes his hand to let the whistle's echo come out his hat) When you meet temptation And the urge is very strong Give a little whistle ( Pinocchio tried copying Jiminy's move of whistling into his hat) Give a little whistle ( although he only managed to blow out some air ) Not just a little squeak ( Pinocchio looked inside his hat for the whistle) Pucker up and blow! (bows into a jug) And if your whistle's weak, yell… \"Jiminy Cricket!\" Pinocchio guessed as he stood up with a smile. \"Right!\" added Jiminy as he danced on a violin's strings like a tightrope walker and kept singing: Take the straight and narrow path And if you start to slide Give a little whistle (slides the violin string up) Give a little whistle (slides the violin string down) And always let your conscience be your guide! One of the strings then snapped at Jiminy, making him jump off onto a shelf, and then he used his umbrella like a trombone to hum his song. When he came to a wooden pipe, Jiminy bends over the pipe and smells it, kept singing: Ooh, oooooooooh, ooooooh, oooooooooooooooooooooh! Jiminy falls off the shelf. Before, Jiminy Cricket falls from the shelf and he's landing onto a saw. Jiminy Cricket is bouncing up and down, as the saw is whistling, it lift him up to bounce. He's holding his two feet up and his legs up to his crotch and his butt to bounce on the saw. Jiminy lands on the saw with his leg split for his crotch and his butt of the baby diaper, as it lift him up again like the trampoline, Jiminy fixed his necktie, as he lands on the saw to bounce highest up like the bird to fly with wings. And Jiminy lands on the saw to jump up and he's landing on a cuckoo clock, as Jiminy is doing the tap dancing on the cuckoo clock and he's getting the minute hand onto 11:30 and knocked the door with his umbrella, before leading a line of figurines representing a farmer, his wife, a cow, and a maiden ringing bells. As the clock figurines went into a different door, Jiminy sang as he admired the maiden figure: Take the straight and narrow path And if you start to slide Give a little whistle (tips his hat) Yoo-hoo! Give a little whistle Woo-hoo! And always let your conscience be your guide! As Jiminy tried to follow the maiden, the door closed, making him bump into the door. Meanwhile, Pinocchio was walking on his shelf and sang, \"And always let your conscience be your guide!\" However, he wasn't looking where he was going. \"Look out, Pinoke!\" cried Jiminy. So Pinocchio got his feet caught in some pails, and then bumped into a bunch of bottles! ","Summary":" Give a Little Whistle Jiminy Cricket hopped over to Pinocchio's foot as he said, \"And anytime you "},{"Movie":"Pinocchio","Title":"Pinocchio 7 Back To Human Life","Author":"ronnlee.morris","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13221175","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The coachman was employing all the donkeys at the Salt Mines in Tuscany, Italy. \"Come on. Let's keep it going,\" he commanded. The donkeys were forced to pull the salt wagons on a leash. The coachman whipped the donkeys that were moving too slow. Some of the donkeys can still talk like humans. \"I want to go home!\" One donkey complained. \"Shut up and get back to work,\" the coachman complained back. Gideon and Foulfellow were assisting him. Meanwhile, Pinocchio, Pinocchia and Geppetto saw on the news that a flock of donkeys were being enslaved and abused illegally. \"I have an idea,\" Pinocchio thought. \"I'll wish upon the star to turn the donkeys back into humans.\" That night, Pinocchio kneeled by the window and prayed his wish. He went to sleep afterwards. The next morning, Pinocchio and Pinocchia were walking to school. While doing so, they saw two men who almost look familiar especially by their clothing. \"Gideon, Foulfellow, is that you?\" Pinocchio asked. \"Yes, it is us,\" Foulfellow answered. \"The blue fairy came to us last night and granted your wish to turn us and the donkeys back into humans. You have saved us from being cursed just for misbehaving. We thank you so much,\" Foulfellow stated. \"Yeah, we thank you,\" Gideon spoke for the first time. They decided to go to school with Pinocchio and Pinocchia. After school, they bought and ate gelato. Later in the afternoon, Gideon and Foulfellow visited Geppetto with Pinocchio and Pinocchia. They all ate dinner at his shophouse. Meanwhile, the coachman was arrested for slavery and illegal employment. He was sentenced to life in prison. For that reason, Pleasure Island was safe again like it always should. As the weekend came, Pinocchio, Pinocchia, Geppetto, Gideon and Foulfellow decided to go to Pleasure Island to have fun. Pinocchio met someone he hasn't seen in such a long time. It was Lampwick in human form. \"Hey there, buddy,\" he greeted. \"Long time, no see,\" he continued. \"Well it's so nice to meet you again,\" Pinocchio replied. As they were about to somehow continue their conversation, someone else came to stop by. It was Alexander. \"Hey there, Alex. This is my friend Pinocchio,\" Lampwick stated. \"So you're a living puppet without strings. Right?\" Alexander asked. \"Yes I am,\" Pinocchio confirmed. \"I heard that you were the one who wished me and all the other boys to turn us back from donkeys to humans,\" Alexander. \"Well I was. How did you know?\" Pinocchio responded. \"The blue fairy told me and all the other boys,\" Alexander responded back. ","Summary":" The coachman was employing all the donkeys at the Salt Mines in Tuscany, Italy. \"Come on. Let's ke"},{"Movie":"Pinocchio","Title":"Pinocchio 6 A Waitress-Maid To The Rescue","Author":"ronnlee.morris","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13220458","Passage":"[Chapter 1] p class=\"p1\"span class=\"s1\"Geppetto was watching TV when something on it caught his eye: a '50s diner was opening in Sicily,Italy. The food shown in the commercial looked so good. Geppetto decided to tell Pinocchio and Pinocchia about it. A few days later, they officially went to eat at that diner. Geppetto ordered a hotdog with curly fries and a root beer float. Pinocchio ordered a hamburger with regular fries and a chocolate milkshake. Last but not least, Pinocchia ordered two corn dogs with seasoned fries and a vanilla milkshake. While they were eating, the coachman with Gideon and Foulfellow made a surprising visit. They simply noticed Pinocchio and Pinocchia. \"I see Pinocchio has a girlfriend now,\" the coachman stated. \"What do you want?\" Pinocchio questioned. \"Well don't you want to have fun in Pleasure Island again?\" The coachman added. \"No! I don't want you to turn me nor my girlfriend into donkeys!\" Pinocchio cried. The coachman, Gideon and Foulfellow just ignored Pinocchio. They physically grabbed him and dragged him to the coachman's carriage. Not only did they take Pinocchio, they also took Pinocchia. However, the waitress-maid of the '50s diner known as Wendy Malta stepped in to help Geppetto save his two living stringless puppets. Wendy was born and raised in Pittsburgh,Pennsylvania but her parents were born and raised in Sicily. They moved to Pittsburgh after graduating from high school and attended college majoring in business. After graduating from college, Wendy's parents moved to San Francisco, California and opened up an Italian restaurant. When Wendy herself graduated from high school in Pittsburgh, she moved to Sicily and opened up the '50s diner Pinocchio, Pinocchia and Geppetto ate at. Geppetto rode in Wendy's car to chase the coachman. She and Geppetto eventually followed him all the way to Pleasure Island. There, the coachman forced Wendy to smoke and drink the beer offered in Pleasure Island just so she can secretly turn into a donkey but she refused. As a result, Wendy pulled out her disinfectant spray bottle and sprayed the coachman's eyes. At that point, she and Geppetto quickly grabbed Pinocchio and Pinocchia into her car but Gideon and Foulfellow were chasing after them. As a result, Wendy brushed Gideon and Foulfellow's faces with her feather duster until they sneezed which caused them to lose track of chasing them. Wendy, Geppetto,Pinocchio and Pinocchia headed back to the diner where Wendy became close friends with them and decided to serve them food for class=\"Apple-converted-space\" /span/span/p ","Summary":" p class=\"p1\"span class=\"s1\"Geppetto was watching TV when something on it caught his eye: a '50s"},{"Movie":"Pinocchio","Title":"Pinocchio 4 The Return of Stromboli","Author":"ronnlee.morris","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12845029","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Pinocchio 4 The Return of Stromboli Pinocchio and Pinocchia were walking down streets enjoying their weekend. \"Mmm! This ice cream is good. How's yours?\" Pinocchia commented. \"I like mines too,\" Pinocchio answered. The two stopped by a museum. \"Look at that picture of an old man,\" said Pinocchia. \"You can tell he's a woodcarver just like my father,\" Pinocchio added. Hours later, the young couple left the museum. They stopped by a toy store. They then took a walk in the park. Out of nowhere, they spotted a horse wagon. Pinocchio was shocked to know who it was. The horse wagon approached the park to take a rest. Out came it's driver. It was the ever well known Stromboli. \"Hey I've seen you before. Where have you been?\" Stromboli asked. Pinocchio told the truth: \"The blue fairy came and waved her magic wand which unlocked the cage you locked me in.\" Stromboli arched his eyebrows. \"Well you owe me a performance. You and your girlfriend here.\" Pinocchio rebelled: \"No, you're going to lock me up in the cage again!\" Stromboli rebottled: \"Well it's either a performance or I take your girlfriend with me alone.\" Pinocchio lost the bet: \"Fine. I'll perform.\" That night, Pinocchio and Pinocchia were performing on stage. After the show was done, Pinocchio and Pinocchia were inside Stromboli's wagon. Stromboli was counting the money while Pinocchio and Pinocchia were just sitting there watching him. Hours later, Stromboli locked them up in bird cages. Stromboli went to start his wagon. Pinocchio called Jiminy Cricket. Several minutes later, the cricket came. He tried to unlock the cage but he couldn't. For that reason, Pinocchio wished upon the star so that the fairy could come. As she came, she asked what happened. \"He said he was going to take my girlfriend here if I didn't want to perform,\" said Pinocchio. She magically unlocked the cages. Pinocchio and Pinocchia were free. They went home. ","Summary":" Pinocchio 4 The Return of Stromboli Pinocchio and Pinocchia were walking down streets enjoying thei"},{"Movie":"Pinocchio","Title":"The Wood Who Became Real (Pilot)","Author":"MediaMaster 263","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12726385","Passage":"[Chapter 1] On a beautiful day of June, 1903, a man named Mr. Antonio cut down a tree and brought the log to his shop. He was planning to make it into a leg for a chair, but he gave it to a carpenter named Gepetto. Gepetto made a little wooden marionette. He named it Pinocchio. One night, Gepetto put Pinocchio on his work table and retired to his bed. A blue light came into the room and turned into a person. This blue fairy came up to the wooden puppet, waved her wand, and magic sparkles shined over the toy. In a blink of an eye, the Blue Fairy disappeared. Suddenly, the puppet moved his hands, blinked his eyes, and kicked his legs. This is where our story begins. Don't think this is the same story you hear when you go to bed. This story is a little different. Pinocchio and Gepetto were a very happy family, but it was hard to keep Pinocchio under control. People come to Gepetto because Pinocchio has been getting in trouble lately. Pinocchio has been taking things without permission, he writes stuff on the walls, and every time someone asks him a question, he says, \"That's what she said.\" 2 days later, the Blue Fairy returned to give Pinocchio an assignment. She said that if Pinocchio wanted to be a real boy, he had to do three simple tasks. He must prove himself truthful, brave, and unselfish. If he did all those tasks, Pinocchio would become a real boy. The Blue Fairy also gave the job of being Pinocchio's conscious to a cricket named Jiminy since Pinocchio didn't have one. One day, Pinocchio met a fox and a cat, which entered him in a puppet show, ran by Stromboli. After the show was successful, Stromboli put Pinocchio in a cage to make sure he won't run away. Luckily, Jiminy broke Pinocchio out of the cage and ran back home, but they bumped into two kids named Jerome and Lampwick. The two became good friends with Pinocchio. The trio then met up with the fox and the cat. They told them about Pleasure Island, a rule free paradise. There are no bedtimes, parents, or girls. It is boys only. At first, Pinocchio and Jerome didn't want to go, but Lampwick talked them into going. Jiminy warned Pinocchio not to go, but he ignored him. The three friends got on the carriage and it left to Pleasure Island. Jiminy stowed himself on the carriage right before it left to make sure Pinocchio and his friends don't get into trouble. During their time on Pleasure Island, Pinocchio, Lampwick, and Jerome were having fun by gambling, smoking, and drinking. Jiminy tried to reason with Pinocchio, but he wouldn't leave. Jiminy then left Pinocchio at the bar with Lampwick and Jerome with him. Then, Jiminy saw something unusual. He saw millions of donkeys dressed like boys. He soon realized that the magic of Pleasure Island is turning misbehaving boys into donkeys. In shock, Jiminy ran back to the bar to save Pinocchio and his friends. Meanwhile, Pinocchio and Jerome saw Lampwick grow donkey ears. Then he grew a tail. Finally, Lampwick realized that he was turning into a donkey. Soon, Pinocchio and Jerome grew donkey ears and a tail. When Jiminy arrived, he told the boys what he saw. At that point, he realized that Pinocchio and Jerome had almost become donkeys themselves. Fortunately, they escaped, leaving Lampwick the donkey behind since it was too late for him. Just when they thought they escaped, they were face to face with a new kind of danger This danger is called The Interrogator. When he asks questions, he gets answers. What made it worse is that Gepetto got swallowed by a whale while searching for him. The Interrogator had tricked Gepetto into going out into the ocean to look for Pinocchio. Luckily, Lampwick returned as a full donkey. He was distracting The Interrogator so Pinocchio and Jerome can escape. Determined to save his father, Pinocchio jumped into the ocean and sacrificed his life to save Gepetto. However, in the process, Jerome became a donkey and became food for the whale. Jiminy and Gepetto made it to shore safely, but Pinocchio had died. Once they returned to the workshop, Gepetto laid Pinocchio on his bed, praying that he will be safe in the afterlife along with his friends, Jerome and Lampwick. Suddenly, a miracle happened. The Blue Fairy returned. She explained that because of Pinocchio's caring act, she will bring him and his friends back to life, but as real boys. Lampwick and Jerome entered the workshop with smiles on their face. As for Pinocchio, he is finally a real boy. Everyone was happy in delight. It was a great moment for all of them, but where are they now? Jerome grew up to become the new mayor of Roxbury. Lampwick died of heart failure after having a stroke which made him unable to finish his acting career. Jiminy Cricket was squashed on the day of his wedding by an old blind man. That blind man was Gepetto. After he got hit by a horse carriage, Gepetto had lost vision of his eyes and had broken legs for 5 months. Pinocchio moved to the United States after he graduated from college and married a woman named Lisa. They still live in their big and fancy house on Bleaker Street. In 1933, Pinocchio then got a job as an animator for Walt Disney. He told Disney about his adventure and Disney decided to make it into an animated movie in 1940. After the movie was made, Lisa had a child and Pinocchio named the baby Gepetto after his father's death. Besides the fact some of Pinocchio's friends have gone to the afterlife, they all lived happily ever after The End ","Summary":" On a beautiful day of June, 1903, a man named Mr. Antonio cut down a tree and brought the log to hi"},{"Movie":"Pinocchio","Title":"Pinocchio 8 Foreign Guidance","Author":"ronnlee.morris","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13225031","Passage":"[Chapter 1] p class=\"p1\"span class=\"s1\"Pinocchio 8 Foreign Guidancespan class=\"Apple-converted-space\" /span/span/p p class=\"p2\"span class=\"s1\" Hi. I'm Ronnlee Morris. I was studying Italian one day and went to sleep that night. When I woke up the next morning, I had a wonderful idea: Go to Italy. After my hygiene and breakfast, I started packing. I decided to particularly travel to Tuscany since that is where my favorite character is from. I ubered to the San Diego airport. After passing security, I was officially boarding the plane. By the time I found my assigned seat, I began jamming to my favorite music on my phone until I fell asleep. Several hours later, the plane finally landed. I stepped out and claimed my luggage. I decided to walk so I can save money. I walked until I reached the village of Tuscany,Italy. There was someone I just wanted to see. It was the living puppet boy known as Pinocchio. He was sitting on a park bench getting some fresh air. I walked up to him. \"Hello there, Pinocchio,\" I greeted. \"Hi. How do you know my name?\" He responded. \"You're my favorite character. I've seen your movie dozens of times,\" I stated. \"Well that's nice,\" Pinocchio replied. \"I see you have luggage. Why don't you stay at my place,\" he continued being nice. \"Absolutely. You bet,\" I commented. I followed him all the way to his shophouse. \"Hi, Pinocchio. Who's this visiting us?\" Geppetto asked after Pinocchio opened the front door. \"This is Ronnlee. He's from San Diego,California,\" Pinocchi added. \"Well nice to meet you, Ronnlee. I'm Geppetto and this is my daughter Pinocchia,\" Geppetto said. \"She's my sister/girlfriend,\" Pinocchio added. I had the most delicious alfredo pasta I have ever tasted for dinner. The next day, Pinocchio and I went to a museum. I saw a drawing of a beautiful woman as well as a statue of a beautiful woman. Pinocchio saw an abstract drawing of lines land circles. We became hungry after all that walking and watching in the museum. We decided to eat lunch at a pizzeria. Pinocchio then toured me to a disco hall where we simply danced. After that, we went to Lampwick's house where we played games and watched movies. The last thing we did just before I departed back to San Diego was watch a puppet show hosted and conducted by a new master since Stromboli was imprisoned for class=\"Apple-converted-space\" /span/span/p ","Summary":" p class=\"p1\"span class=\"s1\"Pinocchio 8 Foreign Guidancespan class=\"Apple-converted-space\" /sp"},{"Movie":"Pinocchio","Title":"Pinocchio: The Fate of Evil","Author":"TheTexasPowerhouse","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11382548","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Pinocchio The Fate of Evil Short Stories by TexasPowerhouse Inspired by the film \"Pinocchio\" by Walt Disney Pictures Based on the characters in the novel \"Pinocchio\" by Carlo Collodi Preface As a child, I have immensely enjoyed the spectacle of the film and the joy of reading the book. However, when I saw the film again as an adult, I noticed one thing that really got my attention. NONE of the antagonists, EXCEPT Monstro the Whale, got what they deserved. That is why I have written these three short stories. As with great stories of good vs. evil, expect big climaxes with some action. I hope you enjoy it! The three chapters are as follows: Chapter 1: Stromboli – After Pinocchio and Jiminy Cricket flee with the help of the Blue Fairy, Stromboli vents over the loss of his 'little wooden gold mine'. Little did he suspect what was coming up for his next 'big act'. Chapter 2: Honest John and Gideon – The sly fox and his mute fall guy have just finished rounding up the 'stupid little boys' for the Coachman. They bask in their big pay check, completely unaware of the wrath of an angry parent. Chapter 3: The Coachman – About a month after Pinocchio and Lampwick have made their mark, the sinister man of Pleasure Island keeps his evil business going like a fountain of gold. But when one of his minions gets a wake-up call, the Coachman quickly finds himself on the short end of the business stick. Chapter 1: Stromboli [Late one afternoon, we see the town of Matera alive and well. With markets bustling with families and children at play, the streets are filled with joy on this warm sunny day.] [Just outside of town, we see a train of two mules pulling two wagons with the puppet-master Stromboli at the reigns. The train pulls into an open field of grass, populated only by a few lamp posts. It's apparent that this field is occasionally used as a free speech or performance venue.] [We see Stromboli tame the mules, and hops off his driver's seat. He goes to the back of the train, stretching his legs, as he talks.] Stromboli: Ah, Matera. The most beautiful grass, the bluest skies, and the richest of peoples. Heh, heh, heh. Oh, Pinocchio! Pino— [Stromboli is stopped when he sees the back door of his train open. He quickly proceeds inside, looking for the spirited marionette.] Stromboli: Wha-? Who dares to enter my home? Ladro! Show yourself or I will- [From outside, we hear Stromboli gasp followed by random rummaging around in the wagon. Stromboli becomes increasingly frustrated and mad as he continues searching.] Stromboli: Pinocchio? PINOCCHIO! SHOW YOURSELF! Mostrati o ti uccido1! Mostrati2! Pinocchio, Vieni qui adesso!3 [Stromboli, very angry, storms out of the wagon. He dearches all around and under the wagon train while fuming angrily.] Stromboli: Sei un idiota ragazzo ! Vi tagliare e farvi mettere sul mio camino stasera!4 Vieni qui adesso! Pinocchio! PINOCCHIO! [Stromboli stops on the right front side of the wagon train. Still venting in frustration, Stromboli slowly comes to terms that his little wooden gold mine has vanished for good. He screams as he kicks the wagon wheel in anger.] Stromboli: Maledizioni !5 [The kick startles the mules. The mules buck wildly, kicking the wagon train.] [Inside the first wagon in the train, we see a lantern hanging from the roof of the wagon, faintly lit. Suddenly, the mules legs kick through, knocking the lantern off of its post. The lantern falls and shatters, starting a cnsiderable fire.] [Outside, the mules, still bucking, break their rigging off from the wagon. Once free, they run off into the fields. Stromboli, seeing his mules running, gives chase after them.] Stromboli: Hey! Camilla! Rolleta! Stop! Torna qui! Stop, voi muli stupidi !6 [The mules blaze on, leaving Stromboli and the smoking wagon in the dust. Stromboli, panting and grunting in exhaustion, stops to catch his breath.] Stromboli: Torna qui ora ! Camilla ! Rolleta ! Ritorno!7 Muli stupidi! [Suddenly, the first wagon, once smoking, quickly becomes engulfed in flames.] [Stromboli, still panting, hears some crackling behind him. He slowly turns around. Just when Stromboli gasps in shock and horror, the second wagon in the train catches fire. Stromboli screams in terror.] Stromboli: NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! NO, NO, NO! La mia casa! Il mio prezioso a casa! La mia vita! Le mie marionette ! MIO ORO !8 NOOOOO! [From above, we see Stromboli running into the town, screaming for help and water. The camera zooms away as Stromboli's screaming dies down.] Stromboli: Aiuto! Aiutami! Fuoco ! C'è il fuoco ! Ho bisogno di acqua! Acqua ! Chiunque con acqua ! Mi aiuti per favore!9 [The screams fade away and the image fades to black.] The End of Chapter 1 Chapter 2: Honest John and Gideon [It's the night that Pinocchio and Lampwick go to Pleasure Island. In Gepetto's hometown, Collodi one would think, we hear cheerful laughs and cheers from the voice of \"Honest\" John Worthington Foulfellow.] [In a dark alley, we see John and his partner, \"Kitty\" Gideon, smiling happily at the big bag of gold coins that John is holding. John happily explains their plans in the near future.] John: Ha, Ha, Ha, Ha! Ah, Kitty! All of our hard work paid off. The Coachman paid us the hefty sum that he had promised, with a bit extra for that really naughty boy Candlewick, or whatever his name was. [From another part of the alleyway, a good distance away from John and Gideon, we see a shadow of a man in ragged clothes scurry away quietly. We see John and Gideon still smiling at their ticket to the good life.] John: At any rate, we're set for a nice long time, Kitty. [The camera shows Kitty smiling with his eyes closed as he keeps pace with John.] John: Ah, I can smell it now. Finely-roasted chicken breasts smothered in dressing, lemon juice, and herbs...with a side of seasoned tuna, and real milk from real cows. Mmmmmm-mmm! With a touch of lemon-mousse cake for dessert! [Suddenly, a man's hand grabs Kitty at the throat and pulls his swiftly away. John, still in his dreamland, doesn't notice and keeps on dreaming on the happy life.] John: Oh, ho, ho, ho, ho, Kitty! We can have that and many more feasts in our new home. A beautiful villa in the center of town, laced with strong fences of elegant design, and several living rooms for our many moments of entertainment! Oh, hoo, hoo! I'm getting all excited just thinking about that! Eh, what say you, Kitty? [John looks around, and quickly realizes that Kitty is gone, and that he's all alone in the dark alley. John is not comfortable with the situation. He calls for his friend while standing his ground.] John: Huh? Kitty! KITTY! Where are you, my friend?! Kitty, if you don't get back here soon, you're going to miss out! [The camera catches a close-up shot of John, still looking around, waiting for his friend to respond. After a moment, John makes a decision.] John: Very well, Kitty. More for me! [Suddenly, John yelps at the sight of a man, Matchman. Matchman is a physically imposing middle-aged man wearing ragged clothing, including a worn-down top hat. Matchman also has a club in his hand, currently in a down, non-threatining way.] John: YIII-! Oh! Oh, sir! You startled me! Matchman: Yeah, uh, sorry about the scare. Uh, I couldn't help but hear you, uh, talking to your friend about your, uh, recent score. John: Oh, ya-What's it to you, my fine sir? Matchman: You, uh, mention some kid named, uh, Lampwick? [The name puzzles John initially, but then it hits John in realization.] John: Lampwi—Oh, yeah! Yeah, that's the boy's name- [Suddenly, BOOM! Matchman whacks John on the head with his club, sending John to the ground. Matchman quickly grabs the dazed John by the throat TIGHTLY and brings his face right into John's.] Matchman: Lampwick was MY SON! He was MY BOY to beat up! [Matchman, still clutching John's throat with his left hand, uses his club in his right hand to direct John's attention to the scene behind him where Kitty is knocked unconsious on the ground near several trash bins. Kitty also has a couple lumps on his head, from the Matchman's club.] Matchman: Now, tell me where you took my son, or you'll end up worse that your quiet friend over there! [John gasps in fear at the sight of his beaten partner. Matchman shakes John for his attention.] Matchman: WHERE IS HE?! John: (gagging, choking) He-He's-on-Pleasure Island! [Matchman gasps at the horrible news.] Matchman: How did he get there?! NO LIES! John: (choking) The Coach-The Coachman! His stagecoach! [Matchman, knowing that's not the whole story, shakes John for more.] Matchman: Pleasure Island is an island, as it is implyed! A stage couldn't swim the sea! What kind of boat?! John: (choking) Oh, I-I don't- Matchman: TAKE A GUESS! YOU KNOW THE COACHMAN! John: (choking) Uh—Uh-Paddle-paddleboat! Steam Paddleboat! [Matchman looks deep into John's face.] [We see a close-up of John's face, teary-eyed and turning slightly blue.] [Matchman buys into the gold-digger's story.] Matchman: Thanks. [Suddenly, Matchman clubs John hard, then with a mighty heave, throws John to the area where Kitty is still lying unconscious. John lands hard with a THUD on the ground next to Kitty, unconscious.] [In the shadows, we see Matchman walking away from the scene. He stops when he sees the hefty bag of gold that John had. Matchman picks it up, looks inside quickly, and gasps at his luck. Making sure no one else is around, he starts to leave, but stops briefly and looks back at Kitty and John. Matchman pulls out two gold coins and tosses them in Kitty and John's direction. The coins roll over the brick alley way and rest near Kitty and John.] Matchman: Thanks again. [Matchman takes his loot and runs off into the alley way. The camera fades to black.] Chapter 3: The Coachman and the Curse of Pleasure Island [About 39 days after Lampwick and Pinocchio arrived on Pleasure Island, we see Pleasure Island on a crystal clear, moon-lit night. The water sparkles under the moonlight.] [On Pleasure Island, we see the place all ripped apart and torn-up like it usually is after the bad boys make their mark and get trapped by the curse. We see several of the black-cloaked minions surveying the terrain of the fairgrounds and cleaning the place up. Some minions are picking up and tossing scraps that once looked interesting as they clean up.] [At the loading platform, the steam paddleboat is almost filled up with crates of braying donkeys. The minions are finishing the loading and harnessing as the Coachman, in his place on the bridge of the ship, supervises and admires his huge golden ticket.] [We see two minions placing a crate of donkeys up on top of another. One of the minions is quick to get out of the way of another pair bringing another crate, but the other minion didn't pay attention. When this minion, Martin, turns away from the crate he brought, BOOM! Martin slams his head against the incoming crate.] [We see Martin fall to the floor of the deck and land hard on the deck. Suddenly, FLASH! We see a brief image of a golden field of wheat and a lovely woman and little girl running towards the camera. FLASH! Martin, still on the deck, sharply opens his eyes and looks up and about as two minions raise him back to his feet. We hear the Coachman barking orders to the minions.] Coachman: WATCH IT, YOU BLOAKER! Do you NOT want to get paid?! You there, get 'em up on the deck. He probably needs to sit this run out to get his head back on straight. Heh, heh, heh, heh. [The two minions help Martin, visibly shaking in nervousness, back to the loading area. On the loading area is a small group of minions, about 7 of them, including Martin. The two minions who helped Martin back retreat to the boat, help remove the gangplank, and close the gates to the steamboat. Coachman barks a few more orders as the steamboat starts chugging away.] Coachman: Now then, we'll be back in exactly two weeks with a new load of jack-asses. Heh. Make sure that the Island is ready for them, or there will be whippens for all of ya! [The Coachman laughs evilly as he pilots the chugging steamboat out towards the exit.] [The minions, seeing that Coachman has gone with his load, start leaving to carry out the orders. Martin, still shaking at the shock he has received, can't move much. A minion returns to take Martin by the arm and pulls him slowly to the fairground. Fade to black.] [Still in black, we hear a moderately-deep male voice talking, nervously. It's the voice of Martin.] Martin: I am Martin. I am a minion to a very evil being. I have no idea how I got here on the forsaken island, but I want to get out. [Suddenly, we see Martin digging up trash, remaining quiet. He sees two minions, one holding a trash bag while the other uses a wide shovel to haul the trash into the trash bag. Martin continues digging the trash towards the minions as he narrates.] Martin: These other minions...I don't think they have a memory of their past lives. I do. That bump on my head awoke me from the terrible nightmare that I have had for...maybe seven years...maybe longer. [We see another image of Martin with another minion restoring and cleaning the Pool Hall. Martin continues narrating.] Martin: Unfortunately, I'm still living that nightmare and I don't know how to leave it. [Martin is seen tossing some hefty trash bags off of the island into the sea. Martin continues to narrate as he finishes tossing the bags and pauses to reflect on his past. Martin: I can swim, but I am not strong enough to make it back to the mainland. All I want to do is go back to my wife and child. Oh, Francesca and Claudia, how I miss your beautiful faces. Nothing would make me happier than to hold both of you in my arms once again. [We see a close up of Martin's face area, still clocked. Through the eye area, we see a twinkle in his eyes, hinting tears as he narrates.] Martin: But, I am stuck on this forsaken island where children are brought to become cursed asses and eternal slaves. I'm sorry. If only there was a way out... [Martin walks along a cliff of the island, dragging his hand over it. He pauses as he feels something unnatural in the rock. Martin looks at what his hands felt. He sees carved into the rock italian words. He starts reading, but has to brush off the grass, weeds and dirt to read it. He reads it, and his eyes widen with excitement. He runs off back to the island fairgrounds. Image goes black.] [It is the night of the Coachman's return. We see that Pleasure Island has been restored to it's insidious glory. Tobacco Row is ready, the Rough House is cleaned up with the tough-boy animatronic running properly,and the Model Home is clean, prestine and ready for the destruction. The fairgrounds are cleared of any human life.] [On the northern cliff of the island, we see the starts twinkling in the sky, including the big star that contains the spirit of the Blue Fairy. We also see Martin on one knee, talking softly and indistinct in prayer.] [From in front of Martin, he concludes his prayer. His eyes open sharply as he slowly rises to his feet. The camera stays on his feet the entire time. Martin realizes he is still cloaked, and sheds off his head cloak, revealing himself to be a Caucasion man in his early 30's. His facial hair has grown a great bit and his head hair is pretty long. Martin sheds the torso part of his cloak, revealing himself to be well built and in great physical shape. Martin retains the lower part of his clothing, which is still binded to his body by the rope around his waist. Martin also removes his footwear. Seeing that he is satisfied with his clothing, Martin walks towards the edge of the Northern cliff.] [From above, Martin looks down in the water. Some waves crash into the island down below. Martin is seen scanning the water. We hear him narrate as he scans the water.] Martin: \"The Curse of the Isle is not hard to find/ Look off the Northern side, not to mind/ A glow of green will light your way/ Or mares and ass will rule the day\" [Martin stops as he sees something. From above, we see a faint glowing green light emitting from below the water. Martin smiles at the sight of the legendary glow. We hear a steam whistle off in the distance. Martin doesn't have to guess that sound as he talks from his mouth for the first time that we have seen.] Martin: They're coming. [Martin goes back to where his cloak was, and starts digging around. Martin finds a daggar, and stands back up. He clutches the knife in his mouth, then starts running to the edge of the cliff.] [From a distance away, we see Martin jumping and performing a Pocahontas-esque dive off of the cliff.] [From below the water surface, we see Martin splashing through the surface and recovers himself. He looks around and sees the green glow. Martin swims with the breast-stroke towards the light, daggar still in his mouth.] [At the dock, the gates to Pleasure Island open up, and the little boys cheer and scream as they run out and have their fun. We see the Coachman smiling and rubbing his hands together as the kids run by.] [Underwater, we see Martin swimming in a tunnel getting closer to the light.] [From another angle underwater, we see Martin reaching a vast open underwater cave with a water surface where above it the green glow is coming from. Martin swims for the surface.] [From above the water, we see Martin breaking the surface and taking a BIG gasp of air as he takes the daggar from his mouth. He is in a big cave with about 7 feet of headroom and has an area of about half an American football field. While gasping and recovering from the swim, Martin looks towards the glowing area.] [From Martin's angle, we see a glowing emerald resting on a pillar of stone on a patch of the cave ground.] [Martin smiles, replaces the daggar in his mouth and swims towards the emerald. As he approaches the ground level of the cave, Martin gets to his feet and stands up. He leaves the water, staring at the emerald. All of this is done by the time Martin stops narrating.] Martin: \"Using a blade of purity, but not from the earth/ Strike the emerald true with all of your worth/ Only then the curse you need not to find/ For it will leave the Isle and to all it had bind\" [Martin takes the daggar in his right hand as he approaches the emerald to within striking distance.] [On the fairgrounds, we see the boys on Tobacco Row taking whatever cigars and cigarettes they can get their hands on.] [In the green-lit cave, Martin's right hand gets a good feel of the daggar.] [In the Model Home, the boys continue their random acts of vandalism.] [In the green-lit cave in slow-motion, we see Martin thrusting his daggar towards the heart of the emerald.] [In the Rough House, we see a lot of boys fighting each other senselessly while a few are laughing at the ridiculous scene while smoking cigars.] [In normal time, Martin's dagger stabs the very heart of the emerald, shattering it into a million pieces. Some pieces get close to Martin, who has to shield his eyes with his left forearm. We see a couple pieces cut Martin's cheek slightly.] [On the mainland, we see the Coachman's stagecoach accompanied by the team of 6 donkeys. The donkeys are quiet. Suddenly, a whisk of magic surrounds them, and the donkeys transform back into the boys that they were before. The boys, being accustomed to the life they had been suckered to, don't wake up until they all hit the ground thanks to their tired and weak arms. Since the Coachman stripped them of their clothes, they are still naked. The boys moan in pain as they slowly and cautiously rise up to their feet. Their eyes quickly widen when they realize that they've returned to human form AND that they are all naked. They all scream in embarrasment as they run for cover.] [In a salt mine area, we see 16 donkeys tied up to a rope train. Suddenly, a whisk of magic transform the donkeys back into the boys they were before. One of the boys among the pack is Lampwick. The boys slowly fall to the ground, moaning. Then, the boys start screaming upon the realization of their naked truths.] [At a circus somewhere in Italy, a pack of 8 donkeys are put away in a pen. Suddenly, a whisk of magic transform the donkeys back into the boys they were before. Because of the hay pen that they are in, the boys fall onto the hay and gently readjust their bodies to the curled-up position for sleeping. Just then, a horse nearby wakes up softly. It looks over to the pen where the boys are.] [The horses eyes open wide in shock.] [From outside the animal barn at the circus, we hear the horse whynning loudly and continuously. That is quickly followed by the boys waking up and screaming in shock. Soon, ALL of the animals in the pen are roaring, cawing, and shrieking in shock.] [From outside the island on the ocean, we see Martin rise from the surface after swimming from the cave. In the waves and currents, Martin catches his breath and realizes something as he takes the dagger from his mouth.] Martin: The pier. [Martin nods to himself in determination, takes the dagger in his mouth and starts swimming around the island, fighting the choppy waves of the sea.] [In the fairgrounds area,we hear the sounds of carnival music and boys at play, along with occasional sounds of breaking glass and other destructive noises. We see two minions standing by a wooden gate with a door. It leads to an open hole, a cave tunnel, which takes the donkeys to the area where the boys are separated from the donkeys before being loaded onto the boat for sales. The camera zooms out to find the Coachman, looking around impatiently. He doesn't usually see this going on for this length of time.] Coachman: C'mon, you stupid bloaks. Make jack-asses of yourselves, already. [Just then, the Coachman sees a little boy, cigar in hand, approaching the Coachman.] Boy: Hey! Hey, there's no more stogies in the Tobacco Road thing. You said their would be enough for everyone, but my friends never got one. Where's the rest- Coachman: We'll see if there's anymore for your friends. Now get a move on! Boy: Also, the fancy home is almost- [The Coachman almost loses his temper as we see his eyebrows almost become horns of their own.] Coachman: GET OUTTA HERE! NOW! [The Boy is taken back by the Coachman, but raises his hands in an effort to calm the Coachman down. The boy also backs off and runs off to join his friends.] [The Coahman's face calms down as he takes a deep breath. He snaps his fingers and a minion quickly approaches.] Coachman: C'm here, bloaker. Go into the jewel cave and see if it's okay. [The minion nods his head and runs off.] [We see the minion run from the fairgrounds and past the open Main Gate. He runs off to the right past the gate.] [The area on the other side of the gate is pretty dark. The steamboat creaks as it rises with the tide in its spot at the pier. The minion runs away from the gate to a dark corner of the area.] [We see Martin softly lifting himself up onto the pier, softly panting and his dagger in his right hand. He hears rocks moving, which causes him to look up.] [Martin sees the minion, grunting and trying to move a big boulder. The little rocks surrounding it are falling off as the minion tries to move the heavy boulder.] [Martin, hiding the daggar behind his back, approaches the minion quietly and with extreme caution.] Martin: Uh, you there. [The minion instinctly turned around, arms raised and hands clutched in fists.] Minion: Who goes the-? [The minion stops as he sees Martin, still donning the lower half of the minion's cloak. The minion, seeing that he's one of them, tries to coax Martin into helping him.] Minion: Oh, a friend. Hey, can you help me move this heavy rock? Martin: For what reason? Minion: The boss wanted me to. He wanted me to check on the jewel. [Martin's eyes widen, knowing that it could be the jewel he just destroyed.] Martin: Oh, uh, yeah. If it makes the boss happy. [The minion sighs in relief and goes back to the boulder.] [Martin, seeing that the minion has gone back to work, slowly places his daggar behind a small rock. Martin picks up another small rock and goes to the minion.] Martin: So, uh, this jewel. Is there something special about it? Minion: (grunting) Oh, yes. It's the most important jewel of our lives. [By this point, Martin is right behind the minion, with his right hand behind his back, holding the rock.] Martin: Really? Hmm...is it the cursed jewel? [The minion gasps, and stops trying to move the boulder. He turns sharply to Martin.] Minion: How did you kn-? [Martin sharply CRUSHES the rock into the minion's head, sending the minion down unconscious. Martin sighs in regret.] Martin: I am sorry. [Martin looks around, and on the other side, we see a wooden club among a collection of rigging and ropes.] [On the fairgrounds, the Coachman's foot is tapping, hastily. We pan up to see that the Coachman is irritated and slightly afraid.] [We see two other boys, empty mugs in their hands, approach the Coachman.] Boy2: Hey, the ales are all gone. [The Coachman, easily infuriated, goes off on the boys.] Coachman: WHY AREN'T YOU JACK-ASSES YET?! Boy3: What?! You want us to be jack-asses? Coachman: YEEESS! YOU ARE BEHAVING SO WELL, YOU SHOULD BE JACK-ASSES NOW! [The boys think for a moment, look at each other, and start laughing.] [The Coachman's face goes from full fury to quick sober; he realizes that not one of them are braying like he expected at this time. In shock, the Coachman runs past the Main Gate, hastily.] [On the other side of the Main Gate, the Coachman runs towards the boulder, but yelps as he trips and falls hard to the ground.] Coachman: YEAAH! [The Coachman looks at where he tripped and sees the body of the minion that Martin rendered unconscious. Suddenly, a quick shadow flashes in front of Coachman and punches him hard in the face. The Coachman consoles his face with his right hand.] Coachman: OOOOHH! [We see the shadow quickly swipe the whip away from the Coachman's suit, just before the Coachman's left hand searches for it.] [Suddenly, the Coachman is forced square on his back and a dagger is drawn to his throat. The voice of Martin speaks, silencing and stilling the Coachman.] Martin: Be still! [The Coachman looks up and sees the angry face of Martin staring lasers into him and clutching his suit tightly.] Coachman: You! Traitor! [Martin tightens his grip on Coachman's suit.] Martin: Silence, you monster! You've done this evil for years! YEARS! And after all of your doing, you still find pleasure in it! [The Coachman chuckles evilly.] Coachman: When you make as much money as I do, it's hard to not find delight in teaching stupid little boys a lesson. And when you look in their eyes, while they bray and cry, you smile and wonder 'how can this get any easier?' Martin: You schemes and business are over. I destroyed the cursed jewel of the Island. [The Coachman's evil smile goes away and total shock runs over his face.] Coachman: Wha-? How-? The cave door-? It-? Martin: I found ancient writing just shy of the northern cliff. It told me where it was. I destroyed it with the very daggar I have at your throat. Coachman, you are done! [The Coachman's face goes to content fury, realizing that he is defeated and that his whip is nowhere to be found on him.] Coachman: You may kill me here, but you'll never get off of this island. I remember the day I found you. You were so pathetic and naive, a normal family man looking for a quick score to settle some debts at home. You and all of the others bloakers are all alike. Cursed to wonder this isle and the rest of the world without purpose...if you kill me. But, if you let me live, I can undo the curse upon all of the others. So, what's it going to be? Kill me and risk your life saving the lives of all the boys...or let me live and make this all right? [Martin, full of pumping rage, hesitates for a moment, but then, we hear the minion behind them regain consciousness. The minion rises up and starts asking for help. Martin keeps his grip and daggar close to the Coachman. Martin keeps his eyes on Coachman as he yells to the minion behind him.] Martin: Hey, what's you name, good sir? Minion: Uh, Santino. Oh, wait. This is not Collidi. [Martin smiles.] [We see the Coachman's eyes go to total fear.] Martin: That's our way out...a whack on the head. [The Coachman takes a furious breath in, and starts to scream in rage.] Coachman: rrrrRRREEA- [Suddenly, Santino turns around towards Martin and Coachman as we hear a thrusting sound accompanied by a flesh-breaking sound. Santino quickly becomes shocked and horrified at what he sees. [We see Martin's face, wily-eyed and dead focused, as he gasps softly at what he did. His eyes twitch slightly.] [We see the Coachman's right eye in total shock. We slowly see his entire eye and face slowly relax as if life is leaving his face. His eye lid creeps down to almost covering his eye and just stops just before closing. The camera zooms up slowly to reveal that Martin's daggar has been thrust into the throat of the Coachman. The Coachman lies still, dead.] [From where Santino is, we see Martin slowly rising from where he was. He slowly turns to Santino, who is still in shock. Santino realizes who the fallen man was.] Santino: You-did you-? [Martin approaches Santino assuradly. Santino is a bit hesitant, but becomes consoled at what Martin says.] Martin: I had to. He was an evil monster, and had to be dealt with. Look, I have regained my memory, and apparantly, you have, too. We need to get all of the other workers their memories back. Take your cloak off. [Santino starts removing the top part of his cloak, revealing himself to be a Afro-Italian man of about 40.] Santino: But how? [Martin hands a fist-sized rock to Santino.] Martin: Use a rock, about the size of your hand, and hit them directly on the head. That's what woke us both up. If all of the workers are the same type of people, then we should have no problem knocking them awake. After we do that, we have to get all of these boys back to the mainland. [Santino looks to the fairgrounds, seeing all of the boys having a rowdy, mischevious time. Santino breathes deep.] Santino: It won't be easy. These boys love to be bad. [Martin starts leading Santino to the Main Gate.] Martin: I know. That's why we need to free the workers first. With you and I uncloaked, we should be able to draw the workers out quickly. Do NOT let the workers get you. Get them first. Santino: I understand. [On the fairground side of the Main Gate, two minions see Martin and Santino. Thinking they are traitors, the two minions start running towards Martin and Santino. Seeing this, Martin points Santino in their direction. Martin seems confident, but Santino seems nervous.] [The minions, hands ready to grab, charge Martin and Santino.] [Martin twirls around and whacks one minion down as he almost lets it pass. Santino tries for a direct front hit on his minion, but the minion blocks it and tries to take Santino down to the ground. Martin, realizing this, quickly knocks the minion down. Santino catches his breath.] Santino: Sorry, I was never the type who likes to fight. Martin: It's okay. That's two. If my memory serves me-oh, wait. [Martin sees another minion approack from the opposite direction. Martin is quick to react. The minion runs up. Martin trips him down to the ground and hits the minion's hear hard with a rock, rendering unconscious.] Martin: If my memory serves me correctly, there should be three others. [Santino looks towards the fairgrounds. What he sees makes his eyes go wide in fear.] Santino: They're there. [Martin looks where Santino is looking, and nods his head.] Martin: Indeed. [We see three minions, of three different heights, charging from the fairgrounds.] [Martin and Santino mentally prepare for a battle. Martin talks into Santino's ear.] Martin: Santino, run. [Santino is confused.] Santino: What? Martin: Run. See if one chases you. [Santino, still unsure, runs off.] [One of the minions chases after Santino. The other two continue to Martin.] [Martin brushes off his luck and engages towards the minions.] [The short minion on the right throws a punch, but Martin just dodges it and pushes him to the ground as he simultaneously punches the gut of the big minion on his left with his left arm and strikes the big minion's head with the rock in his right hand.] [Dazed, the big minion collapses to the ground.] [Martin goes back to the small minion, who rises from the ground with his fists ready.] Martin: Don't make this hard for you. [The short minion charges Martin, fists flying. Martin counters with his forearms, trying to prevent his stone from causing any unnecessary damage.] [The short minion seems to be slightly growling that his fists aren't doing anything against Martin.] [Martin, anticipating the minion's fighting pattern, uses his left hand to grab the fist of the minion and gives it a good twist.] [The short minion screams in pain as he crouches down, giving into the pain.] Minion2: AIIIIEE! AY-YI-YI-YI-YI-YI! AYYYYE! YI-YI-YI! AAAAHHH! [Martin, seeing that the minion's head is exposed freely, takes the stone in his right hand, and whacks the minion in the head, silencing his screaming. The minion falls to the ground.] [Martin sighs in relief.] [Santino, running and panting, is cutting through the crowd of frustrated boys in evading the remaining minion.] [Martin, looking around, spots Martin and the last minion running through the crowd. Martin darts in their direction.] [As Martin runs towards them, Martin barks an order.] Martin: SANTINO! BRING 'EM OVER HERE! [Santino, hearing Martin over the rowdy boys, goes towards Martin. The minion follows.] Santino: I'M COMING! [Martin darts into the crowd of boys towards Santino. Some boys exclaim in pain in all of the commotion as Martin passes them.] Boy2: Hey! Watch it! Boy3: Ow! Why are grown-ups so mean?! [The minion, still running through the boys, is laser-focused on Santino. He gasps at the shock surprise he sees.] [Martin comes in from the minion's right and, with the stone in his right hand, whacks the minion upside the head, sending the minion flipping back and resting on his back. The boys laugh hysterically at the sight.] [Martin stops and drops the stone. He goes to lift the minion, but it's too heavy. He calls for Santino, who is still running.] Martin: Santino? SANTINO! SANTINO, GET OVER HERE! [Santino stops where he is, and sees that Martin is quickly being crowded by the rowdy boys. Santino starts making his way past the boys.] Santino: I'M COMING! Excuse me! Excuse me, boys! Let me through! Please! [The boys keep crowding around a struggling Martin with the minion.] Martin: Boys! Boys, get off! This man needs help! Boy3: Yeah, like an asperin. [The boys laugh at the quip as Santino brushes the boys aside and helps Martin pick up the unconscious minion.] [The boys continue laughing and bickering as Martin and Santino carry the minion out of the crowd.] [The camera follows Martin and Santino with the minion. Past them, we see the rest of the minions slowly rising to their feet and massaging their heads.] [We see a close up of two of the minions, massaging their heads. They are confused and shocked at where they are.] [Another couple of minions massage their heads and are confused at their circumstances.] [In the foreground, we see a shot of the biggest minion massaging his head, and stunned at where he is. During this, in the background, Martin and Santino set the minion they carried out of the crowd down on the floor.] [Martin starts addressing the disoriented minions.] Martin: Good men! Gentlemen! Listen to me! [The minions slowly turn towards Martin.] [A minion of average height, Gentro, speaks at the sight of the boys behind Martin.] Gentro: MAMMA MIA! What-a are all-a the little boys-a doing here? [Martin reassures Gentro.] Martin: They were tricked. We were tricked, too! All of us were tricked by the evil Coachman! [The biggest minion, Mondo, growls in anger at the news.] Mondo: RRRRR! I will crush him! [Martin stops Mondo with the news.] Martin: The Coachman is dead! [All of the minions, all awake at this point, gasp in shock.] Martin: I had to! It was the only way I could stop him! [The minions, still a bit uneasy, shrug the news off loosely, upon reflecting what the Coachman did to them.] [Martin, with Santino next to him, calls upon the minions to help.] Martin: Gentlemen, with the Coachman dead and these boys still here, I want you to take off the top parts of your cloaks. That way, the boys will know that you are the gentlemen that will aid in their return home. [The minions look around, initially uneasy, and slowly begin to remove the top part of their cloaks.] [Mondo removes his cloak, revealing to have a gentle face accompanied with a muscular, slightly intimidating, body.] [Gentro takes off his cloak, revealing to be a round-faced man of middle age.] [Two average size minions unveil their cloaks. The one on the left, Givianti, sports black curly hair and is about 40 years of age. The minion on the right, Stevantro, is a younger man of 30 sporting long straight black locks and overgrown facial hair.] [The last two minions unveil their cloaks. The one on the left, Antonio, is a older man of 55, sporting spots of grey with his brown locks. The minion on the right, Piero, is a balding man of 42. His brown locks are slowly fading from his head, but not the rest of his face.] [An upper shot shows all 8 minions unveiled. Martin is looking at his team from left to right: Givianti, Stevantro, Santino, Antonio, Piero, Gentro, and Mondo.] [Martin smiles at what he sees, calculating. Martin then addresses the grown-up men together.] Martin: My friends, with the Coachman gone, we are the adults in charge. We must get these boys back to the mainland and to their homes. [The minions nods, uncertain, but morally sound. Gentro chimes in, unsure.] Gentro: But sir...uh... Martin: Martin! My name is Martin. What is yours? Gentro: Uh, Gentro. Gentro's my name. Sir Martin, these boys are not ours. They are mischevious, naive and, in a word, bad. Yes, we have to get them home, but how? [Martin looks at Mondo and points to him.] Martin: You, sir! Mighty fellow! How do we call you? Mondo: You call me Mondo, Sir Martin! Martin: Ah. Mighty Mondo! Will you come with me? Mondo: Si10. [Martin points to Santino. Martin leads them both to the pack of loud, rowdy boys.] Martin: Santino, you too. Santino: Alright. [Martin approaches the pack of rowdy, rough-housing boys. Martin tries to get their attention.] Martin: Boys! HEY, BOYS! [The boys do not respond. Martin gets frustrated.] Martin: BOYS, YOU NEED TO LISTEN TO ME! BOYS! UGH! Mondo, can you help? [Mondo nods and chimes in with a mighty, echoing bellow.] Mondo: SILENZIO11! [The bellow deafens the boys as they cover their ears.] [Even the minions, including Martin, shuddered at the thunderous bellow.] [All of the carnival sounds on the Island stop and the rides, including the ferris wheel, stop their activity at the sound of the bellow.] [As the bellow echos, the boys, still covering their ears, slowly look up and stand quietly in front of Santino, Martin, and Mondo. Martin chimes in softly.] Martin: Grazie12. Mondo: Prego13. [Now seeing he has the boys undivided attention, Martin talks to the boys.] Martin: Now, boys. I don't want to have to ask Mondo to do that again. As long as you pay attention and listen quietly, Mondo will not have to do anything extra. Do you understand? [The boys assuradly nod their heads in confirmation.] Boy: Yes, sir. Boy2: Yes, sir. Boy3: I get ya. Martin: Very good. Now, if you haven't already done so, please throw all beer mugs and cups off to your right, and if you have any tobacco products, like chaw, cigars, or cigarettes, please throw them off to your left. If you try to hide or sneak them around, I will have to ask Mondo to provide the proper discipline. [The boys look at Mondo with wide, fearful eyes.] [Mondo pats his right fist into his left palm with a smirk on his face.] Mondo: Don't make me. [The boys scream in fear and in quick cartoon-like fashion, throw all of their tobacco items to their left and beer mugs and bottles off to their right.] [While the mugs and tobacco are still flying, Martin whispers into Santino's ears.] Martin: (whispering) Enlist the other guys to make sure that there is a clear path to the paddle boat for the boys to get on. Also, see if you can find any kind of kindling or kerosene that we can use. Santino: For the boat? Martin: Set some aside for the boat, but see if we can use some to start a fire here. We're going to set this Island ablaze. [Santino hesitates momentarily, but then looks at what the boys are doing.] [We see the boys throwing their last little bits of beer mugs and tobacco products aside.] [Santino nods in assurance and speaks as he walks off.] Santino: Yes, we will. [Martin smiles in assurance as he sees victory in hand.] Martin: Boys, I know you won't like this, but the party is over! [In a silent montage set to victorious Italian-influenced music, we see the minions, lead by Martin and Mondo, leading the disappointed boys past the front gate and onto the paddleboat.] [As one little boy walks up to the boat, he squints at something in the dark shadows of the dock.] [We see what the boys seeing, which appears to be the faint image of the Coachman's top hat.] [The little boy, thinking it as nothing, shrugs it off and climbs aboard.] [We see Stevantro at the bridge of the paddleboat, looking at the controls and figuring out what is what. The camera pans down to see Givianti, Piero, Gentro, and Mondo helping corral the boys on the boat. In the background past the gate, we see Antonio and Martin piling up trash next to the carnival rides.] [We see Antonio throwing debris and cigars onto the Rough House.] [We see Martin chunking debris and beer glasses towards the Model Home.] [We see Santino with a bucket of liquid. He's pouring some of the liquid at various points on the ferris wheel. He then dumps a little on the Rough House. As Santino goes to the Model House, Martin calls out to him.] Martin: Santino! Whatever is left, dump it all inside the Model Home. Santino: Yes, sir! [Santino rushes into the Model Home. We hear a liquid-spilling sound, followed by Santino rushing out of the Model Home.] [Santino goes to Martin and Antonio. Martin is holding three matches in his hand.] Martin: Gentlemen, I have found three matches here on the fairgrounds. I think it's time to send this place back to where it belongs. Antonio: The starry skies above? Martin: No. Down to the ground in ashes. Take a match. [Antonio and Santino take a match, leaving one for Martin.] Martin: Mister Antonio, please set the Rough House on fire. [Antonio dashes off to the Rough House.] Antonio: Yes, Sir Martin. Martin: I got the ferris wheel. Santino: What about me? [Martin smiles at Santino.] Martin: The Model Home, my friend. [Santino smiles and runs off.] [Antonio approaches the Rough House and looks down. He sees where Santino poured the kerosene. Antonio strikes the match.] Antonio: This place won't be so rough no more. [Antonio drops the match onto the liquid, which quickly catches fire. Antonio runs off as the fire spreads to the Rough House quickly.] [From within the mostly-destroyed Model Home, we see Santino enter from the front door. He sees where he started pouring the kerosene on the floor next to the wall. He cautiously strikes a match.] Santino: It was so beautiful...such a waste. [Santino tosses the match to the wall, which quickly starts a spread. It is evident that Santino spread the kerosene all the way around the house as the fire spreads. Santino quickly dashes from the house as the flames get close to him.] [We see Santino running quickly from the glowing, smoking Model Home.] [As the ferris wheel, Martin looks up at the height of the vandalized, worn-down attraction. Martin then looks down at where Santino poured the kerosene. Smiling, Martin strikes his match.] Martin: Pleasure Island...go to Hell! [Martin tosses his match at the ferris wheel. The base of the wheel quickly catches fire and starts to spread. Smiling confidently, Martin walks off.] [On the paddleboat, we see some of the boys exclaiming in awe. Mondo and Gentro are keeping the boys restrained as they exclaim at the sight.] Boy: Wow! Do you see that?! Boy2: Wow! Those guys are REALLY bad! Boy3: Awww! I want to be their best friends! [From the paddleboat, in slow-motion, we see Martin walking up to the Main Gate. We also see Santino running in from the right and Antonio running in from the left.] [On the paddleboat, in slow-motion, we see the boys with their mouths open and eyes wide in sheer amazement.] [Still in slow-motion, Martin is still walking, and Antonio and Santino are still running. Suddenly, we hear some glass breaking and suddenly, BOOM! A fixture for the ferris wheel explodes, creating a fireball that engulfs most of the attraction. This sends Antonio and Santino running faster. Martin, however, doesn't seem to be affected by the blast. He keep on walking.] [The boys shocked and taken back, scream at the sight of the explosion.] Boy: Oh, uh...maybe I don't want to be that bad. Boy2: Uh, never mind. He seems to dangerous. Boy3: Uh, I don't want to be his friend. [In regular motion, we hear some softer explosions as Antonio and Santino run to and jump onto the paddleboat.] Antonio: Whoa! I did NOT expect that! Santino: That was scary! I want to go home now! [Martin smiles as he walks to the paddleboat and climbs aboard. Mondo speaks in disbelief as the music fades softly.] Mondo: Sir Martin, are you mad? [Martin smiles in confidence as the fiery glow .] Martin: Mondo, we just turned an evil business upside-down and freed a bunch of innocent, well partly innocent, children free. Nothing can bother me now. [Mondo, taken back by Martin's cool response, just exhales softly in respect. The heroic music starts up again. Martin starts barking orders, which Mondo echoes.] Martin: Let go all of the lines! Mondo: Let go all lines! Martin: Stevantro, one-third ahead! Mondo: Ahead one-third! Martin: Boys, be respectful at all times or Mondo will have to discipline! Mondo: Boys, be nice or I will not! [A moment later, the paddleboat leaves the entrance to Pleasure Island.] [A moment after, the paddleboat is a good distance away from Pleasure Island. We see a strong orange glow coming from the Island.] [A few moments later, the paddleboat is secured at the dock. With Mondo protecting the vacant stagecoach from boys that want to see or climb on board, Givianti, Stevantro, Santino, Antonio, Piero, and Gentro lead the boys up the road. Martin is on the paddleboat, climbing all up and down inside the boat, ensuring that there are no remaining boys on board.] [After a moment, we hear a match strike from within the boat. Suddenly, Martin dashes from the boat and onto the pier, with a small steel bucket in his right hand. As Martin approaches the stagecoach with Mondo and talks, we see smoke coming from the open cargo door of the boat.] Martin: Is everything fine, Mondo? Mondo: Yes, sir. A few of the boys wanted to use this to get back home, but with no mules or horses-one of them even suggested that the men pull the coach with the boys in it. One firm look later, they scattered off. Martin: They'll learn. They'll learn. I just started the boat. How about we start and toss this chariot? Mondo: Sending the Devil's chariot to it's home? I'm more than happy to. [Mondo gets to the back of the coach, ready to push.] [Martin opens the coach's door, and pours the liquid onto the seats of the coach. Martin sets the bucket aside off the road, and ready's a match.] Martin: On the count of three when you're ready. [Mondo nods in agreement.] Mondo: One! [Martin strikes the match.] Mondo: Two! [Martin cautiously appraches the open stagecoach with the lit match.] Mondo: THREE! [Martin quickly drops the match inside and backs off as flames engulf the interior of the coach. Simultaneously, Mondo shoves the coach forward. The coach picks up speed slightly as it goes towards the paddleboat.] [From it's side, the coach is engulfed entirely in flames and it rattles on the pier, heading to the boat.] [Suddenly, BLAM! The wheel drops to the space between the boat and the pier, causing the coach to flip over and land sideways on the paddleboat. The coach breaks apart into several pieces as it lands. Several lit pieces scatter throughout the boat, which was already starting to catch fire.] [Mondo and Martin watch as the soft glow that it was watching quickly becomes a strong glow of orange. Mondo smiles and pats Martin on the shoulder. They turn and walk off.] [From the side, we see Martin in the foreground and Mondo on his right side. They keep walking as the crackling glow continues behind them. As they walk, Martin looks off to his left. He's amazed by what he sees.] [In the grass, we see a small rabbit, glowing a pale blue. It sniffs around, spots Martin, and scurries off behind the small hill.] [Martin, blinking his eyes, couldn't believe it.] Martin: Sir Mondo, go catch up with the boys. I'll be right behind you. [Mondo is confused.] Mondo: Sir Martin, what is- Martin: I thought I saw something. It's probably nothing. Go on, I'll catch up. [Mondo still doesn't understand, but he shrugs it off and continues up the road. Martin walks briskly over the hill where the glowing rabbit went.] [On the other side of the hill, Martin keeps walking, looking for the rabbit.] [We see a close-up of Martin, looking around. Suddenly, he catches himself from going any further.] [We see that Martin was about a foot short of going into the sea from the two-foot high ledge.] [Regaining his composure and balance, Martin scoffs in frustration.] Martin: (scoffs) I've been working too hard tonight. [From a distant shot, we see Martin looking around one last time for the glowing rabbit, which is not to be found. During this, the Blue Fairy's star comes hovering down around Martin's area. As the star approaches, the area around Martin starts glowing a bright blue. The glow catches Martin off guard.] [Martin looks up and gasps in awe as the area gets brighter.] [The star approaches an area of the grassy terrian just in front of Martin.] [With the area getting too bright for his eyes, Martin crouches and covers his eyes from the super glow.] [In front of Martin, we see the star transform into the Blue Fairy, sporting her Magic Wand in her left hand. Smiling, she approaches Martin, still shuddering in fear.] [Martin, still shaking and shuddering, gasps and stops shaking as the Blue Fairy's right hand gently lays upon the top of his head.] Blue Fairy: Martin, be still and rise. [Martin slowly rises up to stand tall. He slowly opens his eyes. He gasps at what he sees.] Martin: (gasps) Mamma14! An angel from Heaven! [The Blue Fairy laughs at the declaration.] Blue Fairy: Good sir, I am the messenger of wisdom, love, joy, and life. [Upon hearing this, Martin kneels as if to pray.] Martin: Dear angel, why have you sought me? Blue Fairy: I have come down to reward you, Martin. You're brave, unselfish actions have found favor. Martin: But madam, I had to destroy another human being. Blue Fairy: It is true that nothing justifies death, but the many young souls that you have freed and saved are too great to ignore. Sir Martin, do you regret your actions? Martin: Only that of killing the Coachman. All else, I have no regret. Blue Fairy: Martin, what do you know of the men that you have freed? Martin: I don't know what they have done in their past lives. I only hope - (gasps horrified, stands up in shock) -Madam! Did I leave those boys with criminals? Blue Fairy: No! No. All of the young ones are in good hands. The men all have families and loved ones in their lives. Once the boys are returned to their homes, the men will go back to their homes and families, too. [Martin sighs in relief.] Blue Fairy: I understand you have a family, also. [Martin smiles and sighs at the thought of them.] Martin: Francesca...Claudia. Wha-Wait. You know them? Blue Fairy: Indeed. They belong in the fields of Colletorto. Martin: Yes, yes. Oh, how I miss them. Blue Fairy: If you wish to see them again, kneel. [Martin's face lights up.] Martin: You-? You will-? Blue Fairy: You have proven yourself brave, truthful, and unselfish in your actions. You are worthy of this one wish to be with your family. [Martin is taken back as he slowly kneels. On his knees, Martin keeps looking up.] Martin: Dear angel, if it's not too much to ask, before you send me home, may I have the honor of placing a kiss on your precious hand? [The Blue Fairy giggles a little, and shows Martin her right hand.] Blue Fairy: (giggles) Unusual, but seeing how grateful you are- [Martin gently takes the Blue Fairy's hand, and applies a gentle kiss to the forehand. He pats the kissed area sincerely and takes one last look at the Fairy.] Martin: (soft and sincere) Thank you, blessed angel. [Martin crouches down, kneeling, with his eyes closed.] [The Blue Fairy waves her wand and touches Martin, who starts glowing white.] Blue Fairy: I send thee, Martin, back to the fields of Colletorto, in honor of your bold, unselfish rescue of thousands of young boys. [By this point Martin is glowing solid white.] Blue Fairy: May you continue to live your life in honest, unwavering love and happiness. May you find comfort in the arms of your beloved wife and daughter. [With a flash, Martin's body disappears. Gentle heroic music starts. The Blue Fairy, seeing that the deed is done, sighs in content. She looks out into the sea.] [She sees Pleasure Island, with a faint orange glow coming off the top. The glow flickers, and then disappears, leaving Pleasure Island as a cold, distant island.] [The Blue Fairy smiles in content.] Blue Fairy: It is done. [The Blue Fairy stretches her arms and transforms back into a star. She flies off into her place in the sky as the heroic music grows louder. The camera pans up and zooms out. The camera becomes still as we see the open sea, the remaining shadow of Pleasure Island, and the faint, dying glow of the burning boat and coach. The heroic music concludes as the camera fades to black.] THE END PINOCCHIO: THE FATE OF EVIL 1 Show yourself or I will kill you! 2 Show yourself! 3 Pinocchio, come out now! ","Summary":" Pinocchio The Fate of Evil Short Stories by TexasPowerhouse Inspired by the film \"Pinocchio\" by W"},{"Movie":"Pinocchio","Title":"PLEASURE ISLAND: A SCREENPLAY","Author":"AnEditorsEye","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13000986","Passage":"[Chapter 1] FADE IN: EXT. OPEN OCEAN - NIGHT A beautiful night sky hovers above a calm sea. Many stars sparkle like gems, but there's one star that shines more profoundly than all the others as we see a merchant ship calmly glide through the water. SUPER: 1883. EXT. DECK - SAME The deck is cluttered with merchant sailors sleeping under blankets. One sailor, LOU, stands by the Starboard side, gazing at the mighty star with wonder. A fellow sailor, BUD, approaches his friend, yawning, a blanket over his shoulders. Lou keeps his eyes on the star. BUD Why aren't you asleep like a man with sense? LOU It's too beautiful to keep me asleep. BUD What is? Loud points to the star. Bud looks, then grimaces. BUD (CONT'D) It's not that beautiful. You've seen one star you've seen them all! LOU It's the wishing star, you fool! If you make a wish, that star will grant it to you. BUD You've been sneaking more rum aboard haven't you? LOU Watch. Lou gets on his knees, holds his hands together, and returns his eyes to the star. LOU (CONT'D) Starlight, star bright. First star that I see tonight - Bud pulls his friend up to his feet. BUD Go to sleep before the captain sees you acting like a madman! Lou spits in Bud's eye. Bud covers his face. LOU Now I have to start all over again! Watch. Lou returns to his position and clears his throat. LOU (CONT'D) Starlight, star bright... EXT. HELM - SAME A handsome CAPTAIN calmly works the helm. Captain yawns, opens his tired eyes, and his eyes widen with interest. Captain removes from his belt a spyglass. He extends it and looks through the eyepiece. SPYGLASS POV: A pitch black island sits not far from the ship, circled by towering mountains. Captain lowers the spyglass, smiling. He looks at the deck, and is surprised to Bud on top of Lou, strangling him. CAPTAIN Gentlemen! Bud and Lou jump to their feet and stand obediently on deck. CAPTAIN (CONT'D) Looks like our next stop's near at hand. CAPTAIN (CONT'D) (points to Bud) Take the helm! BUD Aye, sir! Bud rushes upstairs to the helm as Captain goes downstairs towards Lou. EXT. DECK - SAME CAPTAIN Better get an early start. LOU Pardon me, Captain, but where is our next stop? Captain looks towards the black island. Lou stares at it with excitement. LOU (CONT'D) Oh she's beautiful! CAPTAIN We'll lay anchor before sunrise. Now ready our goods. LOU Aye, sir! CAPTAIN Looks like you've got your wish, my friend! Captain winks to Lou. Lou stares at the wishing star as the Captain begins waking up the rest of the crew. CAPTAIN (CONT'D) All hands on deck! All hands on deck! LOU I just want some rum! BUD (yelling) Get going, stupido! Lou rushes off as the crew awakens. Bud chuckles as he keeps the ship steady. EXT. ROCKY SHORE - SAME A figure stands on the rocky shore of the island, looking through a golden spyglass. The figure is wearing a bright purple outfit, a red bow tie, and has long orange hair dangling under his bowler. Meet ROGER. SPYGLASS POV: The ship is heading right for the island. Roger lowers the spyglass and grins with delight. MALE VOICE (O.S.) See something of interest, my servant? Roger turns to face the entrance of a huge cave towering behind him. ROGER Looks like we've got unwanted company again. That should perk yer spirits up, master! Suddenly, a match is struck inside the cave, and the match is brought to a pipe hanging from the mouth of an older man, COACHMAN, his chubby face seen very briefly before the fire goes out. Some smoke blows out of the cave. COACHMAN If you like to see me happy, Roger, then you'll make absolutely sure not to fail on your mission in retrieving my treasure. ROGER Yes master. I won't dare come back until it's in me grasp. COACHMAN And the thief who took it? Roger grins. Coachman blows out more smoke. COACHMAN (CONT'D) Come in. We'd better get started. Roger closes the spyglass with his right hand, which we can see is made entirely out of red and white striped candy- canes. Roger hurries into the cave, disappearing into the darkness. Roaring erupts from inside. EXT. DECK - SAME The crew is scrambling around, carrying crates and other items and setting them on deck. A sailor with a thick mustache, GINO, stops walking and drops his crate. His eyes are huge and fearful as he stares at the ocean from the Starboard side. Lou passes by and looks at Gino. LOU What's the matter, Gino? Gino points to something out in the water. Lou looks, and his eyes widen with fear. Suddenly all the crew look over and freeze in their tracks. Bud looks over and his eyes go wide. Captain exits his cabin and looks angrily at his men. CAPTAIN What's wrong with you lot? We've got to make it to- GINO Look Captain! Captain approaches Gino and stares carefully at what Gino's pointing at. Sticking out of the ocean is a large pointed rock. Written on the rock in blood is: \"INTRUDERS BEWARE. TURN BACK\". LOU What do you make of it sir? Captain turns to face his crew. CAPTAIN Boys, we are fearless merchants with a fortune to make, not superstitious children who'll let such pranks stop us from doing our jobs! Bud points out to sea in front of him. BUD Up ahead! Something's heading straight for us! Captain turns, notices something in the distance, and looks through his spyglass. SPYGLASS POV: A black swarm, roaring and growling, white lifeless eyes shining through, flies swiftly towards the ship. Captain slowly lowers the spyglass, looking terrified. CAPTAIN Turn the ship around. Captain looks at Bud at the helm. Bud stares dumbly at the swarm. CAPTAIN (CONT'D) TURN THE SHIP AROUND! Bud snaps out of it and frantically turns the wheel to his right. The crew starts panicking and running around. CAPTAIN (CONT'D) Protect yourselves! Duck for cover! Duck I say! Captain runs into the cabin, slamming the door behind him as the crew hide under their blankets, behind crates, and lie on their stomachs with their hands over their heads. EXT. OPEN OCEAN - SAME The ship begins turning the opposite direction. The swarm is approaching faster. EXT. DECK - SAME Lou gets on his knees and looks up at the wishing star, shaking. LOU Starlight, star bright! BUD (yelling) What are you doing?! LOU First star that I see tonight! BUD (yelling) It'll be your last star if you don't duck for cover! EXT. OPEN OCEAN - SAME The swarm speeds forward. EXT. DECK - SAME LOU I wish that I may, I wish that I might! Gino looks over a crate. GINO This is our end! LOU GET THE WISH THAT I WISH TONIGHT! Lou shuts his eyes. Gino ducks for cover. Bud looks away as the swarm finally approaches - And flies above the sails, and before we know it, it's passed the ship and heading farther away. Lou slowly opens his eyes. Bud looks around. The crew slowly look up and watch as the swarm vanishes into the distance. Captain cautiously exits his cabin, a pistol in his hand. Captain sees the swarm vanishing, and he begins to chuckle. Captain walks to the center of the main deck. All the crew look at him. CAPTAIN Gentlemen, we've had nothing to fear. We were all getting worked up over a harmless swarm of passing - A large shape erupts from the sea, growing larger and larger behind the Captain. The crew gasp and look up in horror. Captain turns and gasps. The shadow of the shape obscures the Intruder rock. The crew scream in unison as a pair of giant jaws come down onto the ship. EXT. OPEN OCEAN - SAME The SEA CREATURE collapses onto the ship, sending huge waves splashing up in the air. The sea creature and the ship go under the sea, and the ocean gradually grows calm again as several crates and items pop onto the surface. EXT. ROCKY SHORE - SAME Still inside the cave, Coachman puffs on his pipe and blows out some smoke. COACHMAN Eat up, my sweetie. The Coachman begins cackling, the laughter echoing throughout the cave, his green eyes glittering in the dark. Coachman's laughter suddenly turns into the laughter of teenagers as we cut to INT. CLASSROOM - DAY A class of teenagers roar with laughter as their teacher, MISS ANGELA, speaks to them from the front. MISS ANGELA Alright class, that's enough. That is enough. The class settles down and look at their teacher. MISS ANGELA (CONT'D) We're almost at the end, hang in there. Now, I want to take this opportunity to ask each of you what your plans are for summer vacation. The class groan in unison. Miss Angela frowns. MISS ANGELA (CONT'D) Now really! Is this how you're going to behave when you reach university? Sometimes I feel like I'm in a classroom full of mules! A tall kid in the middle, TOTO, jumps at the chance. TOTO Hee-haw! Hee-haw! The class erupts into laughter. Miss Angela rolls her eyes. INT. HALLWAY - DAY The door to the boy's bathroom opens and a handsome young man steps out. Seventeen years of age, he has short black hair and blue eyes. Meet MAURIZIO COLLODI. Maurizio walks down the hallway, whistling \"Little Wooden Head\". Just as Maurizio is about to turn the corner, the head of a medium-sized whale, jaws open, eyes red, pop out from the corner. Maurizio stares at the whale head, eyes wide with fear. He then screams and hits the whale head, sending it to the floor. A student, JASPER, pokes his head out, staring at Maurizio with surprised eyes. JASPER Hey! What'd you do that for? Maurizio sighs with relief. MAURIZIO Oh, it's only you, Jasper. I'm sorry. Jasper looks at the whale, then back at his schoolmate. JASPER Did my whale sculpture scare you, Maurizio? MAURIZIO Scare me? Nah, it just...really captured my attention. JASPER Thanks! Jasper picks up the whale. JASPER (CONT'D) It's based on a real-life whale, y'know? Sadly it was killed three years ago by fishermen. Wish I could've seen it in person, y'know? MAURIZIO NO! Jasper stares at his schoolmate, alarmed. JASPER Are you sure you're okay? Maurizio walks past Jasper, embarrassed. Jasper watches him go. INT. CLASSROOM - MOMENTS LATER MISS ANGELA That's very interesting, Sarah. I hope you see plenty of lions. Now, who hasn't gone yet? Maurizio enters the classroom. MISS ANGELA (CONT'D) Ah, Maurizio! What are your plans for summer vacation? TOTO Staying home with daddy. Toto and the other students chuckle. Maurizio stares at his classmates like a deer in the headlights. MISS ANGELA That's enough out of you, Senor Toto! (to Maurizio) Go ahead, Maurizio. Maurizio shallows hard. MAURIZIO (nervous) Ah...I'm going to help my father run his workshop. And...that's it. The class chuckles. MISS ANGELA Thank you, Maurizio. Maurizio smiles nervously as we hear the ringing of a bell. EXT. SCHOOL - DAY Students rush out of the building, conversing with one another and hurrying for home. The bell continues its toll. Maurizio walks slowly past his peers, looking a little shaken. TOTO (O.S.) Hey Collodi! Toto and his three pals (LARRY, MOE, AND CURLY) approach Maurizio from behind. TOTO (CONT'D) You really just gonna stay home all summer with old wood breath? MAURIZIO Toto, please. TOTO You give me heartache, Collodi. It sickens me to see a dumb kid suffer. Especially when he's stuck with an equally dumb father! Maurizio runs out of the gates as Toto and his goons cackle. EXT. ALFREDO'S HOME - MOMENTS LATER An overweight man, ALFREDO, sweeps the doorstep of his home with a broom as Maurizio walks over. Alfredo beams at the boy. ALFREDO Good afternoon, my dear Maurizio! MAURIZIO Hello, Alfredo! How are you? ALFREDO Wonderful! And you must be very happy! First day of summer vacation! MAURIZIO Should be fun. ALFREDO You going home now? MAURIZIO Not yet. I need to buy a birthday gift for Father. ALFREDO Then I better let you go! See you around! MAURIZIO Thanks, Alfredo! The boy waves and walks on. Alfredo resumes his work. EXT. VILLAGE SQUARE - MOMENTS LATER Maurizio walks into an Italian village square, then looks over to his right and freezes, his smile falling from his face. A group of small children are enjoying a puppet show. They giggle as marionette Cossacks dance on a wooden stage. Maurizio stares fearfully at the marionettes, then looks up at the PUPPETMASTER operating the strings and making noises with his mouth. The Puppetmaster has long black hair, a long black beard, and wild eyes. Maurizio cautiously steps away from the show and backs into EXT. EMPTY STREET - SAME Maurizio leans back against a wall, breathing fast. GENTLEMAN (O.S.) Come here and give me a kiss doll! Maurizio looks to his left and sees a GENTLEMAN trying to grab at a stunning sixteen year-old girl with brown eyes and short brown hair, wearing a black cloak and a belt in an alleyway. The girl, ELEONORA LORENZINI, tries to keep her calm. ELEONORA Look, mister, I'm not selling myself! GENTLEMAN But you're so lovely! ELEONORA Either take what I'm offering or go away! GENTLEMAN Who's gonna make me doll? Gentleman grabs onto Eleonora's shoulders. Eleonora knees Gentleman in the groan. Gentleman yelps and bends forward. Maurizio stares with amazement. Eleonora does a back flip over Gentleman, and slides her leg under him, causing him to fall on his back. Gentleman yelps and Eleonora stands over him, her foot on his chest. ELEONORA Are we done here? Gentleman nods frantically. Eleonora steps away. Gentleman stands up and runs like hell out of the alleyway and down the way Maurizio came. Maurizio stares in awe at Eleonora as she dusts herself off with her hands. Maurizio walks towards her. EXT. ALLEYWAY - SAME Maurizio approaches Eleonora, who doesn't notice him. MAURIZIO That was incredible, miss! Eleonora shoots an angry look at Maurizio, who steps back. ELEONORA Excuse me? MAURIZIO I just saw how you handled that guy. I've never seen a girl do that! ELEONORA You were spying on me? You jerk! Eleonora storms forward. Maurizio runs onto EXT. EMPTY STREET - SAME And sees the Gentleman run up to him, a CONSTABLE following behind. Gentleman points to alleyway. GENTLEMAN Boy, did you see a teenage girl in there? CONSTABLE I'll ask the questions. (to Maurizio) Boy, did you see a teenage girl in there? She deliberately attacked this man only seconds ago. MAURIZIO She ran down there! Maurizio points down the street. CONSTABLE/GENTLEMAN Gratcie! The two men run down the street, disappearing around the corner. EXT. ALLEYWAY - SAME Eleonora pokes her head out from behind an apple barrel, looking surprised at Maurizio. ELEONORA You...you didn't turn me in. Maurizio looks at Eleonora, a little smile on his face. MAURIZIO I've...I've never lied to anyone in years. I guess I just... The two kids lock eyes onto each other, unable to speak. Eleonora grins, stands and walks over to the boy, holding out her hand. ELEONORA I'm Eleonora. Eleonora Lorenzini. Maurizio smiles back and holds out his own hand. MAURIZIO I'm Maurizio. Maurizio Collodi. The two shake hands. Maurizio looks down and sees a square- shaped box dangling from Eleonora's belt. Eleonora looks at the box. ELEONORA Oh. This is just what I was trying to sell to that jerk. Been trying to get it off my hands all day. MAURIZIO What is it? Eleonora grins. ELEONORA You interested in the bizarre? INT. GEPPETTO'S WORKSHOP - LATE AFTERNOON A small hill of green, chunky cat food sits on a plate at a wooden dinner table before FIGARO, a black cat with a white stomach. He looks up helplessly at an elderly man with glasses and a beard, GEPPETTO. GEPPETTO Come now, Figaro! This is the latest trend in cat dining! Less expensive, too! Figaro smells the food, and covers his mouth, his eyes bulging out of his head. GEPPETTO (CONT'D) Oh don't start with me! Why can't you be like Cleo? Figaro looks over at a yellow fish in a bowl, CLEO, eating her own food from inside her castle on the table. Cleo winks at her feline friend, who frowns and folds his arms. GEPPETTO (CONT'D) Well either you learn to like it, or you won't eat at all. The front door opens and Maurizio steps inside. Geppetto smiles at the boy, as do the pets. GEPPETTO (CONT'D) Well look who's here! MAURIZIO How's your day, Father? GEPPETTO Better now that you're home! The two embrace each other. Geppetto sees his son holding a small sack in his hand. As he releases his son - GEPPETTO (CONT'D) What's that, son? MAURIZIO Oh, just some papers our teacher returned to us today! I'm going to my room for a bit, alright? GEPPETTO Alright my- His boy races upstairs. Geppetto chuckles. INT. BEDROOM - SAME Maurizio hurries into a wide bedroom, with cuckoo clocks and wooden toys taking up nearly all of the wall space. Maurizio shuts the door and sets his sack onto his bed. He excitedly pulls out the same square box from before out of the sack and stares at it with wonder. JIMINY (O.S.) Is that you, Pinocchio? The boy (now referred to as PINOCCHIO) looks at a hole in the wall over his bed. PINOCCHIO Hey, Jiminy. A small, bald, elderly creature in a light brown coat steps out of the hole and grins up at Pinocchio. Ladies and Gentlemen, JIMINY CRICKET! JIMINY Hello, son. I hope you had a great last day of school. PINOCCHIO Sure did. And I thought we've been through this. Please don't call me Pinocchio. JIMINY Still don't see why I shouldn't. Maurizio was your grandfather's name, and your name is - PINOCCHIO Embarrassing. If anyone at school found out...especially Toto... Pinocchio looks back at the box. PINOCCHIO (CONT'D) Wanna see what I got for Father? Jiminy looks at the box with some confusion. JIMINY Hmmm. I didn't know that they made toolkits so small these days. PINOCCHIO It's not a toolkit. Something better. Jiminy watches as the boy takes the top of the box off, and very carefully lifts out a medium-sized cube, made of violet crystal, shining in the sunlight coming from the window. JIMINY What on Earth is it? Pinocchio stares at the cube with fascination. PINOCCHIO A crystal cube. I've never seen anything like it in my life. Isn't it something? JIMINY Well...what can you do with it? PINOCCHIO I dunno. It was too beautiful to pass up. Spent all my allowance money, but it's totally worth it. JIMINY YOU SPENT ALL YOUR ALLOWANCE ON A BLOCK?! Pinocchio drops the cube onto the floor, startled. PINOCCHIO Tell the whole village why don't ya? GEPPETTO (O.S.) Pinocchio? Everything alright? Pinocchio looks at the floor. PINOCCHIO YES FATHER! AND FATHER, DON'T FORGET! GEPPETTO (O.S.) Oh yes. Sorry, Maurizio! Jiminy folds his arms. JIMINY Pinocchio, that was your father's hard-earned money! You should've stuck with your original plan of buying him a new toolkit! Pinocchio rises to his feet. PINOCCHIO He's gonna love it tomorrow! I guarantee it! Pinocchio lies on his back upon the bed as his conscience begins to vent. JIMINY You may have done stupid things in the past, Pinocchio - PINOCCHIO Maurizio! JIMINY But this is at the top of that list! Oh wait, maybe I'm wrong. Deciding not to go to university is what's really at the top of that list! PINOCCHIO It's just not for me, okay? I'm staying right here and running the shop with Father. JIMINY If he had any idea of what you're thinking of doing- PINOCCHIO He'll respect my decision. I'm not a little kid anymore, and I wanna live my life my way! Jiminy turns his back on the boy, furious. JIMINY I can't believe you're acting like such a child! You have the chance to make something really big out of your life, and you don't care! Now as far as the block goes, I say you go right back to where you got that thing, return it, get refunded, and then buy your father a real birthday present! Pinocchio doesn't answer. JIMINY (CONT'D) Pinoke? Pinoke? Jiminy turns around to find the boy asleep on the bed. Jiminy sighs and slowly walks back into his hole. PINOCCHIO Hmmm, Eleonora Lorenzini... Pinocchio sighs dreamily with a big smile on his face. INT. HOLE - SAME Jiminy walks over to a cork, and carefully seats himself onto it. He gazes sadly at a solid gold badge hanging on the wall over a little bed. The badge reads \"OFFICIAL CONSCIENCE\". He looks at his reflection in the badge. JIMINY I guess the older I get, the less successful of a conscience I am to Pinocchio. PINOCCHIO (O.S.) Maurizio! Jiminy sighs and hangs his head. EXT. VILLAGE - DUSK The sun disappears over the surrounding mountains, leaving the village in darkness. EXT. DOCK - NIGHT Eleonora sits on a quiet dock, counting several coins (Pinocchio's allowance money) on her lap. She finishes counting and slides all the coins into a small sack. She ties it up and smiles. ELEONORA I'm finally home free. Thanks to that good-looking kid. The girl gets to her feet and walks down the dock towards the village. The girl hears someone shivering and sees two homeless boys under ten years of age huddled together against a rowboat, shivering in their sleep. In their laps is a cardboard sign which reads in crude handwriting \"Hungry and Homeless\". Eleonora stares at them with sad eyes. She holds up her sack of money and ponders. She sighs, then gently takes one of the boys' hands and places the sack into it. She closes the boy's hand and gently places it inside the boy's pants pocket. ELEONORA (CONT'D) Be careful, little guys. Eleonora stands and walks into the village as the boys continue their slumber. EXT. GEPPETTO'S WORKSHOP - NIGHT Warm candlelight illuminates the front windows from the inside of Geppetto's workshop, with a worn-out sign over the doorway reading \"GEPPETTO'S\". INT. GEPPETTO'S WORKSHOP - NIGHT Pinocchio finishes scrubbing the last dirty dish and sets it onto the dish rack. He dries his hands with a towel, and walks over to his father, who is seated in front of his worktable, focused on painting a large wooden sign. PINOCCHIO What're you working on, Father? GEPPETTO Just putting the finishing touches on the new sign. The old one's too filthy and damaged to read. PINOCCHIO Is it going to just say \"Geppetto's\"? GEPPETTO Not unless you've got a better idea, Pino-I mean, Maurizio. Pinocchio grins. PINOCCHIO Well...I think it'd be great if you changed it and make it read \"Geppetto and Son's\". Geppetto stops painting, looking surprised. PINOCCHIO (CONT'D) Wouldn't that be exciting, Father? You and me, a team? Wouldn't need to pay a cent for university. Geppetto shuts his eyes, sighs, and sets his brush down and turns to face his son. GEPPETTO Please sit down, son. Pinocchio's smile slowly drops. He nods, however, and takes a seat right across from his father. GEPPETTO (CONT'D) Maurizio...can I please call you by your real name? PINOCCHIO I guess so. GEPPETTO Pinocchio, you know that I will always love you, and I will always support you no matter what happens. However...I don't think you should stay here and run the shop with me all your life. Pinocchio looks at his father with hurt eyes. PINOCCHIO Don't you want me to help you? Have I done something wrong? GEPPETTO Pinocchio - PINOCCHIO I may not be as good a toymaker as you are, but I'm always willing to improve and I'm always making new things! Pinocchio points to a shelf full of wooden toys and clocks. PINOCCHIO (CONT'D) My work hasn't sold yet, but I promise you I will work harder and I will put my work out there! GEPPETTO It's not about the toys - PINOCCHIO I refuse to let you down, Father! I will not bring shame to the family business and I will shape up - GEPPETTO YOU WILL LISTEN TO ME! Pinocchio stares with wide eyes as his father, who is now frowning and trying to stay calm. Figaro and Cleo, on top of the table, are frozen with fear. GEPPETTO (CONT'D) Look, son, it's been nine years since you've last travelled out of the village. It's been nine years since you've last taken risks and tried new things. You cannot allow what happened to you...as a puppet...stop you from becoming a man with his own life and his own home. I know how scary it can be - PINOCCHIO You don't know anything. Geppetto's eyes widen. GEPPETTO I beg your pardon? PINOCCHIO You don't know what it's like, to try walking to school on your first day and be tricked by two con artists! You don't know what it's like, to be thrown into a cage and have your life threatened by an evil showman! And you have no clue, what it's like to watch your best friend be turned into an animal, never to see his mother again! Pinocchio struggles to fight back tears. PINOCCHIO (CONT'D) I wish I could've told the police about what happened to those kids, but if I did they'd throw me in an asylum! The boy shakes his head and hangs it in despair. PINOCCHIO (CONT'D) I can't forget those memories. They'll always haunt me. GEPPETTO I will not let you live in fear of the world. You will leave school next year, and attend university, and then you are expected to go out into the world and be a man like everyone else! Is that clear? Pinocchio shakes with anger, then bolts out of his seat and storms upstairs. Geppetto watches him go, mad. The pets watch him go, then cringe when the bedroom door slams shut. Geppetto stares at the staircase, then turns around and resumes painting his sign as if nothing had happened. DISSOLVE TO: EXT. GEPPETTO'S WORKSHOP - NIGHT The candlelight from inside the shop flickers for several seconds, then is blown out by Geppetto, leaving the shop in total darkness. EXT. VILLAGE SQUARE - NIGHT Not a soul is out tonight in the village square. EXT. SCHOOL - NIGHT The gates to the school are locked and the building is empty. EXT. ALLEYWAY - NIGHT The alleyway is dark and empty. INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT Pinocchio sits on his bed, back against the wall, head in hands, sobbing. INT. HOLE - SAME Jiminy lies in his bed, in pajamas, listening to the boy's sobbing. JIMINY I knew it wouldn't go well. Jiminy thinks, then swings his legs across the bed and sits upright. INT. BEDROOM - SAME Pinocchio tilts his head up, tears soaking his face. Pinocchio notices something out the window and glares at it. The wishing star glows profoundly among the vast blue sky. Pinocchio turns his body so he's facing the window, sits up on his knees, and holds up his hands. He stares directly at the star. PINOCCHIO Starlight, star bright. First star I see tonight. I wish I may, I wish I might, have the wish I wish tonight. Jiminy slowly reaches the entrance of the hole in his pajamas as Pinocchio stares grimly at the star. PINOCCHIO (V.O.) (CONT'D) I wish I'd never have to become a man. JIMINY Pinoke? Who are you talking to? Pinocchio looks at his conscience, and angrily picks up a nearby brick and places it over the hole. PINOCCHIO Go to sleep! JIMINY (O.S.) Hey! Lemme out of here! Lemme me out of here! Pinocchio looks at the cube on the floor. He picks it up and opens his window. PINOCCHIO Thanks for nothing, Eleonora! Pinocchio holds the cube up, ready to throw it out the window, when suddenly, the cube lights up, causing violet rays to illuminate the room. Pinocchio sees the light, and holds the cube with both hands, awestruck. JIMINY (O.S.) Pinocchio! Lemme out! What's going on out there?! Pinocchio stares at the cube, fixated at a foggy cloud forming in its center. A black shape appears in the cloud. It resembles a donkey. PINOCCHIO A donkey? A VOICE softly calls from inside the cube. VOICE Save them. Save them. PINOCCHIO Save them? Save who? EXT. STREET - SAME Outside Pinocchio's room, the violet light spills out of the window onto the street below. VOICE (O.S.) Save them. Save them. A brightly-colored figure stares up at the window, and turns his head towards the street. Roger looks pleased. ROGER I've found it, master. Roger takes a long drink from a wine bottle in his candy-cane hand. He lowers the bottle, swallows, and puts his other hand to his mouth and whistles a long, piercing sound. Suddenly, pitch black shadows begin spreading around the surrounding houses and buildings, swallowing them till they're only silhouettes. The shadows spread to the houses on the other side of the street. Roger watches with delight. The shadows reach several street lamps, extinguishing the flames within them, leaving the entire street in darkness. Except for Geppetto's home. INT. BEDROOM - SAME A loud BANG erupts from downstairs, making Pinocchio jump and turn his face to the door. The light from the cube slowly starts fading. PINOCCHIO Father? Heavy footsteps are heard from downstairs. Pinocchio shakes, then hurries out of his bed, leaving the cube on the mattress. The donkey figure fades away inside the cloud. INT. GEPPETTO'S WORKSHOP - MOMENTS LATER Pinocchio quietly descends the staircase, holding a lit candle in front of him. He reaches the last step, and cautiously scans the room. PINOCCHIO (whispering) Father? Is that you? The workshop is dead quiet. Nothing has been changed. Pinocchio slowly walks forward, the floor creaking under him each step he takes. Pinocchio moves the candle to see more of his surroundings as he reaches the dinner table by the front window. Not a sound or anything unusual catches Pinocchio's attention. Pinocchio holds the candle outward, and sees Figaro sound asleep next to Cleo, also asleep, at the edge of the table. Pinocchio relaxes. PINOCCHIO (CONT'D) What an imagination I have. Suddenly, the candle goes out, and Pinocchio is jerked backward. INT. GEPPETTO'S BEDROOM - SAME Geppetto sleeps in his bed. PINOCCHIO (O.S.) FATHER! FATHER HELP ME! FATHER! Geppetto bolts upward and looks at the door with alarm. GEPPETTO Pinocchio? INT. GEPPETTO'S WORKSHOP - SAME Pinocchio is slammed against the front door, a large black hand holding him by the throat, causing the boy to struggle to scream. PINOCCHIO Father...Father... Figaro and Cleo slowly open their eyes, and instantly jump in alarm. Figaro hides behind Cleo's bowl as Cleo hides in her castle. The two then peek their heads out and watch the scene with horror. Pinocchio is being strangled by a large SHADOW MAN, a massive figure with the only feature visible being a pair of lifeless white eyes. Roger watches Pinocchio choke from the worktable, his wine bottle in his candy-cane hand. ROGER Don't kill him yet. The master's been looking forward to meeting the one who stole his treasure. But before we go... (Holds up bottle) Cheers. Roger raises the bottle to his mouth - A gun goes off. The bottle explodes into several pieces, causing Roger to cover his eyes as the pieces fall to the floor. The shadow man looks behind him. Pinocchio looks ahead. PINOCCHIO Father... Geppetto stands in his pajamas, aiming a pistol at the shadow man. GEPPETTO Let go of my son! Roger looks at Geppetto furiously, his face drenched with wine. Points at him. ROGER SHADOWS! Suddenly, the front windows of the shop shatter as two black figures fly through them. The kitchen table flies off the floor and collapses onto its side, sending Figaro to the floor and causing Cleo's bowl to shatter beside him. The two figures shove Geppetto against the wall and pin him there, causing him to drop the pistol. The figures are also Shadow Men. ROGER (CONT'D) (to Shadow Man holding Pinoke) Help yer friends! Shadow Man roars and approaches Geppetto, releasing the boy. Pinocchio lands onto the floor, and runs towards the pistol as his father struggles to break free from the shadow men's hands. He picks it up, aims for the goons, pulls the trigger- No bullets. Pinocchio strikes one of the shadow men with the butt of the pistol. The pistol shatters into tiny pieces. Pinocchio gasps. GEPPETTO Run Pinocchio! Save yourself! Pinocchio runs for the staircase. Roger runs after him. ROGER You ain't going anywhere you - Geppetto raises his legs and kicks Roger away, sending Roger into the shelf containing Pinocchio's work, breaking it and some of the items. Roger collapses and groans on the floor. Pinocchio runs up the stairs and bursts into INT. BEDROOM - SAME And quickly grabs the brick away from the hole and picks up the cube, now lifeless, from the bed. Jiminy looks up at the boy, enraged. JIMINY What is the matter with you?! PINOCCHIO Father needs help! JIMINY Help? Wait, Pinoke! Pinocchio is out the door. INT. GEPPETTO'S WORKSHOP - SAME Pinocchio hurries downstairs and sees all three shadow men holding down his father, who struggles to break free. PINOCCHIO Let my father go! Pinocchio strikes one of the shadow men on the head with the brick, but the brick shatters into tiny pieces. Pinocchio is shocked. GEPPETTO Leave us alone! Pinocchio raises the cube, ready to strike - When the barrel of a pistol touches his head. Pinocchio looks over and sees Roger aiming his own pistol at the boy's head. ROGER Don't you dare. (holds out hand) Gimme it. Pinocchio reluctantly hands Roger the cube. Roger grins as he puts the cube into his pocket halfway using his candy-cane hand. ROGER (CONT'D) Technically you ain't the one I'm supposed to bring back alive. So... Pinocchio shuts his eyes tightly, as Roger aims his pistol for his heart. EXT. GEPPETTO'S WORKSHOP - SAME The wishing star hovers over the workshop. A streak of blue light zooms out of the star and into INT. GEPPETTO'S WORKSHOP - SAME The pistol goes off just as the blue light strikes the room, lighting everything. Roger and shadow men stare with horror. ROGER Retreat! Roger touches one of the shadow men with his candy-cane hand, dropping the cube to the floor. Instantly, he and the shadow men fly out of the front window and swiftly vanish down the street. EXT. STRRET - SAME The shadows covering the surrounding houses and buildings vanish completely. The street lamps are lit up and shining once again. INT. GEPPETTO'S WORKSHOP - SAME The entire workshop looks like a war zone, torn up, covered with paint, and quiet as a graveyard. The blue light remains. Pinocchio lies on the floor, unmoving or breathing. Suddenly, he groans and slowly rises to his feet, his back turned to us. As he feels his head, we notice that his physique is suddenly more slim than before, and his skin has the texture of oak. PINOCCHIO What happened? A cat's meowing breaks the silence. Pinocchio turns his head, then walks towards the remains of the kitchen table. PINOCCHIO (CONT'D) Oh no! Figaro's leg is bleeding and he meows in pain as Cleo flops frantically among the remains of her broken bowl, gasping for oxygen. PINOCCHIO (CONT'D) It's okay, guys! I'll take care of you! Pinocchio rushes over to Cleo and gently picks her up in his wooden hands. PINOCCHIO (CONT'D) Hang on, Cleo. Pinocchio takes the fish over to a bucket full of water and plops her into it. PINOCCHIO (CONT'D) There you go. Now to take care of you Fig - Pinocchio stares at his reflection in the water. His face is made of wood. Pinocchio screams and backs against the wall, stepping on Figaro's tail. Figaro yelps and runs off into Geppetto's bedroom. Pinocchio feels his face, then looks down at his hands and legs. He's now made entirely out of wood. PINOCCHIO (CONT'D) Could it be? Pinocchio approaches the bucket and stares carefully at his reflection. PINOCCHIO (CONT'D) I'm...I'm made of wood. Pinocchio shakes his head in disbelief. PINOCCHIO (CONT'D) I'm made of wood again. JIMINY (O.S.) Pinocchio? The old cricket walks up to his friend, who continues to stare into the bucket. He stops and looks concerned at the boy. JIMINY (CONT'D) What happened here? Where's Geppetto? Pinocchio looks up, alarmed. PINOCCHIO Father. Pinocchio turns and scans the room. It's empty and destroyed. PINOCCHIO (CONT'D) Father? Pinocchio stands up and walks towards the worktable. PINOCCHIO (CONT'D) Father? Not a sound. Pinocchio stares at his Father's pistol, tears rising in his eyes. PINOCCHIO (CONT'D) FATHER! Pinocchio's voice echoes through the workshop. Cleo pokes her out of the water and looks sadly at Pinocchio. Jiminy lowers his head and sheds a tear. JIMINY I'm sorry, Pinocchio. I'm so sorry. Pinocchio looks down at his chest, and opens up his shirt to reveal a bullet stuck inside his wooden chest. Pinocchio looks up, anger in his eyes. PINOCCHIO They took him. Those monsters, they took him. JIMINY What're you talking about? PINOCCHIO They wanted the cube. They thought I'd stolen it. Pinocchio looks at the cube on the floor, picks it up and inspects it. PINOCCHIO (CONT'D) I don't know why they wanted this thing, but they left it behind. If I give it back to them...then they have to free him. I don't know where they went though. I'm lost without Father! Pinocchio slams his fist onto the worktable. Suddenly, the blue light increases its brightness level behind him. Jiminy stares at the light in awe. JIMNY Pinocchio...Look. Pinocchio turns his head, and his jaw drops as a figure emerges from the blue light, which returns to its previous brightness level. The figure is a woman with long golden hair, a sparkling blue robe, and a crystal wand in her hand. Meet The BLUE FAIRY. JIMINY Well I'll be...it's the Blue Fairy. Blue Fairy smiles warmly. BLUE FAIRY Hello Sir Jiminy. It's so nice to see you in person again. (to Pinocchio) It's also so nice to see you in person again too, Pinocchio. You've grown up too fast! PINOCCHIO You...you know where Father is? Blue Fairy's smile drops. BLUE FAIRY I am greatly saddened by Geppetto's kidnapping. I'm afraid the people who have him are a long way from here. PINOCCHIO How far? A day? A week? A month? JIMINY Be calm, Pinoke! BLUE FAIRY All I can tell you is that your father is to be imprisoned in a place you haven't been to in nine years time, Pinocchio. PINOCCHIO Gee that's really helpful! JIMINY Forgive him, Miss Fairy. He hasn't been separated from his father ever since he became- I mean, since you tuned him into a real boy. BLUE FAIRY Listen carefully, you two. Pinocchio, if you wish to see your father again, you must travel to where he is, free him yourself, and return straight home. BLUE FAIRY (CONT'D) If you do this, I will gladly change you back into a real boy. PINOCCHIO So you did this! Why? BLUE FAIRY Don't you remember your wish? You wished tonight that you would never have to become a man. I granted it to you, but I'm willing to take it back. Do we have a deal? Blue Fairy holds out her hand. Jiminy looks at Pinoke. Pinocchio stares at Blue Fairy, then sighs and takes her hand. BLUE FAIRY (CONT'D) And Sir Jiminy? JIMINY Yes? BLUE FAIRY You are to return to your job of being Pinocchio's conscience. I want you to be with him every step of his journey. JIMINY Me? But I'm too old to be travelling now. BLUE FAIRY Sir Jiminy, I'm surprised. You know how old I have been granting wishes? Jiminy shakes his head. BLUE FAIRY (CONT'D) Eighteen-thousand years. JIMINY Golly...and I thought I was old. Er, not that you look old, Miss Fairy I just... Jiminy smiles sheepishly and bows to the Blue Fairy. JIMINY (CONT'D) I won't let you down. Blue Fairy giggles. BLUE FAIRY Alright, boys. Good luck, and Pinocchio, always let your conscience be your guide. Blue Fairy waves her wand, and slowly disappears, along with the blue light. Several nearby candles light up and lighten the dark room. Jiminy stares at the sight with wide eyes. JIMINY Whoa. She never ceases to amaze me. PINOCCHIO A place I haven't been to in nine years time? That could mean anything! JIMINY Just take it easy, Pinoke. PINOCCHIO Would you stop calling me that?! I need to think. Pinocchio starts pacing the room. Jiminy sighs and wanders around the room, scanning the mess. Jiminy bumps into a piece of glass and falls on his butt. He looks up and his eyes widen with interest. Pinocchio continues pacing, when suddenly - JIMINY Hey Pinoke. Look at this! Pinocchio stops pacing and bends down to where Jiminy is standing. JIMINY (CONT'D) This is a piece of a broken wine bottle. It's a brand I don't think your father ever buys. (Reads the label) \"Red Lobster Inn. 1874\". This is a nine year-old bottle. PINOCCHIO Nine years. (Realizing) PINOCCHIO (CONT'D) That's the bottle that guy was drinking from before Father was kidnapped! Pinocchio picks up the bottle piece and stares at the label. PINOCCHIO (CONT'D) I've never been to a Red Lobster Inn. But maybe this'll help us find Father. C'mon! Pinocchio stands as we cut to: INT. ALFREDO'S HOME - NIGHT There's a knocking at the door. Alfredo, a lit candle in his hand, approaches the door. ALFREDO Enough, I'm coming! I'm coming! Alfredo opens the door, and is surprised to see Figaro (his leg bandaged) and Cleo (floating in a glass jar full of water) sitting inside a basket with a blanket over them. There's also a handwritten note inside the basket. Alfredo picks up the note and reads it aloud. ALFREDO (CONT'D) (reading) \"Dear Alfredo, my father and I had to leave for an urgent emergency elsewhere. Please care for Figaro and Cleo for a few days. God Bless you. Maurizio.\" Alfredo looks down at the pets with a smile. ALFREDO (CONT'D) Okay, fellows. You're going to be spending time with Uncle Alfredo. Alfredo picks up the basket. ALFREDO (CONT'D) You're going to love my smoked salmon and secret pudding. An old family recipe! The pets lick their lips and smile at each other as Alfredo takes them in and shuts the door. EXT. STREET - SAME The door to Alfredo's home finishes closing. Pinocchio, wrapped up in a blanket, watches from around a corner. Jiminy, wearing his trademark black coat, orange shirt, black top hat and carrying his umbrella, stands on Pinoke's shoulder. PINOCCHIO I hope I'll see them again. JIMINY You gotta be more positive, Pinoke! We'll come home soon enough. PINOCCHIO I'm gonna ask you for the last time to stop calling me that. Jiminy holds up his badge on his coat. JIMINY Is that what your conscience says? Pinochio sighs in exasperation. PINOCCHIO Let's just get going. Pinocchio heads down the street, conscience on his shoulder, and the square-shaped box under his arm. DISSOLVE TO: EXT. DARK STREET - LATER Pinocchio and his conscience slowly walk down a dark and filthy street, exhausted. JIMINY See it yet? PINOCCHIO All I see is dark. And more dark. JIMINY Me too. How do we even know that the Red Lobster Inn's even in this village? Pinocchio stops and stares impatiently at Jiminy. PINOCCHIO It took you this long to realize that possibility? (Sighs) This is hopeless. It's gonna take a miracle to figure out where the Inn is. WILLIE (O.S.) It used to be called The Red Lobster Inn. MAX (O.S.) What's it called now? WILLIE (O.S.) You'll have to wait and see, pal! Pinoke turns around and sees a trio of fully-clothed weasels conversing. The tall one, WILLIE, holds the hand of a giggling female named FRANCINE. The rail-thin one, MAX, chews on a rotten apple core. MAX They better have good grub, Willie! WILLIE All ya can think about is food. Willie smacks the core out of his friend's hand. WILLIE (CONT'D) (to Francine) Shall we, my dear? FRANCINE You got it, Willie-Nillie! The two weasels chuckle as they walk off, Max following behind. MAX They better have fair prices, too! Pinocchio walks back the way he came, trying to catch up with the weasels. EXT. BAD STREET - LATER The three weasels walk past a closed butcher shop in a bad part of town. Pinocchio walks many feet behind them. Pinocchio stops next to the butcher shop, and he and Jiminy look with confusion at something ahead of them. JIMINY Golly. The three weasels approach the front door of a large red building, with several torches lit up above to show a huge sign which reads \"THE PURRING FOX\". PINOCCHIO \"The Purring Fox\"? JIMINY Doesn't look like an Inn to me. PINOCCHIO I think things have changed since nine years ago, Jiminy. Radically. The front door opens and the three weasels enter. The door shuts behind them. JIMINY How will we get in? I don't think we fit the crowd. Pinocchio looks down at himself, at his hands, then back at the door. EXT. PURRING FOX - MOMENTS LATER Pinocchio knocks on the door. A slot inside the door opens up to reveal a pair of yellow eyes looking back. WOLF (O.S.) Animals and critters only. What do you want, human? PINOCCHIO Well, I've brought my cricket friend. And I'm not human. SLOT POV: The wolf looks the nervous puppet boy and his conscience up and down. Pinoke is no longer wearing the blanket, but still has the box under his arm. WOLF (O.S.) What species are you, kid? PINOCCHIO Uh...oak. The slot is shut. Then the door opens, with a WOLF wearing a vest made out of sheepskin grinning at them. WOLF Welcome to the Purring Fox, boys. First time here? PINOCCHIO Yes! JIMINY (whispering) And hopefully the last. Pinocchio steps inside. The Wolf shuts the door behind him as we cut to INT. PURRING FOX - SAME Pinocchio and his conscience stare at a smoke-filled night club, with a sea of various male and female animals chatting, drinking at the bar, playing pool, and playing cards in human clothing. A Warthog plays \"Hi Diddle Dee-Dee (An Actor's Life For Me)\" on a piano. Jiminy stares at a DALMATIAN in an sailor uniform arm wrestling a large RAT at a table. Rat struggles to keep his arm up, and suddenly shoves Dalmatian's arm onto the table. RAT Yeah-whoo! Ya lost, bone breath! Dalmatian growls and shows his teeth at Rat, whose smile falls from his face. RAT (CONT'D) Round two? Jiminy looks away as we hear the sounds of Dalmatian attacking and Rat screaming. He looks at Pinoke with a worried expression. JIMINY (whispering) Let's get out of here. I don't like the looks of this. PINOCCHIO We're not leaving till I find Father. JIMINY Pinoke, you've never been to the Red Lobster Inn! The Blue Fairy said - Pinocchio turns his head to Jiminy and yells in his face. PINOCCHIO I WANT TO FIND MY FATHER! The cricket flies off Pinoke's shoulder and quickly opens his umbrella, causing him to gently land into a spider web. The room has suddenly gone quiet. Pinocchio looks up and sees every single animal staring at him. They do not look happy. Pinocchio gives a nervous grin. PINOCCHIO (CONT'D) Sorry. First time here. Suddenly, Pinocchio is grabbed from behind by the Wolf. WOLF And yer time's up, buddy! The animals cheer as the Wolf begins dragging the boy towards the door. JIMINY Pinocchio! I'm coming! Jiminy tries to jump, but is pulled back by the web. Jiminy tries to escape but gets more tangled up. The Wolf opens the door and raises his foot behind Pinocchio- GIDEON (O.S.) HICCUP! The room goes silent. No one makes a move, including the Wolf. Footsteps are heard coming down a staircase. All animals turn their eyes to the staircase. A small cat in a white tuxedo and a small top hat reaches the end of the stairs and tips his hat to the crowd. Meet GIDEON. GIDEON (CONT'D) HICCUP! A tall red fox in a black tuxedo and tall hat steps next to Gideon, a cigar in his mouth. HONEST JOHN grins at the crowd, removes his cigar, and blows out a nice smoke ring. HONEST JOHN I thought you were all supposed to be enjoying yourselves. Who's the party pooper around here? Gideon puts his hand over his eyes and eagerly searches through the crowd. Wolf drags Pinocchio over to the two animals. WOLF He's right here, boss. Don't know what kinda animal he is. Said something about oak. Right punk? Pinocchio nods and looks up. PINOCCHIO I didn't mean to ruin - Pinocchio stares at the fox and cat. Honest John stares back at Pinoke, surprised. Honest John takes his hand and taps it against Pinocchio's head. His head makes a hollow knocking sound. The animals \"OOH\" in fascination. Honest John smiles. HONEST JOHN I know who you are. There's only one puppet in this world I know who lived his life with no strings attached. A Warthog in the back taps a drum three times with a drum stick. PINOCCHIO Honest John? HONEST JOHN Please, call me HJ. And to a lesser extent, call Gideon here - Honest John jerks Gideon's head so his face sees Pinocchio. HONEST JOHN (CONT'D) Giddy. (to Wolf) Let him go. Wolf releases Pinocchio. Honest John wraps his arm around Pinocchio's shoulder and turns to the crowd. HONEST JOHN (CONT'D) My friends, it seems that our party pooper is an old friend of mine. Let's forget about what happened and give a warm welcome to Mister Pinocchio! The animals cheer and raise their beer mugs to the boy. PINOCCHIO Actually my name's Maurizio. My real name is Mauri - Suddenly, Pinocchio's nose grows a foot longer. PINOCCHIO (CONT'D) Huh?! Honest John stares, but quickly smiles again. HONEST JOHN You were saying, boy? PINOCCHIO My name is...Maurizio? His nose grows two feet longer. Pinocchio gasps and feels his nose. HONEST JOHN Uh...come with us. Let's catch up. Honest John takes Pinocchio's hand and takes him upstairs as Pinocchio feels his nose. Gideon follows behind as the animals resume their activities and the music starts playing. Meanwhile, Jiminy is completely wrapped inside a cocoon of web, his top hat poking out as he tries to break free. JIMINY (muffled) Pinocchio! Pinocchio! I'm coming! INT. OFFICE - NIGHT Pinocchio, his nose a little bit longer than before, stares at it while sitting on a velvet armchair, box sitting in his lap, across from Honest John and Gideon, who drink some wine on a purple couch in a nice office lit by candlelight. HONEST JOHN We never expected to see you again, kiddo. HONEST JOHN (CONT'D) Yes, we've been heading up to the top of the ladder of life since our last encounter. And we have you to thank, Pinocchio. PINOCCHIO It's Maur - Pinocchio's nose extends three inches. The boy frowns. PINOCCHIO (CONT'D) What did I do to help you? HONEST JOHN Just look where we are! Isn't she a beaut?! Did you know this joint used to be the crummiest, dampest Inn ever built by human hands? PINOCCHIO The Red Lobster Inn? HONEST JOHN Exactly. Giddy and I bought the dump, cleaned her up, and have been running this place successfully for seven lucky years. Without you, we'd never have gotten started. Huh, Giddy? Honest John elbows the cat, whose face lands into his wine glass. Honest John roars with laughter. PINOCCHIO Who was the original owner of this place? HONEST JOHN (still laughing) A Coachman! We used to work for the old slavedriver! But not anymore for seven lucky years! The fox slaps his knee. Pinocchio angrily clenches his teeth and leans forward. PINOCCHIO Did taking me to Pleasure Island make you wealthy? Honest John stops and stares at the boy, as does Giddy from inside the glass. HONEST JOHN Why did you say that name, Pinocchio? PINOCCHIO Last time we met nine years ago, you told me I was sick and needed a vacation on Pleasure Island. I went there, but it was no vacation. HONEST JOHN Well, uh...did you see anything? PINOCCHIO Yes I did. And I found out more, such as the fact that a Coachman is responsible for selling all those boys and getting rich off their misery. Also I remember seeing that same Coachman handing you a huge sack before his coach took us. It finally makes sense. You started your business with the money you made luring me and other boys to that coach, didn't you?! HONEST JOHN Take it easy, kid. Don't we all have to work for a living? Pinocchio uses his nose to knock the animals' wine glasses away, sending them smashing against a painting of Mona Lisa on the wall. Honest John and Giddy hold each other in fear. PINOCCHIO You know where the Coachman is! Tell me! Honest John is speechless. Pinocchio rises to his feet, the box landing on the floor and causing the top to fall off. PINOCCHIO (CONT'D) TELL ME NOW! OR I WILL GO TO THE POLICE! HONEST JOHN The police can't help! Once the boys are transformed, their entire human existence disappears. Their families, friends, even teachers won't ever remember them or miss them. You'd be wasting your breath trying to convince the cops! PINOCCHIO Fine. But you still better tell me where I can find him or I'll drive my nose through you! Pinocchio's nose grows longer, almost touching Honest John's face. Honest John screams. HONEST JOHN I honestly don't know, my boy! Giddy and I stopped working for him shortly after you went and we haven't seen him since! Gideon nods frantically. HONEST JOHN (CONT'D) Your best chance of finding him is to go back to that cursed place! You escaped somehow, so you should be able to get back in again. Pinocchio calms down as the realization hits him and the Blue Fairy's words echo in his head. BLUE FAIRY (V.O.) Your father is to be imprisoned in a place you haven't been to in nine years time, Pinocchio. PINOCCHIO Me? Go back to Pleasure Island? (to the ceiling) Are you out of your fairy mind?! Suddenly a violet light shines on the animals. The animals stare in awe at the source on the floor. Pinocchio looks down and sees that the cube has lit up inside the box. VOICE Save them. Save them. Honest John suddenly grins. As does his friend. HONEST JOHN Now that's a beaut! Worth more than this entire club I'd imagine. PINOCCHIO It's not for sale! Pinocchio bends down to pick up the cube. HONEST JOHN Oh yeah? Get him Giddy! Giddy leaps forward and begins scratching at Pinocchio, who rolls onto his back and covers his face. PINOCCHIO Get off me! Get off! Honest John stands and casually walks over to the glowing cube. HONEST JOHN Looks like we win again, you overgrown toothpick! The fox picks the cube up and holds it up to his smiling face. HONEST JOHN (CONT'D) Now to properly dispose of - Suddenly, the cube stops glowing and it's lifeless once more. Honest John frowns and examines the cube. HONEST JOHN (CONT'D) What the heck's going on? Is this some kinda trick? PINOCCHIO No - Pinocchio knees Gideon in the groan. The cat cringes, then Pinocchio throws Gideon off him, sending him banging against the wall under the Mona Lisa painting. The painting falls onto Gideon's head, causing his head to poke out of Mona Lisa's headspace. Pinocchio points his nose at the fox. PINOCCHIO (CONT'D) But this is! Pinocchio charges forward, using his nose to shove the fox backwards towards the far wall. The cube flies out of the fox's grasp as he screams and suddenly - INT. PURRING FOX - SAME Pinocchio and Honest John crash through the wall and fall several feet before crashing on top of a poker table, smashing it completely and sending many cards and chips flying into the air as animals scream and stare in alarm. Giddy looks down through the remains of the office wall, still stuck in the painting. The surrounding cigar smoke clears, revealing Pinocchio lying on Honest John's back upon the remains of the poker table. Pinocchio raises his head groggily, his nose broken off. PINOCCHIO Oh...that was kinda neat. HONEST JOHN Get this party pooper off me! The animals \"boo\" and instantly run towards Pinocchio, who looks around with fear as the creatures drag him off Honest John and begin punching him. Jiminy rips some web off his face, opens his eyes and stares at the scrap. Pinocchio pokes his head up, trying to escape, but then disappears into the pile again. JIMINY Oh no! I gotta save him! Suddenly, a spider leg touches Jiminy's chest. SPIDER (O.S.) Going somewhere? Jiminy looks into the many eyes of a large SPIDER. Jiminy shrieks and jumps out of the web, falling to the floor. Jiminy gets up and feels his back. JIMINY I'm too old for this! Jiminy hears Pinocchio scream, then runs toward the dog pile. SPIDER Bloody Cricket! Honest John walks over to the empty bar and turns his head towards the mob. HONEST JOHN HOLD HIM HIGH FOR ME! The Fox jumps over the bar. Gideon struggles to remove the painting from his head. The animals move aside to reveal two German Shepherds holding Pinocchio up high by his arms and two weasels (Willie and Max) holding Pinocchio's legs. Pinocchio struggles to break free as the animals yell triumphantly. Jiminy runs through the animals' feet, dodging incoming feet. JIMINY I'm coming Pinocchio! I'll save ya! Suddenly, an ALLIGATOR from behind Jiminy swings a large club upwards, hitting Jiminy and sending him flying up in the air. INT. PURRING FOX - CHANDELIER - SAME Jiminy lands on top of a candlelit chandelier. He dizzily looks down and sees that he's directly above the mob of animals. Jiminy looks at the chain in the center of the chandelier which is attached to the chain that attaches the chandelier to the ceiling, and begins trying to loosen the chain. INT. PURRING FOX - SAME Honest John walks around the bar, holding over his head a large beer barrel. The animals cheer as the fox rests the barrel down and stands before Pinocchio, who has stopped trying to break free as the Alligator raises his club over the boy's head. HONEST JOHN (to Alligator) DON'T! Alligator looks at fox, then sheepishly grins and lowers his club. ALLIGATOR Sorry, HJ. HONEST JOHN (to Pinoke) You've certainly grown up, wood breath. You can actually fight like a man. Even though you'll never be one. The animals chuckle. HONEST JOHN (CONT'D) I think the time has come to do what I should've done the day I met you. INT. PURRING FOX - CHANDELIER - SAME The chain is too tight to move. Jiminy stops trying to turn it and kicks the chain as hard as he can, but yelps in pain and holds his aching foot up. INT. OFFICE - SAME Gideon pulls the painting off his head, then looks and sees Jiminy. The cat recognizes the cricket, licks his lips and removes a large mallet from under the tail of his tuxedo. As Gideon slowly steps onto the edge, raising the mallet over his head - INT. PURRING FOX - SAME The fox taps the side of the barrel. HONEST JOHN This stuff's highly tasty, and highly flammable. With you drenched in it, you'll burn into a nice big crisp and die in seconds. Or maybe the weight of this barrel will knock your head off first. As long as you stop breathing, I'll be one happy fox. PINOCCHIO You won't get away with this, Honest John! HONEST JOHN The name's HJ. Now say goodbye... (mockingly) Maurizio. Honest John grabs the barrel. WILLIE Let's burn him up! MAX Burn him up! Burn him up! ANIMALS (chanting) Burn him up! Burn him up! Burn him up! CHANDELIER - SAME Jiminy lowers his leg and grunts. JIMINY I can't do it! I've failed him! Jiminy turns and gasps at the sight of Gideon, his mallet over his head. INT. PURRING FOX - SAME ANIMALS (chanting) BURN HIM UP! BURN HIM UP! BURN HIM UP! Honest John raises the barrel high over his head as the animals continue to chant. Pinocchio shuts his eyes and looks away. INT. PURRING FOX - CHANDELIER - SAME Gideon leaps out of the office, heading straight for Jiminy. Jiminy hops off the chandelier just as the cat lands onto the chandelier. The chain attaching the chandelier to the ceiling breaks loose, sending the chandelier down - INT. PURRING FOX - SAME The animals look up. Honest John glances up and gasps as Gideon and the chandelier land right on top of the barrel. The barrel breaks apart, sending the fox onto the floor as the liquid contents splash over the candles. The liquid suddenly catches fire as the barrel falls to the floor. The flaming liquor lands in various places, setting the floor and chairs on fire. The animals scream and run for the front entrance. Pinocchio is dropped by the two German Shepherds and two weasels as they join the crowd. Gideon jumps into the air, his tail in flames. Gideon runs towards the entrance and jumps through one of the front windows, shattering the glass. Pinocchio opens his eyes and screams at the sight of a fire trail right next to his head. Pinocchio jerks up and stands against the staircase. The fire continues to grow and spread across the entire club. Pinocchio stares at the carnage with frightened eyes. PINOCCHIO JIMINY! JIMINY, WHERE ARE YOU?! JIMINY CRICKET! JIMINY (O.S.) Pinocchio! Pinoke turns around to see Jiminy standing at the top of the staircase. JIMINY (CONT'D) Grab the cube and let's go! Pinocchio runs up the stairs and into the office. He grabs the cube, quickly shoves it into the box, and is out. PINOCCHIO Let's go! The two run down the stairs and are about to swing open the front door - When Honest John jumps from behind and shoves Pinocchio against the door, knocking Jiminy onto his butt. The angry fox begins strangling him. HONEST JOHN WE AIN'T FINISHED YET! Pinocchio struggles to breath, clawing at the fox's arm with his free hand. Jiminy spots a burning poker card on the floor. He lifts it up with all his might, then charges for Honest John's tail, which is soaked with liquor. Jiminy hops onto the tail, shoving the card into the tail and setting it on fire. Honest John screams in pain and sees his tail in flames. HONEST JOHN (CONT'D) MY TAIL! MY TAIL! The fox releases Pinocchio and rushes towards the flaming center of the club screaming. Pinocchio stares at the tail and sees his conscience hanging on for dear life. JIMINY Hey! Hey stop that! What're you doing? Pinocchio! JIMINY (CONT'D) Jiminy! Pinocchio moves forward, but freezes when the fire rises and obscures Pinocchio's view of the club. PINOCCHIO JIMINY! Pinocchio begins to cough as the fire and smoke become more powerful. EXT. PURRING FOX - MOMENTS LATER The front door swings open. Pinocchio runs out of the burning club and stands before it on the street as smoke and fire poke through the door and windows. Pinocchio stares helplessly, then suddenly a \"CRACK\" sound is heard and a small object flies out of the door and lands by Pinocchio's feet, smoking. Pinocchio picks up the object and his eyes well with tears. INSERT: Pinocchio holds Jiminy's badge in his shaking hand. PINOCCHIO Jiminy... Pinocchio collapses to his knees and holds his head in his hands as the building continues to burn and crackle. FADE TO BLACK. EXT. ROCKY SHORE - NIGHT Waves crash against the rocky shore of the island from earlier. High above the rocks we see a tower, with light shining from a large window. INT. TOWER - SAME A CLOWN sits nervously in a chair, his hands and feet bound by leather straps attached to the chair. A man sits in shadow behind a large Oak desk across from Clown, puffing on a pipe. The thick legs of the desk have half-man half-donkey figures carved into the wood, their heads up high as if they are screaming. Coachman blows out smoke. COACHMAN Are you aware of the penalty of lying to me? I would guess you wouldn't want to find out. CLOWN I don't know where she went. I'm not even her friend. Coachman sets the pipe onto the desk, rises to his feet, walks around the desk and steps into the light, revealing his ghost white hair under a hat and his heavyset frame dressed in a red suit with gold buttons. COACHMAN You sleep next to her room. Surely you must've heard something the night she took off with my treasure. CLOWN I swear I didn't see or hear a thing! Please let me go! COACHMAN Don't tell me what to do you pathetic piece of - ROGER (O.S.) Master! Coachman grins and turns around. COACHMAN You're finally back. Roger steps forward, holding Geppetto by his arm, a sack over his head. ROGER This bloke put up a good fight. But not good enough. Coachman approaches Geppetto and removes the sack to reveal Geppetto's tired old face. Coachman grinds his teeth. COACHMAN This isn't the one who stole my treasure. ROGER Well ya see master, this bloke and his son had the cube and we tried to - COACHMAN Show it to me. Roger feels his pockets, and suddenly looks worried. He checks Geppetto's pockets, only to find nothing. Roger slowly looks at his master, scared. ROGER Uh...listen, master, we nearly had it when suddenly - Coachman punches Roger across the jaw, then drags him over to the window and holds him over the side. COACHMAN You idiot! You've just cost me my entire business! I'm gonna teach you about disobeying my orders! Roger shuts his eyes as Geppetto stares at him. GEPPETTO Where's my son? What've you done to my Pinocchio? Coachman freezes and slowly looks over at Geppetto. COACHMAN What is your son's name? GEPPETTO Pinocchio. Where am I? Who are you? Coachman grins and pulls Roger to his feet. Coachman paces. COACHMAN I remember a boy with that name. The first, and only, boy to escape my island. GEPPETTO Pleasure Island? COACHMAN Very good, old man. (thinking aloud) His son must have it. And even if he doesn't, he'll know where it is. Coachman glares at Geppetto, then faces his servant. COACHMAN (CONT'D) I'm sending you back to do another little chore servant! One less complex than the last one. ROGER Anything master! COACHMAN But first... Coachman looks at the Clown. COACHMAN (CONT'D) This bloke's heard far too much. Coachman nods to Roger, who grins and nods back. Coachman approaches Geppetto. COACHMAN (CONT'D) You'll see your son again, mate. And he will give me what I want, because I always get what I want. Coachman slaps Geppetto on the shoulder and walks off. Geppetto watches him go with terrified eyes. Roger pulls out his gun and aims at the shaking Clown. ROGER Laugh clown, laugh. EXT. BAKERY - MORNING The sun shines down upon another part of the village. Smoke from last night's fire floats in the distance. A tall man in a bright green suit steps out of a small bakery, a walking stick in one hand and a bag full of fresh bread in the other. Meet ROBERTO FROKKO. BAKER (O.S.) Thank you, Senor! Have a safe journey. FROKKO We shall. Farewell! Frokko walks down the street, passing by a grimy alleyway. Frokko freezes, then looks into the alleyway with wide eyes. FROKKO (CONT'D) Impossible. EXT. GRIMY ALLEYWAY - SAME Sound asleep on some trash bags is Pinocchio, cradling the box in his arms. Frokko quietly approaches the boy and bends down, surveying his wooden body. Frokko very gently feels Pinocchio's right arm. FROKKO A living puppet. Pinocchio turns his head and slowly opens his eyes. He glances up at Frokko's stunned face. Pinocchio gasps and quickly backs away from Frokko against a stained wall, knocking over a trash can and sending some rats away. PINOCCHIO Don't hurt me! I don't have any money! I didn't mean to cause problems I just want to - FROKKO Sssh, sssh, sssh! I'm not going to hurt you my poor boy. I just saw you all alone, sleeping with the rats. PINOCCHIO Rats?! Pinocchio looks at his arms, which are covered with tiny bite marks. PINOCCHIO (CONT'D) They were eating at me! Oh, I hate my life! I just want to go home and be a real kid again! Pinocchio feels his broken nose. PINOCCHIO (CONT'D) I also want my nose back. Can't even smell this garbage without it. FROKKO I know someone who can make you a new nose. And I have fresh food, too. What's your name? PINOCCHIO Maurizio. Pinocchio looks at his nose. Nothing happens. Pinoke gives a small smile. PINOCCHIO (CONT'D) That's right. My name is Maurizio Collodi. Frokko holds out his hand. FROKKO I am Roberto Frokko, circus ringmaster extraordinare! Pinocchio shakes Frokko's hand. PINOCCHIO Pleasure to meet you. FROKKO Likewise. Now, let's go fix you up my friend. Pinocchio grabs his box as Frokko helps Pinocchio to his feet. As the two walk out of the alleyway - PINOCCHIO So you work at a circus? INT. FROKKO'S TENT - LATER Frokko sits in a chair as a CARPENTER carves some wood on a table next to Pinocchio, who sits across from Frokko on a stool munching on some bread. FROKKO Actually I've owned the circus since my father passed on. He taught me everything he knew about show business and thankfully he encouraged me to take charge when I became a man. Pinocchio swallows the bread and licks his fingers. PINOCCHIO I almost wish I had your father. My father doesn't want me running the family business at all. But I want to stay home and do just that. FROKKO Yes, about that...where's your father at? PINOCCHIO Not around here that's for sure. FROKKO Hmmm...interesting. Carpenter sets down his tool and holds out a freshly carved nose to Frokko. FROKKO (CONT'D) That's fine. Now put it on him. CARPENTER Yes, Senor. ELEONORA (O.S.) Frokko! Frokko you in there? Frokko rolls his eyes. FROKKO This girl's going to be the end of my sanity. And the season hasn't even started yet! Suddenly, Eleonora, wearing different clothes, jerks open the tent entrance. ELEONORA I heard that! All you care about is yourself and your - Eleonora stops and stares at Pinocchio in surprise. Pinocchio stares back, equally surprised. PINOCCHIO Eleonora? ELEONORA What happened to your skin? You look so - FROKKO Handsome does he not? (laughs) Found the poor lad homeless and starving so I'm taking care of him. You've seen him before? The girl angrily looks at Frokko. ELEONORA Maybe I'll be seeing more him Frokko, because I quit! Frokko is taken aback, then smiles at Pinocchio with embarrassment. FROKKO Excuse us, Maurice. (to Carpenter) Carpenter, finish your job. Frokko grabs Eleonora by the arm and takes her out of the tent. Pinocchio watches them leave, then looks at the box in his lap. He thinks. PINOCCHIO (V.O.) She'll know what this thing really is. Maybe she also knows why the Coachman wants it so badly. Carpenter turns to the boy, holding the nose, a hammer, and two fresh nails in his hands. Pinocchio stares with fear at the objects. PINOCCHIO (CONT'D) What do you plan to do with those? EXT. SUNSHINE CIRCUS GROUNDS - SAME Eleonora stands facing Frokko in front of a large wagon with a sign on the side reading 'SUNSHINE CIRCUS\". FROKKO You have nowhere else to go! ELEONORA What do you care? I'm not the only one who can fill your pockets with gold! FROKKO You have great potential, miss Lorenzini. You need to be my angel of the acrobats! ELEONORA Then give me better pay than what you originally offered. FROKKO That money goes to our production value and feeds our performing donkey! ELEONORA Then find another angel. Eleonora turns to leave. Frokko looks behind him, raises his eyebrows, then quickly steps in front of her. FROKKO Alright, miss! You've got a deal. Cross my heart, hope to die! ELEONORA Oh really? What about your precious production value and your ass? FROKKO False alarm. I just realized that I know how to handle those things. ELEONORA (disgusted) Please, I was talking about the animal. Frokko grins at Eleonora. FROKKO That boy you just saw. The living puppet. He's going to bring in more money unlike anything I've ever seen in this biz! He'll take care of the circus, while I take care of you. ELEONORA I don't think he's a puppet. He may look like one but last time I saw him - FROKKO Don't question my intelligence, missy. Just do what I say and you'll start living in riches and stop rotting in rags. Oh, and don't worry about the boy. You'll certainly be seeing more of him. Frokko pushes past Eleonora, who watches him go with hatred. EXT. CIRCUS GROUNDS - DAY Frokko walks past several wagons and tents, his arm around Pinocchio's shoulder. Pinocchio carries the box in his hands. FROKKO I'm so glad you've decided to stick around. Perhaps your father will turn up. But in the meantime, you'll fit right in with the rest of our lovely troupe. Pinocchio looks at Frokko, his new nose nailed to his face. PINOCCHIO Does my nose make me look stupid? FROKKO Looks don't matter here as you'll soon discover, Maurice. If you're talented and unusual, then you're in great shape. PINOCCHIO Uh...okay. Pinocchio looks at all the tents. PINOCCHIO (CONT'D) So which tent does Eleonora live in? FROKKO She's not feeling well. Best to avoid her so you don't get sick. Besides we've got to get you settled. INT. WAGON - DAY Frokko and Pinocchio step inside a large wagon, the sunlight illuminating the dark interior. One the far side of the wagon is a pair of cages with hay on the floor. The cage on the left is vacant, while a large brown donkey (LAMPWICK) sits in the right cage, looking at Frokko with frightened eyes. FROKKO Here it is. Nice and comfortable. PINOCCHIO Uh...where's the bed? FROKKO Here. Frokko approaches the cage on the left, unlocks it with a key, and opens the door. FROKKO (CONT'D) It's just as nice. You've also got an ass to keep you company. Lampwick turns his head away. Pinocchio is appalled at what he's hearing. PINOCCHIO I may not be human, Senor Frokko, but I'm not an animal and I refuse to be treated like one! Now I'm asking you to please find me another place to sleep in. FROKKO Circus freaks don't sleep in beds. You wanted to stay so you better do what I say! PINOCCHIO Circus freak?! I never agreed to that! I'm out of here! Pinocchio turns for the door. Frokko picks up a nearby whip and cracks it at Pinocchio's leg. The whip wraps itself around his leg. Frokko yanks the whip back, sending Pinocchio flat on his back. Frokko grabs Pinocchio by his head and throws him into the cage. Pinocchio bangs his head against the bars as Frokko slams the door shut and locks it with his key. FROKKO Foolish boy! No one walks out on Frokko! Frokko picks up Pinocchio's box. FROKKO (CONT'D) See you when we reach the next town. Frokko throws the box at Pinocchio, then storms towards the door. PINOCCHIO You let me out! I'm not a freak! I don't want to be in your stupid circus! The door slams shut, leaving Pinocchio and Lampwick in total darkness. EXT. CIRUS GROUNDS - SAME Frokko walks past the tents and wagons. The wagons are being loaded and the tents are being taken down by circus employees as we hear Pinocchio's cries. PINOCHIO (O.S.) (Muffled) Can anyone hear me? Let me out! INT. ELEONORA'S TENT - SAME Eleonora looks up from packing her suitcase, hearing something. PINOCCHIO (O.S.) (Muffled) Let me out of this cage! I want to go home! HELP! Pinocchio stops yelling. Eleonora shrugs and resumes her packing. INT. WAGON - SAME In the dark we hear Pinocchio breathing hard. PINOCCHIO I can't believe I trusted that guy. Idiot! Suddenly, violet light brightens the entire room. Pinocchio looks down at the glowing cube, out of its box, the cloud forming in the center again, and sits on the floor beside it. PINOCCHIO (CONT'D) It's your stupid fault I'm in this mess! If you're so great and bizarre, why don't you tell me where Father is! VOICE Save them. Save them. PINOCCHIO Is that all you can say?! I don't even know what that means! LAMPWICK (V.O.) Where the heck is that light coming from? PINOCCHIO Oh, it's coming from this crystal cube that I bought from - Pinocchio freezes and looks around the wagon. PINOCCHIO (CONT'D) Who said that? Can you help me get out of this thing? LAMPWICK (V.O.) I'm locked up just like you, pal. PINOCCHIO Impossible. The only ones that are locked up in here are me and - Pinoke thinks, then glances over at Lampwick, who is staring directly at him. Pinoke stares back, trying to figure it out. PINOCCHIO (CONT'D) Are you speaking to me? LAMPWICK (V.O.) I'm a donkey, genius! I can't talk. I'm just thinking and...hey! You can read my thoughts! PINOCCHIO But how I don't - Pinocchio looks back at the cube and he sees the donkey figure in the middle of the cloud. PINOCCHIO (CONT'D) The cube...lets me read the minds of donkeys? Lampwick stares fearfully at the cube, then shakes his head and pretends to be calm. LAMPWICK (V.O.) This is getting way too weird for me. Lampwick lowers his head and flops onto his side, yawning. LAMPWICK (V.O.) (CONT'D) I shouldn't be surprised though. After what happened to me on... (Painfully) Pleasure Island. PINOCCHIO Pleasure Island?! Pinoke leans against the cage towards Lampwick, his hands gripping the bars. PINOCCHIO (CONT'D) You went to Pleasure Island? Did you turn into this when you were there? Lampwick grunts. LAMPWICK (V.O.) No, I kissed a frog and begged him to turn me into a donkey. Of course I changed when I was there! (Calmer) I couldn't stop it so I ran for help. The place was deserted and looked like a battlefield. I nearly reached the entrance, but then a Coachman and some big black creatures with white eyes nabbed me and threw me in a crate, telling me I was gonna be sold at a good price. Then before I knew it, I ended up here, and I've been working crowds all across Europe for nine years straight. You think being a circus freak's a bad thing? Try jumping through hoops and giving little punk kids piggyback rides six days a week. I just wanna go home, kiss my mother on the cheek again, and leave this nightmare behind me. Lampwick sighs, tears rolling down his face. Pinocchio looks away, then back at the donkey. PINOCCHIO Listen. The Coachman who sold you. Did he have this cube with him? LAMPWICK (V.O.) Go to sleep. PINOCCHIO Please. I must know if he had this on him before you - LAMPWICK (V.O.) Get lost! Lampwick brays loudly. Pinocchio backs away. Lampwick lowers his head again and shuts his eyes. The light from the cube slowly starts to fade. The donkey figure fades away inside the cloud. EXT. WAGON - DUSK Frokko hands his whip to a CIRCUS COACHMAN and walks towards the wagon at the front. The Circus Coachman climbs into his seat on the wagon. He grabs the reigns of the horses attached to the wagon, the whip in his hand. EXT. ACROBAT WAGON - SAME Eleonora steps in front of Frokko. ELEONORA Where's Maurizio? FROKKO Sound asleep. Get in. ELEONORA I thought I heard someone screaming earlier. I just want to - FROKKO You want your money or not?! The girl sighs and hurries into the wagon next to her. Frokko keeps walking, shaking his head. INT. WAGON - SAME Pinocchio looks over at Lampwick, the light getting dimmer. PINOCCHIO Well since we're gonna be travelling together, my name is... Pinocchio glances at his nose, then sighs. PINOCCHIO (CONT'D) My real name, is Pinocchio. Pinocchio looks down and shuts his eyes. Lampwick raises his head, suddenly interested. He looks carefully at the boy. LAMPWICK Pinocchio? Pinocchio looks over at the donkey, tears in his eyes. LAMPWICK (CONT'D) I remember you. Don't you recognize my voice? We played pool together on Pleasure Island. PINOCCHIO Lampwick? Is it really you? LAMPWICK Is it really you? Pinocchio manages to make a small smile, nodding. Lampwick rests his muzzle next to Pinocchio's hand through the bars. Pinocchio gently strokes his best friend's head. The light fades out, leaving the room in pitch blackness. CIRCUS COACHMAN (V.O.) YAAAH! A whip is cracked, and we hear the sounds of the horses dragging the wagon. The sounds fade out. EXT. FOREST - NIGHT Owls hoot and crows caw throughout a dark forest. A candlelit lamp appears behind a tree as the owner, a middle-aged farmer named BARTY, steps away from the tree and moves forward. Barty holds a rifle in his other hand. A big black LABRADOR walks beside his master, the two of them looking around their surroundings with caution. They disappear behind some bushes as we cut to EXT. FOREST CLEARING - SAME Barty and the dog step inside a huge clearing, lit up by torches tied to large sticks protruding from the ground. Barty sees over thirty other farmers sitting or standing around. The farmers turn to face Barty. BARTY Well I'm here now. So what's this all about then? FARMER 1 We're all just as clueless as you are, Barty. We all came here for some meeting - FARMER 2 Set up by some fella who wants to help us - FARMER 3 And now he ain't even here! BARTY Well if that's how it is, then I say we head back home and go back to sleep like men with sense! ROGER (O.S.) If you farmers have any sense in your heads... The farmers turn to the front and stare with surprise at Roger, who stands on top of a large tree trunk, holding a rolled up sheet of parchment in his candy-cane hand. ROGER (CONT'D) You will stay and listen to my good news. FARMER 1 God, look at his hand! FARMER 3 It's made out of candy! FARMER 4 He's bewitched! Bewitched I tell ya! Barty sets his lamp down and aims his rifle at Roger. BARTY Look here, you freak! What do you want with us in the middle of the night? In the middle of nowhere? The Labrador growls and shows its teeth. ROGER I just want to talk. And my friends don't like it when people point things at me. Suddenly, several pairs of white lifeless eyes appear behind Roger. The farmers gasp and see many more white eyes surrounding them. Labrador whimpers and hides his face with his paws. Barty drops the rifle and holds up his hands. BARTY My apologizes, sir. You said something about having good news? ROGER Good news that can make all of you rich and get you out of debt. There's also the possibility of you blokes never having to grow another crop as long as you live. FARMER 2 How would that work out? Roger lifts up the parchment and opens it, revealing a wanted poster with a drawing of Pinocchio in the center, his name under the drawing. ROGER Gents, this trouble-making teenager is worth three million pounds to the courageous men who track him down and bring him to my employer, Mr. C. I kid you not! Three, million, pounds. The Farmers stare in awe at the price offered over Pinocchio's head. BARTY Why's his skin look like oak? ROGER Pinocchio's a rare oddity, gents. He's made entirely out of wood, and he must be caught and sent to Mr. C, hopefully by this Friday. FARMER 1 Today's Monday! FARMER 5 That gives people only four days! The farmers mumble in agreement as Barty steps closer to Roger. BARTY And then, when the kid's captured...he'll really pay up all that dough? Roger grins like he did outside the cave. The farmers all look at each other with their jaws dropped. Suddenly, they all rush out of the clearing and into the forest, cheering with excitement. BARTY (CONT'D) C'mon boy! ROGER GOOD LUCK, AS THERE'S MORE BLOKES OUT THERE LOOKING AT THE SAME POSTER! Barty and the dog follow the crowd, leaving Roger alone. Roger laughs and looks at the poster. ROGER (CONT'D) Try getting outta this one, splinters! Roger holds out his hand. A shadow man takes it, and they fly off into the night. The torches blow out in unison, leaving the clearing in total darkness under the clear night sky. INT. WAGON - NIGHT Pinocchio sits in his cage, wearing a colorful suit and a pointed hat. He stares at the front door, sweating. Outside, we hear music playing and people passing by. LAMPWICK (O.S.) You nervous, buddy? Pinocchio looks at Lampwick, who looks at him in his own cage with a pink feather on top of his head. PINOCCHIO I've haven't performed in front of people in a long time. What if I mess up and anger Frokko? LAMPWICK (V.O.) You wouldn't be the first guy to mess up an act. Just be calm, do your stuff and you'll get through the night just fine. Although... PINOCCHIO Although what? LAMPWICK (V.O.) You do look stupid in that outfit. PINOCCHIO Well at least I don't look like a peacock with hooves. The two stare at each other, then burst out laughing. After awhile, they calm down and sigh. LAMPWICK (V.O.) Feel better? Pinoke nods. PINOCCHIO Thanks, Lampy. I'm really happy to see you again. LAMPWICK (V.O.) Me too, Pinokey. Lampwick winks at his best friend. Suddenly the front door opens and two circus employees enter the room. One of them unlocks Lampwick's cage and ties a rope around his neck. LAMPWICK (V.O.) (CONT'D) Looks like we're up. Don't worry, pal, you'll knock 'em dead! Lampwick stands up and is walked out of the wagon by the circus employee. The second circus employee unlocks Pinocchio's cage and opens the door. CIRCUS EMPLOYEE Showtime. Pinocchio shallows hard, sighs, and stands out and exits the cage, leaving the cube in its box on the floor. The Circus Employee shuts the door and locks it. INT. PINOCCHIO'S TENT - NIGHT Frokko works up a crowd inside a small tent. Behind him is a large poster of Pinocchio in his outfit, with yellow words over his head that reads \"The Amazing Marionette Boy\". FROKKO Ladies and Gentlemen, boys and girls, Sunshine Circus is proud to present its latest attraction. Brought to life by a magical entity, he is a freak who is both boy and oak. Prepare to be astounded and amused by...The Amazing Marionette Boy! The crowd cheers as Frokko steps aside and rotates the poster and stage so the other side of it is seen. Standing on the other side, stiff and afraid, is Pinocchio. The crowd gasps and stares in wonder as Pinocchio turns his head and surveys the crowd. Pinocchio continues sweating and begins to stutter. Frokko clenches his teeth, then warmly smiles at the crowd. FROKKO (CONT'D) And now, he shall gladly entertain you folks! Frokko reaches over and raises his whip. Pinocchio gasps. FROKKO (CONT'D) (whispering) He just needs some encouragement. Pinocchio looks out at the audience, then something catches his eye ahead of him. Across the tent is a larger tent. Through the opening we can see Eleonora, wearing sparkling white tights, swing from one rope to another. The audience inside applauds and cheers. Eleonora looks over and sees Pinocchio staring at her with his wide eyes. She smiles and timidly waves. Pinocchio suddenly grins, shuts his eyes and begins tapping his left foot rhythmically. The crowd \"Ahhhs\" in unison. Frokko looks confused. PINOCCHIO (singing) I've got no strings, to hold me down. To make me fret, or make me frown. I had strings, but now I'm free. There are no strings on me! Pinocchio begins swaying his body and tap dancing. The crowd starts laughing. Frokko lowers his whip and looks at the puppet, impressed. PINOCCHIO (CONT'D) (singing) I've got no strings, to hold me down. To make fret, or make me frown. I had strings but now I'm free. There are no strings on me! Pinoke begins hopping on one leg to the left of the stage. PINOCCHIO (CONT'D) (singing) High-Ho, the Merrio! That's the only way to be! Pinoke rotates his entire free leg. Then he hops on that leg to the right of the stage. PINOCCHIO (CONT'D) (singing) I want the world to know, nothing ever worries me! Pinocchio spins his head around three times and kneels on the stage. The crowd laughs and applauds like crazy, some of them tossing gold coins at the stage as they yell \"Bravo! Bravo!\". Frokko smiles at the coins, then turns to the audience. FROKKO Wanna hear more from this talented oddity, folks? CROWD (chanting) More! More! More! Frokko smiles at Pinocchio, who smiles back and rises to his feet. The crowd silences as the boy begins to dance as we hear music playing. MONTAGE BEGINS: EXT. PINOCCHIO'S TENT - DUSK The following day, we see people running towards Pinocchio's tent, squeezing themselves inside. PINOCCHIO (V.O.) (Singing) You have no strings, your arms is free. To love me by the Zuider Zee! INT. PINOCCHIO'S TENT - SAME The crowd has doubled than the previous night's performance. They roar with laughter. PINOCCHIO (O.S.) (singing) Ya, ya, ya if you would too, I'd bust my strings for you! Onstage, Pinocchio skips in a dress around a lifeless marionette version of himself sitting on a chair, blowing kisses at him and at the crowd, who are greatly enjoying themselves. EXT. TENT - SAME Frokko looks at his star from the entrance, then looks at a sack full of gold coins in his hands. Frokko chuckles and moves away as we WIPE TO: INT. PINOCCHIO'S TENT - NIGHT Pinocchio struts his stuff in front of the Marionette, this time dressed in a feathery dress. The audience laughs and the men in the crowd whistle. PINOCCHIO (singing) You've got no strings, comme ci comme ca! Your savoire is oh-la-la! I've got strings but ente nous I'd cut my strings for you! Pinocchio picks up the Marionette and begins dancing with it, much to the amusement of the crowd. EXT. MAN TENT - SAME Eleonora, in her tights, looks through the main tent entrance at the tent across from her. The crowd is now so huge compared to last night's show that there many people standing outside, raising their heads up to see Pinocchio's act. ELEONORA He's actually really good. INT. MAIN TENT - SAME Eleonora turns and walks back inside, smiling as she passes Lampwick. LAMPWICK (V.O.) I wish he'd just stuck with the first outfit. He looks just like me grandmother. Suddenly, a CIRCUS CLOWN honks his horn behind Lampwick, causing him to jump in alarm and run towards a large flaming hoop in the center ring before a massive audience. Lampwick leaps off the ground and successfully makes it through the hoop. INT. PINOCCHIO'S TENT - NIGHT The next night, Pinocchio dances stomps across the stage in a purple Cossack suit and hat before another crowd. PINOCCHIO (singing) Down where the Volga flows, there's a Russian rendezvous. Pinoke rotates his entire body as he moves closer to the Marionette. PINOCCHIO (CONT'D) (singing) Where me and Ivan go, (to Marionette) But I'd rather go with you. Hey! Pinocchio spins towards the camera, blacking it out as we smash cut to INT. MAIN TENT - NIGHT Pinocchio spins away from the camera, now wearing a red male Cossack suit and hat as he begins kicking up his legs in Cossack fashion in the center ring before a cheering audience inside the main tent. This is the fourth night of Pinoke's career. As Pinocchio dances, Frokko stands next to a band that's playing the rest of the song. Frokko shakes his head in disbelief and lifts up a larger, heavier sack full of gold. He carefully looks at it, then at Pinoke. Frokko's arm suddenly falls due to the weight of the sack, and yelps as his entire body falls to the ground. The band continues to play. Standing aside, clapping and smiling is Eleonora in her tights. Lampwick brays beside her. LAMPWICK (V.O.) (laughing) YOU SHOW OFF! Pinoke finishes dancing and smiles a the crowd. PINOCCHIO There are no strings on me! Pinocchio falls onto one knee as the band finishes the song. The entire audience jump to their feet, cheering and clapping and throwing roses and other flowers at Pinocchio, who smiles and bows his head to the crowd. Frokko rises to his feet, dusts off his suit and joins the applause. Eleonora giggles with joy as she claps. Pinocchio stands and bows. The crowd cheers twice as loud. MONTAGE ENDS. EXT. COUNTRYSIDE - SAME A couple of men bearing lamps approach a large poster attached to a wooden pole advertising Sunshine Circus, including an advertisement for \"The Amazing Marionette Boy: He Sings, He Dances, He Lives!\" The two men are FARMER 1 and FARMER 3 from the forest. FARMER 3 (reading out loud) \"The Amazing Marionette Boy. He sings, he dances, he lives.\" Farmer 3 looks at the circus in the distance, the cheering of the crowd from the main tent echoing through the night air. FARMER 3 (CONT'D) Sounds like we missed a good show. Time to sleep I think. FARMER 1 Do you think we're on vacation?! We're running out of time to find that wanted kid, you silly little - Farmer 1 freezes, then he and his friend slowly look back the poster. FARMER 1 (CONT'D) Come on! Farmer 1 grabs Farmer 3's arm and the two of them run off. INT. FROKKO'S TENT - LATER Frokko holds Pinocchio (still in his Cossack costume) by his shoulders and kisses him numerous times on the cheeks and forehead as Eleonora watches with disgust. Frokko finally gives the boy one long kiss on the mouth, then frees him. FROKKO My God, Maurice, you are the greatest performer I have ever seen in this entire business! Four nights in a row you knocked 'em all dead! PINOCCHIO I never thought I could do any of that stuff! And everyone liked me! FROKKO Liked you?! My dear boy, they loved you! ELEONORA And I do, too! I mean, your act! I really love your... Eleonora looks away, embarrassed. Pinoke smiles at her. PINOCCHIO You were fantastic, Eleonora. I've never seen such skill and bravery when it came to - FROKKO Alright, alright you two just zip it for a moment! I may be a harsh man, but I am also a man of my word. Frokko picks up two sacks of gold from a small table and hands one to Eleonora. FROKKO (CONT'D) For my angel of the acrobats! The girl takes the sack and can hardly believe how heavy it is. Frokko hands the one sack to Pinoke. FROKKO (CONT'D) And for you, my young show-stopper. PINOCCHIO For me? But...I thought you'd never- FROKKO I was wrong about you. You're more than just a circus freak. You're an artist. (beat) Now get some rest, you two. At dawn we head out to the greatest audience in the world! We're going to America, the land of opportunity! The smile on Pinoke's face slightly drops. PINOCCHIO Wow...I can hardly wait. Pinocchio exits the tent. Eleonora watches him go with a cornered look on her face. She looks at Frokko, then exits the tent herself. Frokko shrugs and blows out a lamp hanging from the top, leaving the tent in darkness. INT. CENTER RING - LATER Eleonora steps inside the center ring, now dark and empty. Except for Pinocchio, who sits on one of the benches, looking down at his sack with sad eyes. Eleonora approaches Pinocchio and sits down beside him. Pinocchio doesn't look up. ELEONORA It must feel great to get what you deserve. I mean, the money. PINOCCHIO Have you ever been to America? ELEONORA I've travelled a lot all my life, but I've never gone to America. PINOCCHIO I never went anywhere beyond my village for most of my life. I was too scared to try anything new and different. My father told me he wanted me to go out and take risks and try new things. I should be happy, because I'm doing just that, and I'm making so many people happy, and I'm earning income just like an adult. But I feel so lost. I still think about wanting to find Father, go home and have my old life back...but I don't think he even wants me at home anymore. He wants me to leave and be a man like everyone else. Pinocchio sighs. PINOCCHIO (CONT'D) Well at least I'll be doing different things knowing Senor Frokko will take care of me. And I'll get paid to make people laugh. ELEONORA What happened to your father? PINOCCHIO He was kidnapped. I've been trying to find him and give my cube to the kidnappers so they'll free him. PINOCCHIO (CONT'D) But now that I'm here, I don't see much point in going on. ELEONORA Do you have this cube with you? INT. WAGON - LATER Eleonora, Pinocchio, and Lampwick (in his cage) stare at the cube on the floor of the wagon. The cube is glowing and the donkey figure is present. VOICE Save them. Save them. PINOCCHIO It started glowing the night my father was kidnapped. It keeps saying that whenever I'm with it. Where did you get this from, Eleonora? Eleonora stares at the cube with a worried expression. ELEONORA It was about a week ago. I had been hired by a Coachman to be an acrobat at his amusement park. The park was called Pleasure Island and was for boys only. After a few days of working there, I became angry because this guy refused to give me a reasonable amount of pay. I was about to walk out when I noticed something. Every time the Coachman was watching the kids, he would take out of his pocket this same cube and would stare at it with a creepy grin on his face. I figured a thing like that would be worth a fortune. So one night, I snuck into his office, and snatched the cube as he slept. Then I took off in a rowboat, came to shore and tried to sell the cube. Then you came to me...and I willingly sold it to you. Eleonora looks at Pinocchio, tears forming in her eyes. ELEONORA (CONT'D) If I had known what that monster was capable of, I would never have sold it to you and gotten your father into trouble. LAMPWICK (V.O.) I remember seeing the Coachman looking at that same cube right before I was shipped off. He was laughing as it was glowing like it gave him a sense of power. Lampwick lowers his head in shame LAMPWICK (V.O.) (CONT'D) I just didn't want to remember it. PINOCCHIO A sense of power? Maybe this cube is what the Coachman uses to turn boys into donkeys! Eleonora wipes her eyes and composes herself. ELEONORA What're you talking about? PINOCCHIO Pleasure Island. There's a curse that turns bad boys into donkeys. The Coachman then sells them for profit. Pinocchio points to Lampy. PINOCCHIO (CONT'D) That's exactly what happened to Lampwick. It almost happened to me too. Eleonora lets all this sink in. Then she looks directly into Pinocchio's eyes. ELEONORA I think you have to go to Pleasure Island, Pinocchio. PINOCCHIO What?! First the Blue Fairy and now you too? Pinocchio rises to his feet and leans against his cage. PINOCCHIO (CONT'D) I can't go there. I barely escaped the last time I was there. ELEONORA Pinocchio, your father's in danger! You can't just leave him! PINOCCHIO I can't go back. You don't understand. Eleonora jerks Pinocchio around so he faces her. ELEONORA You don't understand! If that man's as evil as you say he is, just imagine what he'll do to your father if you don't give him the cube! You have three things I've never had: you have a father who loves you, a place to call home, and you've got me and Lampwick on your side! (beat) You don't have to face the world all by yourself, Pinoke. That's what friends and families are for. And I am sure that your father was looking out for your best interests before all this happened. LAMPWICK (V.O.) And what about Jiminy? If you give up now, then he would have died for nothing. Pinocchio lets this sink in. He reaches into his cage and picks up an object hiding under some hay. Pinocchio stares at Jiminy's badge. He finally looks up at his two friends. PINOCCHIO I could use your help. EXT. WAGON - LATER The front door creaks open. Eleonora pokes her head and surveys the quiet circus grounds. ELEONORA (whispering) All clear. The door opens wider. Pinocchio (now wearing the clothes he wore before \"joining\" the circus), Eleonora and Lampwick quietly descend the stairs and walks towards the front gates of the circus. Pinocchio carries his box in his hands as he surveys all the tents and wagons. The trio pass by the main tent when suddenly - BARTY (O.S.) BOY! The trio jerk their heads to the right and are shocked to see Barty, Farmer 1 and Farmer 3 standing there. Two of them hold torches while Barty holds his growling Labrador by a leash. Frokko stands beside Barty, looking frightened as Farmer 1 points a pistol at his head. BARTY (CONT'D) Leaving so soon? FROKKO I'm so sorry, Maurice! They forced me! Something about a bounty on your head! PINOCCHIO What?! FARMER 1 Mr. C's looking for ya, kid. FARMER 3 And now...you're coming with us! PINOCCHIO Maybe another time! RUN! The trio run towards the gates as Barty's dog barks viciously. FROKKO DON'T LET THEM GET YOU! DON'T LET THOSE ASSES GET - Farmer 1 knocks Frokko unconscious with the butt of his pistol. Frokko falls to the ground. FARMER 1 Ass! EXT. CIRCUS GROUNDS - SAME The trio continue to run towards the gates. They're almost home free when suddenly, a large mob of the same farmers from the forest run out from both sides of the gates, armed with torches and ropes. The trio freeze in their tracks as the mob head towards them. The trio back away and turn to see Barty and his two farmer friends, with more farmers standing beside them. The mob circles the trio, who stand there and glance at the grinning faces. PINOCCHIO (to Eleonora) Can't you fight them off? ELEONORA There's too many! BARTY You're quite right, girl. Now that you realize this, I think now's the time for your wooden boyfriend to give in. Farmer 3 approaches Pinoke, swinging his torch around. Pinocchio stares at the flames and shudders. FARMER 3 What's wrong? Is it too hot? The farmers laugh in unison as Pinocchio stands there and dodges the flames. Eleonora holds onto him. Lampwick clenches his teeth in anger. LAMPWICK (braying) HEE-HAW! Lampwick swings around and kicks Farmer 3 in the gut with his back legs. Farmer 3 flies into Barty and the others, the torch falling behind them. Lampwick brays hysterically and begins kicking the other farmers with his back legs. The farmers go down, unable to dodge Lampy's speed. Farmer 1 rises to his feet and aims his pistol at the donkey. FARMER 5 jumps onto Lampy's back. Lampy starts bucking frantically. His back foot kicks up a small rock, which flies into the barrel of the pistol and jams it. Farmer 1 pulls the trigger, but the pistol backfires and sends Farmer 1 flying backwards. Lampy bucks Farmer 5 off, who flies head first into a nearby tent with a sign on the side that reads \"WILD TIGERS\". Pinoke and Eleonora stare in awe as the donkey kicks more farmers and sends them to the ground and some of them into nearby wagons and tents. Barty rises to his feet, then turns around to see his farmer friends (including Farmer 1 and Farmer 3) racing the opposite direction, screaming. Barty looks the other way and sees all the other farmers racing out of the gates, also screaming. Lampy pants hard and snorts. LAMPWICK (V.O.) (CONT'D) Yellow-bellied bastards! Lampy looks at his two friends. LAMPWICK (V.O.) (CONT'D) Hop on my back. We're getting outta this joint! Pinoke grabs Eleonora's hand and the two of them run over and get onto Lampwick's back. Lampwick lifts his front legs into the air, brays, then runs swiftly out of the gates and run towards some trees in the distance. Barty's dog barks at them. Barty grabs his leash and unties the dog from it. BARTY Sick 'em boy! Go get 'em! The Labrador sprints after the trio, barking wildly. FARMER 5 (O.S.) Run! Run for yer bloody life Barty! Farmer 5 runs out of the tiger tent and past Barty. Barty looks at the tent, screams, and follows his friend. Four tigers race after them, growling. EXT. WOODS - LATER The trio ride through the dark woods, dodging trees and knocking away fallen tree branches. Eleonora holds her arms around Pinocchio's stomach as he holds onto Lampwick's back- hair with one hand and the box in his other one. Labrador's barking is heard from behind. Eleonora looks over her shoulder and gaps at the sight of the dog catching up to them. ELEONORA (to Pinocchio) Don't look behind us! PINOCCHIO What's wrong? ELEONORA Just don't look behind us! Pinocchio rotates his head so his entire head sees the dog. He yelps and swiftly turns his head back in its normal position. PINOCCHIO I looked behind us! I can't believe I actually looked behind us! The dog sprints up so that its running next to Lampwick's head. Lampwick's eyes widen at the sight of the dog. The dog runs closer, snapping its jaws. LAMPWICK (braying) HEE-HAW! Lampwick makes a sharp turn to his right and runs through seom bushes. The dog continues running forward, its head still turned on Lampy, until it smacks head first into an oak tree. The dog yelps in pain. EXT. THICKET - SAME Lampwick bursts through a large shrubbery and continues running through a thicket alongside a high-rising mass of land. As the donkey runs, Eleonora looks around them. ELEONORA (to Pinocchio) I think we're home free! PINOCCHIO Swell! Pinoke leans towards his best friend's ear. PINOCCHIO (CONT'D) We made it, Lampy! You can stop running now! LAMPWICK (V.O.) Check your right! Pinocchio slowly looks up and sees the Labrador running alongside the trio from the top of the mass of land. PINOCCHIO Bad dog! Very bad dog! ELEONORA Don't encourage him, Pinoke! Labrador dodges some trees and logs as the trio continue running through the thicket. Suddenly, Labrador leaps off the land, jaws open and his claws spread out. Eleonora looks away as Pinocchio gasps in horror. The dog flies past Pinocchio's head, one of his front paws scratching Pinocchio's face as he lands onto the ground and starts rolling downhill. Pinocchio screams and covers his face with both hands, dropping the box. The box rolls across the dirt and finally stops, the lid off exposing the cube as the trio ride into the distance. EXT. LAKE - SAME The Labrador continues rolling and whimpering downhill, finally crashing against some rocks next to a calm lake. The dog whimpers as it rises to three of its legs, the front one broken and hanging. The Lab howls into the clear night sky in pain. His howling echoes through the night as we DISSOLVE TO: EXT. FARTHER DOWN LAKE - EARLY MORNING The morning sky hovers over a farther side of the lake. Birds chirp and drink from the lake as we see Pinocchio, Eleonora, and Lampwick sound asleep beside each other on the ground. Pinocchio groans as he turns towards the camera. We see that the right side of his face is covered with deep scratch marks from the chase. Pinocchio yawns and opens his eyes. He smiles at the sight of Eleonora sleeping beside him. Pinocchio stands up and stretches, looking at the calm lake. Suddenly, he swings around and looks at the ground. He looks all around the area, looking frantic. He smacks his forehead. PINOCCHIO I dropped it. EXT. THICKET - LATER Pinocchio walks through the same thicket from the night before, carefully looking at the ground and through the trees and bushes. He sees something up ahead. He runs for it and falls onto his knees. On the ground is the box. Pinocchio picks it up and his shocked to see that there's no cube inside. PINOCCHIO It's gone?! It can't be! I can't lose you now, you stupid block! Pinocchio throws the box into some mud, then his eyes widen with interest. The box is lying inside a large muddy print made from a boot. There are many more prints in the mud that lead into the woods. Pinocchio stands up and slowly begins following the trail of footsteps. EXT. CLEARING - LATER Pinocchio stops at the last print, which is just outside a grassy clearing in the woods. Pinocchio is staring at something in the clearing. Sitting in the clearing is a medium-sized wooden cottage, smoking rising out of a brick chimney. The windows are dark and there's not a sound inside. Pinocchio walks towards the cottage, stares at a pair of boots lying beside it with dry mud on the bottom, and knocks on the door. PINOCCHIO Excuse me? Is anyone home? Pinochio knocks on the door several more times. No answer or noise. Pinocchio looks behind his shoulder, sees no one, then quietly turns the doorknob and opens the door. INT. COTTAGE - SAME Pinocchio steps into the darkened space, the only light seen coming from an active fireplace. Pinoke looks both ways, then quietly steps inside, leaving the door slightly open. Pinocchio tenses up as he stares at the walls of the cottage, which are completely covered with marionettes hanging from strings. Pinocchio steps forward, eyes on the walls, the floorboards creaking under his feet. Behind him, a bedroom door slowly opens. Suddenly Pinoke bumps into a wooden table and jerks back in alarm. Lying on the table is the cube. Pinocchio sighs with relief. PINOCCHIO I thought I'd lost you forever. Pinoke picks up the cube. Suddenly, the front door slams shut. Pinocchio swings around in alarm. His eyes widen more as he sees a tall, heavyset man in a dark brown robe, with grey hair and a long grey beard, standing in front of the door. The man, STROMBOLI, eyes still on the boy, uses his right hand to lock the door. Stromboli slowly approaches Pinocchio. PINOCCHIO (CONT'D) I'm sorry, Senor. I just came to get my cube back. (lifts it up) PINOCCHIO (CONT'D) I've got it now. I won't trouble you anymore, I promise. Stromboli stops, his nose touching Pinocchio's nose. Stromboli raises an onion to his mouth, chomps on it, and slowly eats as he speaks to the boy. STROMBOLI I know who you are. You leave me, make fool out of me, leave me to make less money than I could have made. Stromboli swallows and blows into Pinoke's eyes. Pinoke's eyes water as he stares at the man with surprise. STROMBOLI (CONT'D) We were supposed to tour the world. Paris. London. Monte Carlo. And Constantinople. PINOCCHIO You...Stromboli! STROMBOLI And you...my little wooden traitor! Stromboli throws the onion away, grabs Pinocchio and shoves him against one of the walls. Pinocchio knocks some of the puppets off the wall. STROMBOLI (CONT'D) Now that you here - Stromboli grabs Pinoke and shoves him against the opposite wall, sending more puppets to the floor. STROMBOLI (CONT'D) I do what should've been done nine year ago! Stromboli grabs the boy and shoves him against the fireplace. The firewood crackles and snaps. Stromboli picks up a hatchet lying by the fireplace and raises it to his face, grinning. STROMBOLI (CONT'D) You will make good, everlasting, comforting, firewood! Stromboli raises the hatchet over his head. Pinocchio stares at it, scared shitless - when he suddenly frowns and swiftly rotates his left arm numerous times, knocking Strombli's arm and causing the hatchet to fly backwards and pin itself against the head of a hanging Cossack puppet. Pinocchio spins his body and lowers himself to the floor, using his legs to knock Stromboli off-balance and make him land onto his back on top of the table, which crushes under his weight. Stromboli winces and yelps in pain. Pinocchio stands over him, enraged. PINOCCHIO You may have terrified me as a boy, but you will no longer terrify me as a man! STROMBOLI Please, don't hurt me. I am poor and old. Show mercy, Pinocchio. Show mercy. Suddenly we hear someone tapping on the window. Pinocchio looks at the window and sees Eleonora and Lampwick looking back at him, alarmed. ELEONORA (through the glass) Pinocchio! Are you alright?! Pinocchio nods, then turns his eyes back to the shuddering man. PINOCCHIO Now I am. EXT. CLEARING - LATER The trio of friends sit around a campfire, with a boiling pan hanging over the flames. The trio eat some pasta on plates. Pinocchio has the cube, no longer in its box, sitting beside him as he eats. Eleonora sits beside him, her back against a bush. She stares at her plate. ELEONORA I can't remember the last time I had a hot meal. Can't remember the last time I had a decent meal. PINOCCHIO This used to be my favorite dish as a kid. Father added mushrooms when he cooked it and he used to call it \"Pasta Ala Geppetto\". (sad) I was planning to make it for him on his birthday, which was last Sunday. ELEONORA We're gonna find your father. Even if it's the last thing I ever do. Pinocchio smiles, then holds up some pasta on his fork and puts it into Eleonora's mouth. The girl eats and smiles at her friend. Lampwick finishes licking his plate and belches. LAMPWICK (V.O.) Boy, that really hit the spot. Hey Pinokey, is there any water this guy could give us? PINOCCHIO I don't see why not. Pinocchio whistles and waves towards the cottage. The door opens and Stromboli nervously walks out and bows before Pinocchio. STROMBOLI Enjoying your breakfast, Pinocchio? PINOCCHIO Yes thanks. My friends and I are thirsty. Please get two glasses of water and one clean bucket of water for my animal friend. STROMBOLI Anything you want, Senor. Stromboli bows and hurries into the cottage. ELEONORA So, Pinoke, do you have any idea why the cube keeps talking to you? PINOCCHIO I've thought a lot about it. My theory's that since the cube is what gives the Coachman power and the ability to turn boys into donkeys, it's almost as if this cube is telling me to save those boys. LAMPWICK (V.O.) But why you? And what about you being able to read my thoughts? PINOCCHIO As far as I know, Lampy, I was the only kid ever to escape from Pleasure Island without transforming completely. This is gonna sound silly...but I think this cube doesn't want to turn boys into donkeys. I think it chose me to end the curse. That's why I can understand you, because I was there when you transformed and I managed to escape knowing what was really happening there. ELEONORA But how do you end the curse? PINOCCHIO I don't know. But as long as I'm rescuing Father...I have to help those poor kids before it's too late. Pinocchio sets his plate down and walks over to the trees, looking out into the woods. Pinoke sighs heavily. PINOCCHIO (CONT'D) The only problem here is we don't know how to get there. And we can't go into any towns to ask for help because now there's a price on my head! (chuckles) I don't know how this could get any worse. Suddenly, Eleonora screams and jumps to her feet. Lampy and Pinoke look at her with alarm. ELEONORA Something jumped on the back of my neck and now it's in my clothes! Get it off! Get it off! Eleonora starts shaking herself. Pinoke rushes over and rubs her clothes. A small figure falls on its stomach onto the grass. PINOCCHIO There it is! ELEONORA I'll kill it! The girl takes off her sandal and raises it over her head. The figure turns around - it's Jiminy! Jiminy holds his arms up. JIMINY No, please! It was an accident! Pinoke grabs Eleonora's arm and stops her. His jaw drops and his eyes bulge out of his head. As does the cricket. PINOCCHIO ...Jiminy? JIMINY ...Pinocchio? Pinoke holds out his hand. The cricket, his left leg bandaged up with some dry blood on it, slowly steps into Pinoke's hand. Pinoke gently lifts the cricket up so the two friends are staring into each other's teary eyes. PINOCCHIO I thought I'd never see you again. JIMINY Same here, Pinoke. Same here. Jiminy embraces Pinocchio's nose. Pinocchio gently weeps. Eleonora stares at the two, putting it together. ELEONORA So you're Jiminy. LAMPWICK (V.O.) Well I'll be... (smiling) The beetle's alive. Pinocchio looks at his conscience and composes himself. PINOCCHIO Where've you been since the fire? What happened to your leg? JIMINY Well, on the night of the fire... INT. PURRING FOX - NIGHT - FLASHBACK The fire burns and grows as Honest John runs screaming away from Pinocchio. Jiminy rides on his tail. JIMINY (V.O.) I jumped onto Honest John's tail and set it on fire to try to save you. He ran to the back door with me trapped in his tail. INSERT: Jiminy's badge falls off his coat and lands into some fire on the floor. EXT. PURRING FOX - BACK ALLEY - SAME - FLASHBACK Honest John jumps through the back door and lands into some trash cans. His laming tail flicks into the air, sending Jiminy flying and eventually landing onto the cobblestone ground. The cricket lays there, disorientated and his left leg burnt up and smoking. JIMINY (V.O.) I finally got off, but my leg was burnt and I was out of it. A NURSE CRICKET (female cricket wearing a nurse uniform) pokes her head out of a small hole in a nearby wall. She runs over to Jiminy and kneels beside him. JIMINY (V.O.) (CONT'D) Luckily, a nurse cricket found me lying there and quickly got me help. INT. CRICKET HOSPITAL - NIGHT - FLASHBACK Jiminy rests in a small bed among other sleeping crickets who are bandaged up or moaning in pain. JIMINY (V.O.) I spent two days resting in a hospital for crickets. They bandaged my leg but told me if it didn't heal properly...then they might have to amputate it. INT. CRICKET HOSPITAL - DAY - FLASHBACK Nurse Cricket uses a large saw to put a small piece of bread from a life-sized loaf. She sets the piece on a plate and uses a spoon to carefully feed Jiminy. Jiminy eats and smiles. JIMINY (V.O.) It was on the third morning that I knew where I was and how they found me. I started feeling better, except for the fear that my leg would have to go. Jiminy shallows. EXT. HOSPITAL GARDEN - MORNING - FLASHBACK Jiminy is pushed through a small garden in a wheelchair by Nurse Cricket, his leg now bandaged. JIMINY (V.O.) I was beginning to wonder how I'd ever find you. Then that very morning, I saw it. Nurse Cricket looks up. NURSE CRICKET Look at that. That boy looks so odd doesn't he? Jiminy looks up and his jaw drops. Nailed to the wall of a human hardware store is one of Roger's wanted posters for Pinocchio. JIMINY (V.O.) Someone had put a bounty on your head, Pinoke. JIMINY (V.O.) (CONT'D) I couldn't believe it, and yet there it was for the whole village to see. EXT. CRICKET HOSPITAL - NIGHT - FLASHBACK Jiminy slowly climbs down a bedsheet that's tied to the window of the hospital as if it were a rope. JIMINY (V.O.) So at midnight that night, I decided to do the right thing and come find you, leg or no leg. But to my relief... Jiminy loses his grip and falls onto both feet. He cringes in pain, but doesn't fall. Jiminy smiles and pats his bandaged leg. JIMINY (V.O.) (CONT'D) My leg took the fall. So then I rushed off into the night, and gradually started hearing rumors about a living marionette in a travelling circus. Jiminy runs into the night down the street, his umbrella in his hands and his hat on his head. EXT. CLEARING - LATER Back in the present, Jiminy finishes his tale. JIMINY So I just followed the posters advertising the circus and ended up here. And then this morning I smelt something good, went over here hoping to grab some breakfast...and here you are. PINOCCHIO Wow Jiminy. I'm really impressed, and also really sorry I got you into this mess. ELEONORA This kissing and making up is all great, you two, but now we gotta focus on getting to Pleasure Island and freeing Geppetto! LAMPWICK (V.O.) And save all those kids, too. JIMINY I'm sorry, miss, but I don't have any knowledge of how to get there, let alone how to find the nearest ocean. PINOCCHIO Then...that means we've lost. Suddenly, a glowing blue arrow appears on the ground. Pinocchio and his friends stare in awe at the arrow. They look ahead of them and see more glowing blue arrows on the ground, creating a trail past the trees and into the woods. ELEONORA What is that? JIMINY Golly, it looks like a trail! LAMPWICK (V.O.) Why's it blue and glowing? PINOCCHIO The Blue Fairy. (at the sky) She's helping us. She's making a trail that'll take us to the nearest ocean! Look! Pinocchio and the others look carefully at the arrows, all of which are moving like water and making sounds of the sea. JIMNY Never ceases to amaze me. Pinocchio runs over to his plate and picks up the cube with his free hand. PINOCCHIO Let's follow it! C'mon! Pinocchio rushes past Eleonora, who quickly follows behind. Lampwick sighs. LAMPWICK (V.O.) Just when I was getting used to nature. A crow lands on Lampwick's head. Lampwick jumps up, scaring the crow away. LAMPWICK (V.O.) (CONT'D) Get lost, buzzard breath! Lampwick hurries after his friends. Stromboli steps out of the cottage, holding a tray with two glasses full of water in one hand and holding a bucket full of water in the other hand. Stromboli freezes at the sight of his guests gone. Stromboli screams through his clenched teeth and throws the bucket and tray down. He starts cursing in gibberish and kicks over the boiling pan, sending the contents onto the grass. As he continues to rant - Grinning high above the clearing in the sky, lying on his stomach upon a floating black mass, is Roger. ROGER This just keeps gett'n better and better. (to mass) To the tower and step on it! The mass speeds off into the horizon, Roger riding it the entire way. INT. TOWER - DAY Coachman is gripping Roger by the collar of his suit. COACHMAN Are you absolutely sure he's on his way here? ROGER And he's got a band of misfit friends along for the ride, master. They think they're gonna save the old geazer and live to tell about it! And the best part is...he's got the cube with him! Coachman frees Roger, smiling. COACHMAN This is perfect! He will come, and he will suffer unless he hands me the cube! I've gotta ready me coach and start collecting! And you...get Mister Geppetto ready for a family reunion. ROGER My pleasure, master! Coachman laughs as he grabs his whip and runs out of the tower. Roger grabs some shackles lying on the floor behind him and hurries behind his master, shutting the door to the tower. EXT. BEACH - NIGHT Our four heroes weakly walk onto the shore of a vacant beach, the waves calmly coming into contact with the sand and then retreating back to the sea. LAMPWICK (V.O.) My feet are killing me! We musta walked for eight hours straight. ELEONORA Why did the trail stop here? Pinocchio looks down at the last arrow by his feet. PINOCCHIO I dunno. Maybe it wasn't the Blue Fairy after all and just some kinda - Pinocchio looks up and his tired eyes fly open. In the distance we see a large white ferry sitting by a dock, with hundreds of kids cheering on board. PINOCCHIO (CONT'D) Just a little farther, guys! Pinocchio and his friends move on towards the ferry, a little bit faster now. EXT. DOCK - LATER A large Technicolor coach pulls up to the dock and stops. Hundreds of boys on the coach cheer and jump off, running across the gangplank and onto the vessel. The Coachman jumps off his seat and grins at the boys, his whip in his hand. COACHMAN MAKE ROOM FOR THE LAST BUNCH BOYS! ALL ABOARD THAT'S GOING ABOARD! Coachman walks towards the gangplank. A few feet away, our four heroes poke their heads over a large rock and watch as the Coachman boards the vessel while some workers handle the coach and the donkeys that pulled the coach. Jiminy stares in disbelief at the ferry in Pinocchio's free hand. ELEONORA I hoped that I'd never have to see that fat ugly face again. JIMINY Look at all those boys. They have no idea what they're getting themselves into. PINOCCHIO What? Pinocchio leans forward and is surprised to see Toto and his three friends cheering at the front of the ferry among a mob of teenage boys. TOTO HURRY UP! LET'S GO! The surrounding teens cheer. PINOCCHIO Toto and his friends are going, too? JIMINY Looks like they're now taking teenage boys to Pleasure Island, too. LAMPWICK (V.O.) Just like I was. ELEONORA So what do we do? PINOCCHIO I think you and me - The four heroes gasp and duck behind the rock as two workers pass by, dragging two donkeys alongside them. EXT. ROCK - SAME Pinocchio turns to face his friends. PINOCCHIO I think Eleonora and me should sneak aboard, arrive, and then get Father out of there as soon as possible. JIMINY But what about me and him? LAMPWICK (V.O.) Him? You've got some nerve, beetle! PINOCCHIO Lampwick! (to Jiminy) I think you and Lampwick should stay right here. There's no way I can sneak Lampwick aboard without anyone noticing - JIMINY But I'm small and I'm your conscience! I have to come with you! Pinocchio takes out of his pocket Jiminy's badge and holds it up to his friend. PINOCCHIO Jiminy...you are without a doubt the best conscience in the entire world. But you're still healing and I don't want to risk losing you for real. JIMINY But the Blue Fairy told me - PINOCCHIO She'll understand. Now I'm asking you, not as my conscience, but as my best animal friend, to stay here and wait for me and Eleonora to return. Pinocchio sets the badge into Jiminy's hands. Jiminy stares painfully at Pinoke. JIMINY You promise to come back? PINOCCHIO I promise I'll be back. I promise. Jiminy hugs Pinoke's nose again and kisses it. JIMINY I love you, son. PINOCCHIO I love you too, pal. Suddenly a horn from the ferry blows, causing Pinocchio and Eleonora to look at the ferry. ELEONORA It's leaving soon. We better hurry. Pinocchio nods and gently sets Jiminy beside Lampwick's feet. PINOCCHIO Lampwick, you take care of him and yourself, okay? LAMPWICK (V.O.) Sure thing. Go get 'em Slats! Pinocchio winks at Lampy, then he and Eleonora quietly dash over the rock and run towards the ferry. Jiminy holds his hat in his hands and sheds a tear. JIMINY I'm his best animal friend. I mean more to him than I thought I did. LAMPWICK (V.O.) He better come back. If he gets caught and turned into a donkey I'll kick his butt...brave little buddy. Lampwick tears up and lies down on the ground. Jiminy sits down and gently weeps into his hat as another horn goes off on the ferry. EXT. OPEN OCEAN - NIGHT The ferry moves at full speed towards the massive island in the distance, a large storm cloud approaching it against the clear night sky. INT. BELOW DECK - SAME In the darkness we can hear boys cheering and \"Hi Diddle Dee- Dee\" being played by an organ above. Sitting among hundreds of crates is Pinocchio and Eleonora. PINOCCHIO All these crates? These are what boys are thrown into when they're transformed. ELEONORA It blows my mind. I can't believe how cruel some people are in this world. PINOCCHIO Me either. But y'know something? All my life I've been paralyzed with the fear of running into those people again. And now, nine years later, I've run into the same two con artists, the same evil showman, and now I'm about to face the same guy who's haunted my dreams for too long. I'm not saying that I'm fearless. I just don't want to be paralyzed anymore. ELEONORA I think your father wants the same thing, Pinocchio. Pinocchio nods, then looks at the girl. PINOCCHIO I want to thank you, Eleonora. If it weren't for you I wouldn't be saving my father. And if it weren't for you... Pinocchio gazes into the girl's eyes, as does she. ELEONORA Yes Pinocchio? PINOCCHIO I would never have known you. Pinocchio and Eleonora lean towards his each. They feel each other's hair, and close their eyes - Suddenly, the cube on the floor between them glows. The two kids open their eyes and lean closer to the cube. ELEONORA Why's it doing this now? PINOCCHIO Calm down. No one can see it or hear it from up there. The donkey shape appears in the cloud. VOICE Save them. Save them. The donkey suddenly morphs into a large shape. The shape holds a large silver sword over its head, then swings it down onto a cube, and the cloud explodes inside. ELEONORA What's it doing? PINOCCHIO I think...I think it's telling us how to end the curse. EXT. PLEASURE ISLAND - NIGHT The ferry slowly pulls up the dock. The ferry stops moving. EXT. FERRY DECK - SAME Toto and the other teenagers smile in excitement. TOTO Hi diddle dee-dee, it's Pleasure Isle for me! All the boys on the ferry cheer and jump up and down, including Toto's friends. EXT. PLEASURE ISLAND - SAME The front side of the ferry is lowered and a large set of doors open to reveal a vast and colorful amusement park. The front side stops going down, and instantly all the boys rush off the boat and run through the doors. Coachman stands by the doors and beckons all the boys to come inside. EXT. FERRY DECK - SAME A few more boys run off the deck of the ship towards the entrance. The deck is left empty and littered with confetti and candies. Suddenly, Pinocchio pokes his head out, and rotates his head once to see the entire area. PINOCCHIO All clear. Pinoke, the cube lifeless in his hands, and Eleonora quietly walk onto the deck and keep their bodies as low to the ground as possible. EXT. PLEASURE ISLAND - SAME Coachman smiles, looking around as the remaining boys pile through the door. Coachman looks at the ferry, sees nothing, then walks through the doors. EXT. LOWER FERRY DECK - SAME The two heroes quickly descend the staircase and land onto the lower deck of the empty ferry. They head towards the front when Eleonora freezes and grabs Pinoke's arm. ELEONORA Look! Coachman walks towards the amusement park. He cracks his whip and the doors start to slowly close. PINOCCHIO C'mon! The two friends run to the front of the ship and leap off onto EXT. PLEASURE ISLAND - SAME The doors are getting closer to each other. Pinoke and Eleonora run faster towards the doors. Finally, the door closes with a loud thud as our two heroes stand inches away, panting. Eleonora kicks a nearby rock. ELEONORA Damnit! That was the only way in! Pinocchio looks around and spots a large cave inside the rocks a few yards away. PINOCCHIO We can try that cave! C'mon! Pinocchio and Eleonora hurry towards the rocky shore. EXT. ROCKY SHORE - MOMENTS LATER The two heroes carefully walk along the slippery rocks under their feet with their bodies pressed against the rocky mountainside. Waves splash onto them as they make their way closer to the cave entrance. INT. CAVE - MOMENTS LATER Pinoke and Eleonora approach the entrance of the cave. It's pitch black inside. ELEONORA This looks like a dead end, Pinoke. PINOCCHIO Only one way to find out. Pinocchio walks into the cave. Eleonora swallows hard and follows him. The two heroes get deeper into the cave, their figures being swallowed by the dark till we can't see anything. PINOCCHIO (CONT'D) Now would be a really great time to have some light. Suddenly, many pairs of white lifeless eyes appear, dimly showing Pinocchio and Eleonora holding onto each other and gaping as more eyes appear around them. The shadow men roar as a figure steps up, holding a candlelit lamp ins his candy-cane hand. ROGER Welcome back to Pleasure Island, Pinocchio. I hope you ain't sore about our little scrap on Sunday night. But anyway, we're gonna have a lot of fun tonight. Roger grins his infamous grin. EXT. DOCK - NIGHT Lampwick and Jiminy sit side by side on the empty dock, staring at the island in the distance. JIMINY I don't like sitting here and not being able to help him. LAMPWICK (V.O.) You and me both. Listen, I'm sorry for calling ya a beetle. JIMINY That's okay Lamp - LAMPWICK (V.O.) I'm sorry for messing with ya in that pool hall too. If I'd known how much you mean to Pinoke, I wouldn't have been such a jerk. JIMINY Boys will be boys. Jiminy pats Lampy on the muzzle. Lampy smiles. In the distance, we hear thunder. The two guys look back at the island with concern. LAMPWICK (V.O.) I just hope he hasn't been caught or turned into a donkey. JIMINY You and me both. The storm cloud grows and hovers over the island. The thunder rumbles as we cut to INT. TOWER - SAME Pinocchio opens his eyes, disorientated. He's kneeling on the floor of the tower. He looks in front of him and sees a huge oil painting of the Coachman hanging on the wall. Pinocchio looks over his shoulder and sees a red curtain covering the other side of the room. COACHMAN (O.S.) Beautiful isn't it? Pinoke looks up and gapes as the Coachman walks over to the oil panting and feels it. COACHMAN (CONT'D) It perfectly captures my character, don't you agree? You can just sense that this bloke is not to be challenged or threatened by anyone. And yet, you dared to go against what's on this canvas. You dared to escape my island. And lastly, you dared to keep what rightfully belongs to me! Pinocchio looks at the cube in his hands. COACHMAN (CONT'D) I know that you didn't steal it from here, but you played a big part in putting my business at risk. Now, give me the cube. Coachman holds out his hand. Pinocchio stares angrily at him. COACHMAN (CONT'D) I said, give me the cube. Pinocchio stares at him. Coachman sighs. COACHMAN (CONT'D) Looks like you need a little persuasion. Coachman nods. Pinocchio turns around and sees Roger approaching the curtain. Roger grabs the curtain. ROGER Say hello to an old face. Roger pulls the entire curtain away, revealing Geppetto lying on his knees, his feet and hands in shackles. Pinocchio gasps as his father lifts his head up and his jaw drops. GEPPETTO Pinocchio?! PINOCCHIO Father! Pinoke jumps to his feet, when Coachman grabs him by his shoulder and pulls the boy back. COACHMAN (to Geppetto) I told you you'd see your son again. He's a little bit taller since I was saw him. Roger chuckles. Coachman grabs Pinocchio's head and rotates it so Pinoke's worried face is facing his devilish grin. COACHMAN (CONT'D) Now listen, boy. Either you hand over the cube...or your father will pay the price for your selfish actions. ELEONORA (O.S.) Just do what he says! Pinocchio turns his head to the right and sees Eleonora strapped to the same chair Clown was strapped to earlier. ELEONORA (CONT'D) Don't worry about me, save your father! COACHMAN Quiet you stealing bitch! Coachman snaps his fingers, and the straps of the chair get tighter. Eleonora screams in pain and cannot move. PINOCCHIO Please let her go! COACHMAN (to Roger) Ready the father, servant! Roger grabs Geppetto and turns him around so his back is facing Pinocchio. Roger rips the back of Geppetto's shirt so his bare back is exposed. Coachman shoves Pinoke over to Roger, who holds Pinoke around his neck with his left arm. Coachman picks up from his desk his infamous whip. He steps behind Geppetto. Eleonora shrieks in pain. ELEONORA You bastard! You evil bastard! Coachman raises the whip over his head. Geppetto shudders and shuts his eyes. PINOCCHIO YOU WIN! Coachman freezes and looks at the shaking boy. PINOCCHIO (CONT'D) Here. Pinocchio holds up the cube. Coachman grins, lowers the whip and snatches the cube out of Pinocchio's hands. Geppetto continues to shudder as he looks over his shoulder at his son. Pinocchio looks at Geppetto and lowers his head in shame. Coachman holds the cube in one hand over his head. COACHMAN My treasure...now we can get to work. Coachman lowers the cube and walks over to the open window. Coachman stares out into the park, grinning at all the boys engaging in their activities. COACHMAN (CONT'D) Millions, Roger. We're gonna make millions after tonight. Roger licks his lips with greed. Coachman looks at the cube. COACHMAN (CONT'D) Do yer job. The cube glows. The donkey figure appears in the middle. The light changes from violet to blood red. EXT. PLEASURE ISLAND - AMUSEMENT PARK - SAME Two boys, JOHN and PAUL, walk alongside each other. John is eating a turkey leg while his friend eats a pie in one hand and an ice cream cone in the other. Paul suddenly screams and falls to his keens, dropping his food. John stares at him with alarm. JOHN Paul? Paul what's the matter? PAUL My...hands... Paul's eyes widen with terror as his two hands morph into hooves. His feet morph into hooves simultaneously. JOHN What the hell is happening to- (braying) HEE-HAW! HEE-HAW! John's face morphs into a donkey head and a donkey tail bursts through his pants. EXT. PLEASURE ISLAND - DROP RIDE - SAME A Shadow Man pulls a lever and a drop ride full of boys slowly rises upwards. We hear boys screaming and braying. Some boys with donkey ears and donkey tails ruh past the ride. After a few moments, the Shadow Man jerks the lever back, and the drop ride quickly drops to the ground. All the boys on the ride are now braying donkeys in boys' clothing. EXT. PLEASURE ISLAND - TOBACCO ROW - SAME Many boys are smoking cigars next to large Indian statues that are throwing out cigars via animatronic hands. All the boys blow smoke into the air at once, obscuring the entire frame. We hear boys screaming and braying. The smoke clears and we see that all the boys are now donkeys. INT. POOL HALL - SAME Toto shoots his cue at the billiards on a billiard table, knocking them in many different directions. TOTO Ain't this the life, guys? Toto turns around and is shocked to see his three friends are now donkeys braying on the other side of the room. TOTO (CONT'D) What the...what's going on here? Toto looks into a large mirror directly across from him. He shrieks at the sight of two donkey ears protruding from his head. He falls to the floor, the cue rolling across the floor and stopping before the entrance of the pool hall. INT. TOWER - SAME Coachman stares out at the island, grinning at the sea of donkeys in boys' clothing, braying and being shoved towards the sides of the mountains by shadow men cracking whips. Pinocchio looks at the floor, ashamed. COACHMAN You've made me very happy, Pinocchio. Very happy. Coachman turns and puts his hand onto Roger's shoulder. COACHMAN (CONT'D) Now my faithful servant...do away with them all. Roger nods and shoves Pinocchio to the floor. Coachman sits on his desk and lights his pipe as Roger laughs and pulls out his pistol. ROGER Now let's see...how about I start with you, ya bloody old goat! Roger aims the pistol at Geppetto's head. Geppetto shudders and stares with petrified eyes as Roger chuckles. As Roger chuckles, Pinocchio looks up and anger washes over him. EXT. SCHOOL - DAY - FLASHBACK TOTO You really just gonna stay home all summer with old wood breath? DISSOLVE TO: INT. OFFICE - NIGHT - FLASHBACK HONEST JOHN Looks like we win again, you overgrown toothpick! DISSOLVE TO: INT. WAGON - DAY - FLASHBACK FROKKO Circus freaks don't sleep in beds. DISSOLVE TO: EXT. WAGON - NIGHT - FLASHBACK FARMER 3 You're coming with us! DISSOLVE TO: INT. COTTAGE - MORNING - FLASHBACK STROMBOLI My little wooden traitor! DISSOLVE TO: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT - FLASHBACK Pinocchio, in pajamas and human form, jerks in his sleep in bed with sweat soaking his forehead. SUPER: Coachman's laughing face against a background of braying donkeys. INT. TOWER - SAME Back in the present, Pinocchio clenches his teeth. Roger, now calm but grinning, holds his aim on Geppetto. Rests his finger on the trigger. Geppetto shudders. Eleonora shuts his eyes. Roger pulls the trigger - Pinocchio stands up and takes the bullet into the left side of his wooden chest, just in the nick of time. Geppetto gasps. Eleonora opens her eyes. Coachman looks over and drops his smoking pipe. ROGER But...you little- PINOCCHIO Keep practicing. Pinocchio quickly knocks Roger in the face with his own head. Roger yelps as Pinoke grabs the pistol and throws it out the window. Pinoke lowers his entire body and swings his legs under Roger, knocking Roger off his feet and crashing into a wine bottle container, spilling the Red Lobster Inn wine bottles onto the floor. A large key falls out of Roger's pocket as he falls onto his ass. Pinoke snatches the key up and rushes for Geppetto. COACHMAN NO! Pinoke bends down behind his father and sticks the key into the keyhole. COACHMAN (CONT'D) Get up and finish him, you idiot! Roger, on his hands and knees, shakes his head, and stares with hatred at Pinoke. He holds up a switchblade and the blade pops out. He yells with rage and runs towards Pinoke. Pinoke looks at Roger, then quickly spots a wine bottle by his foot. He kicks the bottle towards Roger. Roger's foot steps onto the bottle, and suddenly Roger trips over it and falls head first out of the window. Pinoke unlocks the shackles from his father's hands. PINOCCHIO Hold on, Father! Pinoke inserts the same key into the shackles on Geppetto's feet. Coachman stands and lifts his head towards the window. We see candy-cane fingers gripping the window ledge. EXT. TOWER - SAME Roger hangs onto the ledge with his one hand, looking up and gasping. ROGER Master! Help me! INT. TOWER - SAME COACHMAN You damn pile of sawdust! Coachman picks up his whip from off the desk. Geppetto's feet shackles are unlocked and fall to the floor. Pinoke pulls his father to his feet. ELEONORA Pinocchio, look out! Pinoke and Geppetto look at Coachman, who raises the whip over his head, and sends it down. Pinocchio, still holding onto his dad, shoves Geppetto and himself to the floor, the end of the whip missing them by half a second. EXT. TOWER - SAME The end of the whip strikes three of Roger's candy-cane fingers. The fingers break off, sending Roger falling forty feet, screaming. Roger's body disappears behind a large gaping skull made out of stone just as he's about to finish the drop. The screaming instantly stops. INT. TOWER - SAME Pinocchio, flat on the floor beside his father, charges at Coachman and knocks him against the desk. Coachman and the desk fly backwards and collapse onto the floor, the desk lying on top of Coachman's body. Pinocchio stares at Coachman, then runs over to the girl. PINOCCHIO Are you alright?! ELEONORA It's not tight anymore. Pinocchio loosens all the straps and pulls them off the chair. He grabs Eleonora's hand, runs over and grabs Geppetto's hand. PINOCCHIO Let's get out of here! The trio run to the front door and EXT. TOWER - STAIRCASE - SAME Burst through the front door and begin hurrying down a long, winding steel staircase. INT. TOWER - SAME Coachman opens his eyes and sees the front door wide open. Coachman bangs his fist onto the floor, then reaches over to a nearby lever sticking out of the floor. Coachman grabs it and jerks it backward. EXT. TOWER - STAIRCASE - SAME Suddenly, all the steps of the staircase go flat. Our trio of heroes continue down, until the steps beneath their feet go flat. The trio scream as they fall on their asses and slide down the winding staircase, heading right for the bottom forty feet below. EXT. DOCK - SAME Lighting bolts flash above the island, thunder rumbling loudly as Lampwick and Jiminy stare at the island. Jiminy looks up and points to the wishing star. JIMINY Look! The wishing star's right over us! LAMPWICK (V.O.) Huh? Lampwick looks up and stares at the mighty star with interest. JIMINY Maybe I can wish for my leg to heal! Jiminy closes his eyes, kneels down and holds his hands together. Lampy shuts his eyes, not opening them until suddenly- A blue light appears in front of them. Lampwick and Jiminy open their eyes and stare with wonder as a familiar figure steps out of the light, her crystal wand in her hand. BLUE FAIRY Sweet Lampwick. You have brought so much happiness and help to your best friend Pinocchio. You deserve to have your wish come true. LAMPWICK (V.O.) I do? JIMINY He does? But what about my leg? BLUE FAIRY There are more pressing matters at hand besides your mild injury, Mr. Cricket. (to Lampwick) Use your wish wisely, Lampwick. LAMPWICK (V.O.) Yes ma'am! Thank you so much! Blue Fairy waves her wand, and slowly disappears, along with the blue light. Lampwick stares right ahead and his jaw drops. LAMPWICK (V.O.) (CONT'D) Well I'll be... Jiminy looks ahead and has the same reaction. He shakes his head in disbelief. JIMINY She really never ceases to - Lampwick picks Jiminy up by the back of his coat with his teeth. LAMPWICK (V.O.) C'mon Jimbo! Lampwick runs towards the edge of the dock as we smash cut to EXT. PLEASURE ISLAND - AMUSEMENT PARK - MOMENTS LATER Pinoke, Eleonora, and Geppetto slide down, eventually reaching the end of the staircase. They three of them roll across the ground, sending some donkey boys backing away. The trio stop rolling. Pinocchio raises his head up and gasps. A shadow man carrying a whip stands over the trio, growling. Eleonora and Geppetto gaze at the creature. Eleonora frowns. ELEONORA Put me in a magic chair will ya?! Eleonora charges for the Shadow Man. PINOCCHIO ELEONORA! Eleonora punches the creature across the face. She holds her hand and grimaces in pain. The creature faces Eleonora, roars, and strikes the girl across the face with his free hand. The girl collapses to the floorboards, unconscious. Pinocchio stares at her body in horror. PINOCCHIO (CONT'D) No! The creature growls as it raises its whip over its head- COACHMAN FREEZE! Shadow Man freezes and looks to its right. Coachman stands many feet away from the trio, donkey boys on either side of him looking on with fright. Coachman is holding a long black cane in his left hand and the cube in his left hand. COACHMAN (CONT'D) Leave him to me. Shadow Man nods and backs away from Pinocchio and Geppetto, standing next to a small crowd of other shadow men. Pinocchio look at Coachman with frightened eyes. COACHMAN (CONT'D) I am very impressed with your skills and courage, Pinocchio. COACHMAN (CONT'D) You may not be human, but you've learned to survive like one. However, the fact remains that you've caused me enough trouble and this rebellion you've initiated to stop me must come to an abrupt end. Like I told your dad, I always get what I want. And now...I want you to die. Coachman sets the cube onto the ground beside him, then grabs the top of his cane with his free hand, and slowly removes from the cane a large silver blade. Coachman holds the sword up and drops the cane body. Thunder rumbles overhead and rain starts pouring onto the island. Pinocchio stares at the blade, and then at the lifeless cube on the ground. INT. BELOW DECK - NIGHT - FLASHBACK The shape holds a large silver sword over its head, then swings it down onto a cube, and the cloud explodes inside. EXT. PLEASURE ISLAND - AMUSEMENT PARK - SAME Back in the present, Pinocchio's eyes widen. PINOCCHIO I know your weakness, Coachman! I will end this curse, save these poor kids, and send you back to whatever hellhole you crawled out of! COACHMAN Only one problem, my brave Marionette. Coachman steps over to a tall wooden facade painted to look like a smiling acrobat. Coachman swings his blade right through the wood as if it were butter. The upper part of the facade falls backwards and onto the ground. Pinocchio stares with horror at the remains of the facade, then at the grinning Coachman. COACHMAN (CONT'D) Where's your weapon? Coachman smiles, then charges straight for Pinocchio, his sword pointed outward as he screams. Pinocchio stands there with panic-stricken eyes as the Coachman gets closer and closer. GEPPETTO Run, my son, run! Donkey boys turn their heads away, or fold their ears over their eyes. Coachman swings his sword, and just before he swings it towards Pinocchio's chest - EXT. PLEASURE ISLAND - SKY - SAME The wishing star hovers above the storm cloud. A huge bolt of blue lightning shoots out of the star and into the island- EXT. PLEASURE ISLAND - AMUSEMENT PARK - SAME Pinocchio falls to one knee, turns his head away and holds up his hands, the Coachman's blade ready to strike - The blue bolt strikes Pinocchio, creating a blinding flash. The flash disappears quickly... And reveals the Coachman standing over Pinocchio, his sword being blocked by a glittering blue sword in Pinocchio's hand. Coachman gasps in surprise. Pinocchio looks up, gasps at the sword, then grins at Coachman. PINOCCHIO I've got it right here! COACHMAN DAMN YOU BOY! Coachman raises sword. Pinocchio rolls away and stands up, his sword held high. The Coachman and Pinocchio circle each other twice- Coachman charges, but Pinoke blocks the blade with his sword. They begin fighting, Coachman forcing Pinoke to back away father from Geppetto, who sits beside Eleonora, holding her head in his lap. As Geppetto watches the swordfight - GEPPETTO Oh dear! Where's help when you need it most?! EXT. AZULA DECK - SAME LAMPWICK (V.O.) Full speed ahead! Lampwick stands on the deck of a large warship, named the Azula, with many soldiers scurrying on deck and dealing with the sails. The entire ship is blue and glowing as it swiftly speeds through the open ocean towards the island. All the soldiers are blue, as well, including their eyes and skin. Lampwick turns his head to look at Jiminy, who sits on his back. LAMPWICK (V.O.) (CONT'D) Isn't this the greatest wish ever to come true?! JIMINY You've surprised me, Lampwick! Good going! LAMPWICK (V.O.) Thanks little guy! (looks out to sea) Now let's go get our friends. EXT. OPEN OCEAN - SAME The Azula speeds by the Intruder rock from earlier, its bloody message still there. EXT. PLEASURE ISLAND - ROUGH HOUSE ENTRANCE - SAME Many donkeys in boys' clothing back away as Coachman and Pinoke continue dueling. They step through the entrance of EXT. PLEASURE ISLAND - ROUGH HOUSE - SAME Where they step over several clubs, bats, mullets, and other items boys used to hurt each other. Pinoke trips over a club and lands onto his back in the mud. Coachman raises sword, and Pinoke does a quick back flip and gets back on his feet. Coachman's blade slices the club in two. Mud flies onto his face. Coachman wipes it off and grunts. COACHMAN Since when have you become so athletic? PINOCCHIO I was wondering the same thing. Only about you. Pinoke blocks Coachman's blade and ducks his head. Coachman slides the wooden fence. Pinoke rolls over and jumps to his feet behind Coachman. PINOCCHIO (CONT'D) Guys your age shouldn't be this energetic. COACHMAN It's amazing what the cube can do to its commander after a few years. PINOCCHIO Well, enjoy it while it lasts cause that cube's gonna be history. COACHMAN You first. Coachman attacks. Pinocchio and Coachman resume fighting. Coachman swings his blade. Pinoke ducks. Coachman uses his right leg to kick Pinoke in the gut, sending him crashing out into EXT. PLEASURE ISLAND - CANDY STREET - SAME Through the wooden fence. Pinoke lands onto his back before a crowd of scared donkey boys. Coachman runs for Pinoke. Pinoke jumps into the air, lands onto Coachman's shoulders, and does a back flip into the air and lands on top of a candy-cane column. Coachman turns around and looks up at the boy. PINOCCHIO We don't have to do this. Just give up and let all these boys go home. COACHMAN They're no longer boys, you fool! They never come back as- Coachman suddenly falls forward and collapses into the mud. Pinoke looks up and sees Toto, now a donkey in his clothes, lower his back legs as if he's just kicked Coachman from behind and turn to face Coachman. Coachman looks up at Toto, angry. COACHMAN (CONT'D) You sneaky jackass! I'll skin ya! Coachman rises to his feet and is suddenly kicked in the butt by Pinocchio. Coachman collapses into the mud again. PINOCCHIO Leave him out of this! Coachman rises to his feet, sword in hand. COACHMAN Suit yourself. Coachman and Pinoke resume fighting. Toto and his three pals, also donkeys in their clothes, watch the scene. EXT. AZULA DECK - SAME The Azula gets closer to the island. LAMPWICK (V.O.) We're almost there! JIMINY I just hope we're not too late to save Pinoke. LAMPWICK (V.O.) Don't sweat it. Nothing can stop this ship! Jiminy looks to his right, smiling. JIMINY The moon looks so beautiful on the water. Lampy looks over, and his eyes widen with terror. LAMPWICK (V.O.) Since when does the moon swim?! JIMINY Swim? Jiminy looks out to sea. A giant pair of glowing yellow eyes are under the water, speeding right for the ship. JIMINY (CONT'D) That's no moon. That looks like a- BLUE SAILOR (O.S.) SEA MONSTER OFF THE STARBOARD SIDE! A BLUE SAILOR points at the approaching creature from the crow's nest. BLUE SAILOR (CONT'D) SHE'S HEADING RIGHT FOR US, CAPTAIN! ORDERS, SIR! LAMPWICK (V.O.) LOAD THE CANNONS! Lampwick races across the deck as the blue soldiers begin loading the cannons frantically. JIMINY We won't make it in time! LAMPWICK (V.O.) We have to make it! JIMINY Do you see how fast that thing's moving?! LAMPWICK (V.O.) Don't panic! If anyone's gonna panic on this boat, it's gonna be me! JIMINY Say what?! Lampwick climbs up the stairs and onto the helm. EXT. OPEN OCEAN - SAME The creature continues forward, its yellow eyes now peeking out of the water, along with a shark-like tail at its rear. EXT. PLEASURE ISLAND - FUNHOUSE - SAME Pinocchio's foot stomps into a puddle, the rain pouring harder. Pinocchio looks around, then runs into a nearby funhouse through the monster mouth entrance. INT. FUNHOUSE - MOMENTS LATER Pinocchio holds his sword out as he cautiously walks through a dark hallway with green and purple skeletons hanging on the walls. PINOCCHIO You give up now? (no response) Come out and I'll stop! Not a sound is heard. Suddenly a fat animatronic devil jumps up from a fake volcano. Pinoke jumps and slices the devil's horns off with his sword. The devil laughs as Pinoke composes himself and moves forward. INT. FUNHOUSE - HALL OF MIRRORS - MOMENTS LATER Pinoke steps into a hall of mirrors. He looks around at his distorted reflections in all the mirrors, sword out and ready. Pinocchio backs up against a crooked mirror, sweating and breathing heavily. Suddenly, Coachman's silver blade pokes out of the mirror, right next to Pinoke's head. Pinoke gasps and jumps back. The crooked mirror collapses to the floor, smashing into a million pieces. Coachman appears behind it. Coachman charges. Pinoke jumps away as Coachman's blade smashes the mirror. Coachman swings left and right at Pinoke, smashing all the mirrors as Pinoke backs away. Coachman swings one more time, smashing the last mirror and yelping in pain as glass flies into his face. Pinocchio runs out of the hall. Coachman raises his head, half of his face bleeding, and angrily screams as he runs after the boy. EXT. PLEASURE ISLAND - AMUSEMENT PARK - SAME Rain falls onto Eleonora's face. Her eyes flutter open and she groans, feeling her head. ELEONORA Pinocchio? Geppetto, still holding onto the girl, shoots a surprised look at her. GEPPETTO You're awake! Thank goodness! ELEONORA Where's Pinocchio? GEPPETTO He's here. On the island. It's going to be alright. Geppetto hears Coachman yell and swords clang against each other in the distance. Geppetto looks up, afraid. GEPPETTO (CONT'D) My boy...KILL THAT MANIAC! All the nearby donkey boys lift their heads up and bray in unison. The shadow men look at each other with worried expressions. EXT. AZULA DECK - SAME The sea creature continues approaching the moving ship. Blue soldiers stand beside several blue cannons. Lampwick stands at the helm, Jiminy standing on top of his head. JIMINY It's coming closer! LAMPWICK (V.O.) Ready! Aim! The creature moves closer to the ship. Lampwick frowns and brays. LAMPWICK (V.O.) (CONT'D) FIRE! EXT. AZULA - SAME All the cannons fire, sending blue cannon balls at the monster. The first cannon hits the monster's head- Then erupts into black confetti that blows away into the air. More cannons hit the creature and the same results occur. The monster keeps moving as if nothing had happened. EXT. AZULA DECK - SAME Lampwick and Jiminy stare in utter surprise. LAMPWICK (V.O.) That...that can't be happening! JIMINY It's as if nothing touched him! BLUE SOLDIER Orders, sir?! LAMPWICK (V.O.) Uh...reload and fire again! The soldiers quickly reload the cannons. The creature keeps getting nearer. The soldiers step beside the cannons. BLUE SOLDIER Ready Captain! LAMPWICK (V.O.) FIRE! EXT. AZULA - SAME The cannons go off, the blue cannon balls heading right for the monster- The same thing happens and the creature continues its charge. EXT. AZULA DECK - SAME JIMINY The cannons aren't working! HELM BLUE SAILOR at the wheel shakes his head. HELM BLUE SAILOR They don't even slow him down not even a bit! BLUE SOLDIER Alternative orders, sir?! The blue soldiers all yell similar questions in unison. Lampy stares at them with terrified eyes and finally screams to the sky, sending Jiminy onto the floor where he lands on his bad leg and screams in pain. EXT. PLEASURE ISLAND - POOL HALL - SAME Lighting flashes as Coachman and Pinocchio furiously duel with each other. Coachman swings his blade low, slicing the very tip of Pinocchio's lower leg. Pinoke looks at his wounded leg. Coachman grins and charges. Pinoke blocks the blade and the two struggle to break their swords free of each other. They stare into each other's eyes with hatred. COACHMAN Face it! No man can take me down on my own island! PINOCCHIO I'm not a man... Pinocchio lifts his wounded leg up and quickly spins his lower leg around, kicking Coachman in the chin. Coachman yelps as Pinoke pulls away and rushes behind Coachman. Coachman turns to face his opponent. PINOCCHIO (CONT'D) I'm a puppet! Pinoke charges at Coachman. They duel, Pinocchio backing Coachman through the swinging doors of the pool hall and into INT. POOL HALL - SAME Coachman steps over the fallen cue. Pinocchio steps in, his muddy foot steps on the cue, and Pinoke falls forward and lands against the billiard table. COACHMAN HA! Coachman swings. Pinoke shoves away from the table and against the wall. The blue sword falls from his grasp and lands under the billiard table. Coachman's blade slices one of the thick table legs in two, causing the entire table to collapse at an angle. Coachman stands before Pinocchio. Pinocchio looks at his hands and gasps at the sight of no sword in either hand. Pinoke looks at Coachman's feet and sees many billiards sliding off the table and landing behind his feet. COACHMAN (CONT'D) This ends now! Coachman jerks sword forward- Pinoke gasps and his eyes widen as the silver blade is jammed through his stomach. Coachman grins and begins to chuckle. Pinoke looks down at the blade, seeing the two bullets stuck in his chest. He then looks at Coachman's feet and sees many billiards sliding off the table and landing behind his feet. Pinoke looks at Coachman, then casually walks forward, the blade getting deeper into his stomach and eventually poking out of the other side, spewing sawdust out of the wound. Coachman stops laughing as the puppet gets right into his face. PINOCCHIO Puppet? Pinoke knees Coachman in the groin. Coachman yells and bends forward, stepping backward and onto one of the billiards. Coachman loses his balance and steps on another one, which rolls away. Coachman hurries backwards to avoid falling, letting go of his sword. Coachman steps on more billiards with one foot, then steps more billiards with his other foot. Coachman tries to keep his balance, his legs pulled apart and his arms flailing. The billiards carry Coachman a few inches back- Then Coachman's foot slips and he falls onto the floor. The impact of the fall sends the billiards rolling across the floor in several different directions. The white billiard rolls past a fallen slingshot next to a small box that reads on the top \"MR. C'S FIRECRACKERS\". EXT. PLEASURE ISLAND - AMUSEMENT PARK - SAME Eleonora stands beside Geppetto. ELEONORA PINOCCHIO?! ARE YOU ALRIGHT?! INT. POOL HALL - SAME Pinoke lifts his head up. PINOCCHIO (V.O.) Eleonora? Pinoke stares at the silver blade in his chest. PINOCCHIO (V.O.) (CONT'D) The sword. Pinochio grabs the sword handle, and with all his might jerks the blade out of his chest. Sawdust spews out of the wound and blows into the air as Pinocchio holds up the sword. PINOCCHIO (V.O.) (CONT'D) The curse. Pinocchio turns and runs out of the pool hall as the rain continues its downpour outside. Coachman rises to his feet and turns his head both ways, unable to see due to the fact that his head is stuck inside a spittoon. COACHMAN (muffled) SHADOWS! EXT. AZULA DECK - SAME The creature is now ten feet twenty feet away from the Azula. The soldiers and sailors stand there and hold each other's hands, scared shitless. EXT. AZULA HELM - SAME Lampwick and Jiminy, who stands beside him, stare at the incoming beast with hopelessness. JIMINY Well, Lampwick...this is how it all ends. LAMPWICK (V.O.) I am so sorry I couldn't save Geppetto. I am so sorry that I failed Pinocchio and all those kids. JIMINY I am so sorry I failed you, Miss Fairy. I really was too old to be travelling. HELM BLUE SAILOR Last minute orders, sir? Lampwick shuts his eyes. LAMPWICK (V.O.) Goodbye, Momma. EXT. PLEASURE ISLAND - AMUSEMENT PARK - SAME Toto is among the donkey boys. Toto's ears perk up and he begins to bray. TOTO (V.O.) HE'S COMING! HE'S ALIVE! The donkey boys bray in unison. Eleonora and Geppetto look ahead, anxious. Pinocchio runs out of Tobacco Row's gates and runs for the cube, the silver blade in his hand. GEPPETTO PINOCCHIO! ELEONORA YES! YES! YOU CAN DO IT! YOU CAN BREAK THAT CUBE! Shadow Men beside Geppetto and Eleonora stare in surprise. ROGER (O.S.) Shadows... Shadow men turn behind them and stare at Roger's candy-cane hand weakly pointing towards Pinocchio from behind the wheel of a candy wagon. ROGER (O.S.) (CONT'D) Kill the puppet...for good old Roger. Roger's hand collapses into a mud puddle as we hear Roger gasp his very last breath. EXT. AZULA DECK - SAME The creature speeds forward. Everyone on deck is silent and still. Not a single eye is open. Everyone's heads are dripping with sweat and their eyelids soaking with tears. The creature slows down and disappears under the ship. Lighting bolts light up the sky several feet away from the ship above the island. EXT. PLEASURE ISLAND - AMUSEMENT PARK SLOW-MO: Pinocchio runs for the cube, which starts to glow blood red light again, the donkey figure appearing in the center. The shadow men roar in unison and fly up into the air and race towards Pinocchio. Geppetto and Eleonora stare at the monsters, their jaw dropped. Pinocchio is five feet away from the cube now. The shadow men are getting closer to them. Pinocchio stops running, jumps forward, lifting the sword over his head. EXT. AZULA DECK - SAME SLOW-MO: The sea creature erupts from out of the water directly in front of the bow of the ship. Its large shadow covers the entire crew, who remain still and keep their eyes shut tightly. The sea flows down the creature's head, which we can now see resembles that of a crocodile: scaly skin, razor sharp teeth, and two bulging eyeballs as yellow and bright as the sun. The sea creature stares down the ship, roars, and opens its jaws wide- EXT. PLEASURE ISLAND - AMUSEMENT PARK - SAME SLOW-MO: Pinocchio's body reaches the floor. The silver blade gets closer to the top of the glowing cube. The shadow men open their jaws in unison, almost right in front of Pinocchio's face. The blade comes down and cracks through the crystal cube, sending shards of it flying in different directions. The blade cuts through the donkey figure and stops. BACK TO REGULAR FRAME RATE: The shadow men all freeze in mid- air, their jaws open wide and their eyes open wide. Donkey boys stare in horror at the shadow men. As do Geppetto and Eleonora. Pinocchio slowly lifts his face up and sees the blade inside the cube. The donkey figure fades away and the cube stops glowing. Suddenly, a small gust of wind blows behind Pinocchio. The cube turns to dust and is blown away up into the storm cloud, along with the frozen shadow men. Pinocchio and everyone stare in awe at the storm cloud. Suddenly, a transparent violet face appears in the cloud. It's a DONKEY FACE that glares down at Pinocchio. DONKEY FACE Thank you. The donkey face fades away. The rain suddenly stops altogether. Everyone looks around as the storm cloud parts away, revealing the clear night sky and a beautiful full moon. EXT. AZULA DECK - SAME Lampwick slowly opens his eyes and gasps at the sight of the monster. The monster is frozen, then groans and its eyes slowly close. Then slowly, its long scaly body falls away from the ship towards the water. EXT. OPEN OCEAN - SAME The creature's body continues to fall, until the head smashes on top of the Intruder rock. The entire body collapses into the ocean, causing large waves to splash into the air. The waves clear, and we see the creature's body sink below the surface, taking the Intruder rock with it. EXT. AZULA DECK - SAME Lampy stares at the sight in disbelief. Jiminy slowly opens his eyes and stares at the scene the same way. The entire crew open their eyes and have the same reaction as the tail fin sinks below, the creature never to rise again. JIMINY What just happened? Lampwick looks towards the island and smiles. LAMPWICK (V.O.) That's my buddy. EXT. PLEASURE ISLAND - AMUSEMENT PARK - SAME A loud rumbling is heard. The donkey boys look up and see the drop ride from earlier shaking. The donkey boys bray and run the opposite way towards the far side of the mountain. The drop ride falls over and crashes into the mud. Suddenly several rides on the island do the same thing. EXT. PLEASURE ISLAND- CANDY STREET - SAME All the surrounding buildings and attractions collapse onto themselves, including all candy-cane columns and street lamps. EXT. PLEASURE ISLAND - ROUGH HOUSE - SAME The tall tough-looking animatronic figure that stood above the entrance to the rough house falls forward and crumbles into pieces on the ground as the wooden fence surrounding the joint collapses. EXT. PLEASURE ISLAND - AMUSEMENT PARK - SAME Pinocchio stares at the dust being kicked up in the air from all the destruction. He hears another building start to crumble and looks ahead to see EXT. PLEASURE ISLAND - POOL HALL - SAME The billiard-shaped pool hall crumbles away and collapses onto itself, sending more dust into the air. Pinocchio, Geppetto and Eleonora turn their heads away and cover their mouths and shut their eyes as a huge dust cloud washes over them, obscuring the entire frame for several seconds. EXT. AZULA DECK - SAME The entire crew cheer and jump around on deck in celebration. Jiminy dances around at the helm. JIMINY Hoo-hoo! We're alive! We didn't get gobbled up! And you did a fantastic job, Captain Lamp- Jiminy gazes up at Lampwick and his jaw drops. LAMPWICK (O.S.) Thanks a bunch, Jiminy. Lampwick stands with his hand on the wheel, dressed in a blue captain uniform and hat. He has red hair, buck teeth, and grins over at the nearby island. LAMPWICK (CONT'D) But there's only one true hero among us! Ha ha ha! EXT. PLEASURE ISLAND - AMUSEMENT PARK - SAME The dust cloud disappears. Pinoke and his two friends look up and their jaws drop. GEPPETTO Look, Pinocchio. The dust clouds all disappear...and reveal hundreds of boys standing there and looking at themselves and at each other with surprise. They're all human again! ELEONORA THE CURSE IS LIFTED! The boys cheer in unison. John and Paul hug each other. Toto and his three friends hug each other and jump around. Pinocchio smiles at the cheering sea of boys. Eleonora turns his face towards hers. She smiles. Pinoke smiles back. The two kids close their eyes and lean their lips towards each others- The front doors behind them swing open. Pinoke, Eleonora and everyone else go silent and look at the doors with surprise. Lampwick stands before his army of blue soldiers, a blue cutlass in his hand. Jiminy sits on his shoulder. LAMPWICK Alright, you guys...who wants to go home to their families?! The boys cheer and jump up and down. Pinocchio and Eleonora laugh as Lampwick holds up his sword and smiles at his best friend. Jiminy waves at Pinoke, who waves back. GEPPETTO (O.S.) Pinocchio? Pinocchio turns and sees Geppetto standing behind him, shaking and gently weeping. PINOCCHIO Father? What you crying for? GEPPETTO Because...you risked your life to save mine. Even after those things I said... Pinocchio takes his father's hand and gently pats it. PINOCCHIO It's alright, Father. I know where you were coming from. I realize what you want me to do. But I also realize that I'll always have a place to call home. Geppetto breaks down sobbing. GEPPETTO You course you always will! I love you so much, son! PINOCCHIO I love you so much too, Father! Father and son embrace each other, tears rolling down their faces. Eleonora stares at the two with a smile and teary eyes. Lampwick and Jiminy stare at the two, moved. Toto and all the other boys stare moved, too. TOTO (to himself) He's a true hero. Father and son let each other go. Geppetto smiles at his son. Pinoke smiles back, then walks past Geppetto and looks out to the crowd. PINOCCHIO Boys, the curse of Pleasure Island may be over, but changes have gotta be made starting right now! You boys...every single one of you...must stop your bad behavior and start being good, responsible people! If you do that, I promise you that you won't make jackasses out of yourselves...and you'll never have to be taken advantage of- Pinoke stops as something catches his eye. Standing on top of the giant stone skull, a slingshot in his hand with a lit firecracker pulled back in the sling, is Coachman! Pinocchio gasps at the sight of the burning firecracker. Coachman fires, the firecracker speeding right for Pinoke. As soon as it hits Pinoke's chest, the firecracker explodes and flames erupt all over Pinochio's body. Pinocchio screams and falls onto his back on some floorboards. ELEONORA/GEPPETTO PINOCCHIO! LAMPWICK/JIMINY NO! Pinochio wriggles on the floorboards. Donkey boys look up at Coachman, who cackles. COACHMAN I WIN! Coachman continues to laugh. His left foot stands on a slippery part of the skull. Coachman jerks his fist into the air. Suddenly he loses his balance and falls off the top of the skull and into the muddy ground on his hip. His teeth fall out of his mouth and land in the mud. False teeth. COACHMAN (CONT'D) OHHH! MY HIP! Toto and many other boys approach Coachman, who tries to rise up and cannot do it. COACHMAN (CONT'D) I feel weak...my power! TOTO Let's get him! Toto and his army charge forward and descend upon Coachman, who screams as the boys being punching him and throwing mud on him. Lampwick runs over to his burning friend. ELEONORA HOLD ON PINOCCHIO! LAMPWICK WE'LL PUT IT OUT! Eleonora and Lampwick rush over to a nearby poster that reads \"WELCOME\" and rip it off the soaking wet pole and run back to Pinocchio. GEPPETTO My son! Hold on my son! JIMINY Throw it on him! Eleonora and Lampwick throw the wet poster onto Pinoke's body, then being patting sections of the poster down, trying to put the flames out. Pinoke's eyes slowly begin to close. GEPPETTO Hold on, Pinocchio! My son! My son... Pinoke's eyes close and all sounds fade away. FADE TO BLACK. GEPPETTO (V.O.) (CONT'D) My son... Several moments of darkness pas by until - FADE IN: EXT. CLOUDS - NIGHT We are hovering above a large white cloud, overlooking all of Italy which sparkles with lights against a dark blue ocean. Pinocchio, wearing a white robe, all his scars gone, along with the flames, peeks over the edge of the cloud, gazing with wonder at the land below. BLUE FAIRY (O.S.) I have been overlooking this same land for eighteen-thousand years... Blue Fairy steps behind Pinochio, smiling. BLUE FAIRY (CONT'D) And I still find it so beautiful. What do you think? PINOCCHIO I see a world that's waiting for me to see it. To travel it. To enjoy it. Pinocchio looks sad and shuts his eyes. PINOCCHIO (CONT'D) But I can't now. My time has run out. BLUE FAIRY Not necessarily. Pinocchio's eyes lighten up. He rises to his feet and looks at the Blue Fairy. PINOCCHIO You mean...I can go back? BLUE FAIRY You are not like others on that Earth, Pinocchio. You were born of magic, and as long as I am around...you will be too. (beat) I didn't turn you back into wood because you made a wish. I did it to save your life, and I did it so you could save the bond that you and your father share. Fear of the unknown had become so solid in your mind, that you couldn't break it apart and see the opportunities that life has to offer for everyone. Human or not. I wanted to help you overcome the memories of your childhood adventures, and help you preserve the love that you feel for Geppetto, and the love, that he feels for you. Blue Fair lifts her wand. BLUE FAIRY (CONT'D) Are you ready to begin living your life, Mr. Collodi? Pinocchio smiles at Blue Fairy. EXT. OPEN OCEAN - DAWN The Azula slowly glides through the sea, the sun rising over the horizon and the island miles away in the distance. EXT. AZULA DECK - SAME The deck is full of boys and soldiers, all standing and silent and looking sadly at each other and at the ocean. Toto and his three pals stand beside each other in sadness. Blue soldier looks out at sea with tears in his eyes. Blue Sailor sits in the crows nest looking sad. EXT. AZULA HELM - SAME Lampwick stands at the helm with a vacant expression. Jiminy sits on the helm with his head in his hands. Eleonora sits on a bench and sobs her eyes out. Geppetto sits next to her and has his hand on her shoulder, looking vacantly at the rising sun. EXT. AZULA DECK - SAME The cabin door slowly opens, and a familiar figure, his clothes mud-free and clean, walks onto the deck. Toto and his pals look up and their jaws drop. Every boy looks up and has the same reaction. Blue Soldier and his fellow soldiers have the same reaction. EXT. AZULA HELM - SAME Jiminy raises his head up and his eyes widen at something below him. Lampwick looks down, back up, then looks back down in surprise. Geppetto looks up at Lampwick. GEPPETTO What is it? Lampwick points to the deck. Geppetto stands up, look over and his jaw drops. Eleonora joins his side, and she has the same reaction. Jiminy jumps off the helm and lands onto the floor of EXT. AZULA DECK - SAME And looks up at the figure in disbelief. JIMINY Are you real? Pinocchio smiles back, now in his human form. PINOCCHIO Not only am I real...I'm a real boy again. Jiminy smiles, runs over and hugs Pinoke's leg, tears rolling down his cheeks. TOTO I can't believe...but there he is! EXT. AZULA HELM - SAME GEPPETTO Pinocchio... ELEONORA My love... LAMPWICK Soldiers! Full speed ahead! We don't have all day to get these kids home! EXT. AZULA DECK - SAME Everyone on deck cheers. Blue soldiers and sailors throw their hats into the air. Many boys run up to Pinoke and hug him, shake his hands, and give him plenty of \"Thank You\"s. JIMINY (O.S.) Hey! Watch who you're stepping on! I'm a cricket not a tarantula! EXT. OPEN OCEAN - SAME The Azula speeds ahead, the shore miles ahead of them. The sun is now above the horizon. Suddenly, a wanted poster for Pinocchio flies by. Then another one. Then more. Then next thing we know, hundreds and hundreds of wanted posters blow off into the sky in a snake- like path. PINOCCHIO (V.O.) So what happened to the Coachman? ELEONORA (V.O.) Don't worry. Me and my old friends took good care of him! EXT. PLEASURE ISLAND - AMUSEMENT PARK - SAME Several performers and employees walk past the ruins of the park and approach the ferry, carrying boxes and bags and setting them aboard. A pair of SIAMESE TWINS walk by carrying their bags when the bag falls from their hands onto the ground. TWIN 1 Really now? TWIN 2 I'll get it. Twin 2 grabs the bag, and we see that her hand accidentally grips onto a large door knocker. She lifts the bag up, and accidentally opens up a trap door. TWIN 2 (CONT'D) Well look at that! TWIN 1 Miss Lorenzini told us to never open this up! Look! Twin 2 looks down into INT. CELLAR - SAME Where Coachman looks up at her from inside a small cage, his feet and hands tied behind his back via shackles, wearing a tight pink ballerina tutu, and his false teeth missing from his mouth. COACHMAN Lemme out of here! I'll starve to death if you keep me here! Lemme go! TWIN 2 I can't understand a word he's saying. TWIN 1 Who cares what he's saying? KNIFETHROWER (O.S.) Excuse me, girls. EXT. PLEASURE ISLAND - AMUSEMENT PARK - SAME A handsome KNIFETHROWER steps up and shuts the trap door. KNIFETHROWER It ain't safe to be near a wild animal. TWIN 1 Let's go! The two twins walk towards the ferry, Twin 2 smiling at Knifethrower. Knifethrower watches them go with a smile, then he bends down and uses a small key to lock the trap door. He pulls the key out and steps back as two employees toss a large rug on top of the trap door. Knifethrower pulls out a knife. KNIFETHROWER SO LONG YA DEVIL! Knifethrower throws the knife into the trap door. It lands and sticks out of the rug. Knifethrower and his two pals walk away, laughing. COACHMAN (V.O.) Lemme me out of here! Lemme out of this cage! I WANT TO GO HOME TO MY MUMMY! EXT. STREET - DAY Pinocchio, Lampwick, Jiminy, Geppetto, and Eleonora walk down a village street. Lampwick remains in his captain uniform and looks a bit nervous. GEPPETTO Now that all the others have been returned to their homes, our next step is Lampwick's house. PINOCCHIO I can't wait to see the look on your mother's face! She'll be so thrilled! LAMPWICK But what if she doesn't remember me? You said yourself that families will instantly forget about- PINOCCHIO Only when they're donkeys, Lampy. You're not a donkey anymore. You're a man. JIMINY And a very official-looking one, too! Lampwick stops and stares nervously at a small house in front of them with a small garden in the front. LAMPWICK Well...this is it. ELEONORA Go inside, Lampwick. Lampy remains motionless. Pinocchio gently touches his best friend's shoulder and turns him around so he's facing him. PINOCCHIO I promise you that she'll remember. I promise. Lampy fights back tears, then gives his best friend a big bear hug. LAMPWICK I love ya, Pinocchio. PINOCCHIO Me too, Lampwick. The two friends separate. Lampwick wipes his eyes and smiles at Eleonora and Geppetto. LAMPWICK See you later. (to Jiminy) Take care of yourself, first mate Cricket. JIMINY Will do. Captain Lampwick. Jiminy salutes Lampwick. Lampwick salutes him back, then turns to the house, sighs, and approaches the front door. INT. LAMPWICK'S HOUSE - SAME An empty, clean living room. There are framed pictures on the mantelpiece and walls, but there's nothing inside the frames beside blank white canvases. There's a knocking at the door. A middle-aged woman, MOMMA, approaches the door and answers it. LAMPWICK Momma? It's me, Lampwick. Don't ya remember me? Momma stares carefully at her son, then tears swell up in her eyes and she shakes her head. MOMMA Where have you been all this time? Momma embraces her son, sobbing. Lampwick pats her head and kisses her on the cheek. LAMPWICK I'm home, Momma. I'm finally home. Behind them, all the photographs are now full of pictures of Lampwick at various ages. Pinocchio smiles from behind his best friend. As does Eleonora, who we can see is holding hands with Pinocchio. INT. BARN - DAY The barn door is pulled open and Barty steps in. Barty looks up and drops his water bucket with alarm. BARTY Who are you? Where's my donkey? A thin BOY turns around, covering himself in a blanket. BARTY (CONT'D) What's your name kid? BOY Alexander. Suddenly, a chomping sound is heard and Barty screams in pain. He turns around and we see his black Labrador behind him, his jaws clamped onto Barty's ass. BARTY Let me go! Let me go! Darling, get this mutt off me! Ow! Ow! Ow! The boy smiles and rushes past Barty and out of the barn. Barty continues to scream in pain. EXT. BANK - DAY Pinocchio and his three pals walk down the street. Eleonora points to her right. ELEONORA Hey look! Bank robbers. Pinoke and the others look and see several armed policemen escorting five figures in chains from out of a bank into the back of a police wagon. Pinoke looks at the asses of the five robbers, who are wearing all black and have their faces hidden by black hoods. The first robber has the tail of a dalmatian. The second one has the tail of a weasel. The third one the tail of a alligator. The fourth one the heavily bandaged tail of a cat. The fifth one has no tail, but two red fox ears poking out of the hood. Pinoke smiles. PINOCCHIO Hang on, guys. Pinocchio approaches the wagon. GEPPETTO Pinocchio? JIMINY What is he doing? Two policemen shut the wagon door and lock them up, then walk to the front as Pinocchio steps up the bars of the door, looking inside. PINOCCHIO So, looks like you're luck's ran out, huh Honest John? The fox-eared criminal looks at Pinocchio. HONEST JOHN You?! You dare to insult me in front of my friends?! PINOCCHIO Why's it matter? You're no longer a hot-shot night club owner who likes to steal from others more worthy than you will ever be! The fox jumps at the bars, trying to get his shackled hands at Pinocchio. HONEST JOHN You little! You think this is over? You haven't heard the last of HJ and Giddy! You understand Maurizio?! PINOCCHIO The name's Pinocchio. Now goodbye...loser. Pinocchio turns and walks back to his friends. GEPPETTO What were you talking to them about? PINOCCHIO Just saying goodbye to an old acquaintance. I'll explain later. The four friends continue walking. HONEST JOHN They may have captured me, but they can't keep me locked up forever! Gideon stands beside his friend, looking at him. GIDEON Sure they can. We're going to the toughest prison in Italy. HONEST JOHN Good point, Giddy. Honest John suddenly shoots a look at Giddy. The wagon starts to move and heads down the street. HONEST JOHN (CONT'D) Did...did you just talk, Gideon? GIDEON HICCUP! The wagon moves further down the street as we DISSOLVE TO: INT. GEPPETTO'S WORKSHOP - NIGHT All the music boxes in the shop are active and playing music. Geppetto dances to the waltz as he stirs some pasta in a pot, then puts two piles of pasta into a medium-sized dish, and a tiny dish. GEPPETTO Alright my little animal friends! Geppetto takes the two bowls and approaches the kitchen. GEPPETTO (CONT'D) Tonight you're both getting a special treat! Pasta Ala Geppetto! Now, here's yours Figa- Geppetto opens his eyes and is surprised to see Figaro's bed empty. GEPPETTO (CONT'D) Figaro? Geppetto looks at the kitchen table and raises his eyebrows. GEPPETTO (CONT'D) Cleo? Geppetto looks around. EXT. ALFREDO'S HOME - NIGHT There's a knocking at the door. ALFREDO (O.S.) I'm coming, hold your horses! Alfredo opens the door. No one is there. He looks both ways, then hears a meowing sound by the ground. He looks down. Standing at the doorway, armed with knives and forks and wearing bibs, is Figaro and Cleo (back in her castle in a new water-filled bowl). They lick their lips and drool. Alfredo raises his eyebrows, then smiles. ALFREDO (CONT'D) Just don't tell anyone the family recipe, okay? Alfredo picks up Cleo's bowl while Figaro prances inside. Alfredo shuts the door with his free hand. INT. GEPPETTO'S WORKSHOP - SAME Geppetto sets the two bowls down on his worktable. GEPPETTO More for me then. But first... Geppetto picks up his sign and sets it onto the worktable. He looks carefully at the unfinished sign, which reads \"GEPPETTO'S\". Geppetto thinks, then looks up at the ceiling. He smiles. INT. BEDROOM - SAME Pinocchio lies in bed, carving something out of a small piece of wood. Eleonora lies beside him, watching him work. ELEONORA I think it's so generous of you and your father to give Lampwick on-the -job training so he could help around the shop. PINOCCHIO And so will you. ELEONORA Me? I know nothing about wood- carving. It's always been a bizarre craft for me. Pinoke stops carving and sets his tool onto the floor. PINOCCHIO I thought you were interested in the bizarre? The two lovers smile at each other. Pinocchio opens his hand and reveals a tiny wooden heart. Eleonora giggles. ELEONORA Ah, it's so beautiful! You really are a natural! EXT. WINDOW - SAME Jiminy stands on the window ledge, smiling at Pinocchio and Eleonora through the glass. Jiminy chuckles and turns around. He looks up at the night sky and lowers his hat. JIMINY Thank you again, my lady. The wishing star sparkles profoundly. JIMINY (CONT'D) Not only is Pinocchio a real boy again, but he's much more sure of himself and ready to enjoy life, just like all men do. If it weren't for your kindness and your- A blue light shines on Jiminy, who covers his eyes. He opens them as the light disappears. He then looks at his leg. The bandages fall off and blow away into the air. Jiminy's leg is as good as new. JIMINY (CONT'D) Golly! My leg's back in shape! Ho Ho Ho! Jiminy smiles at the wishing star. JIMINY (CONT'D) Boy I think it's swell. INT. BEDROOM - SAME Eleonora and Pinocchio look up at the wishing star in awe. ELEONORA It's so beautiful. I've never seen a star shine like that. PINOCCHIO You know, Eleonora? When I was little, I used to gaze up at that star every night, and Father used to sit on my bed, tuck me in, and sing me a lullaby. Now how did it go? Pinocchio thinks, Eleonora staring at him with interest. PINOCCHIO (CONT'D) (singing) When you wish upon a star...makes no difference who you are... Pinoke looks into Eleonora's eyes. PINOCCHIO (CONT'D) (singing) Anything your heart desires will come, to, you. Eleonora begins following along with Pinoke. PINOCCHIO/ELEONORA (singing) If your heart is in your dream, no request is too extreme. When you wish upon a star...as dreamers do. Pinocchio and Eleonora stare into each other's eyes. They close them, lean forward, and kiss each other on the lips. EXT. WINDOW - SAME Jiminy looks up at the wishing star. JIMINY (singing) Like a bolt out of the blue...fate steps in...and sees you through. EXT. GEPPETTO'S WORKSHOP - SAME Geppetto opens the door, a step stool under his right arm and a hammer in his right hand. He pauses, and looks up at the wishing star. CHORUS (V.O.) (singing) When you wish...upon a star... Geppetto winks and steps inside, the door closing behind him. CHORUS (V.O.) (CONT'D) Your dreams...come...true. Hanging above the door in bright golden letters is Geppetto's sign, which now reads \"PINOCCHIO & FRIENDS\". The wishing star sparkles in the distance above the sign as the music finishes and we FADE OUT. ROLL MAIN CREDITS. EXT. ATLANTIC OCEAN - NIGHT The wishing star shines over the Atlantic Ocean as a large ship glides through the water. In the distance we can see the tall silhouette of Lady Liberty along with several tall buildings behind her. EXT. AMERICAN DECK - SAME A large crowd of immigrants stare in wonder at the city, whispering to each other in their native tongues. Frokko is among the crowd, by himself. Frokko looks up at the wishing star, winks at it, then turns and walks towards a cabin door. FROKKO Oh my dear Maurice! We're nearing New York City. Come out and take a look. INT. CABIN - SAME Frokko opens the cabin door. FROKKO Come on don't be shy- Frokko's smile drops and his eyes widen and dart all over the empty cabin. FROKKO (CONT'D) Where did he go?! Wait! Where's my money chests?! EXT. ATLANTIC OCEAN - MOMENTS LATER Rowing out to sea many miles behind the ship in a small rowboat, dragging three large chests attached to each other and to the boat with ropes across the water , is the same Marionette (now named MAURICE) we saw from Pinocchio's circus acts. FROKKO (O.S.) MAURICE! YOU BACKSTABBING MONSTER! EXT. STERN - SAME Several immigrants stare at Frokko, who stands angrily at the stern of the ship. FROKKO I'M COMING TO GET YOU, YOU SON OF A- Two muscular sailors (OLLIE and STAN) grab Frokko and pull him away from the railing. OLLIE What is your problem?! FROKKO That puppet stole my entire life savings! OLLIE Puppet? STAN This man's lost his mind. OLLIE Let's take this nutcase below! The two sailors drag Frokko down the deck by his arms as the frightened immigrants step out of their way. FROKKO That ungrateful hoodlum! I should've never wished for him to be alive! EXT. ATLANTIC OCEAN - SAME Maurice continues to row as he rotates his head towards camera and smiles at it. MAURICE There are no strings on me. Maurice winks as we smash cut to black. ROLL REST OF CREDITS. THE END. ","Summary":" FADE IN: EXT. OPEN OCEAN - NIGHT A beautiful night sky hovers above a calm sea. Many stars sparkle "},{"Movie":"Pinocchio","Title":"El precio por la diversión","Author":"Pajaros en la cabeza","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11811363","Passage":"[Chapter 1] PINOCHO ES UNA NOVELA DE CARLO COLLODI (Y UNA PELÍCULA DE WALT DISNEY PICTURES) El hijo de Geppetto, el tal Pinocho, había aparecido de una forma un tanto repentina en el pueblo y, por supuesto, aquello había provocado muchas habladurías. No era que el niño fuera malo, en absoluto: las madres solían ponerlo de modelo para sus hijos. Era obediente, educado, curioso y amable. Realmente no había ninguna queja en absoluto contra él; habiendo sido educado por el juguetero, no podía ser de otra forma. Pero el niño había dado mucho de qué hablar. Era, en muchos aspectos, un niño bastante extraño. El maestro había notado que tenía una dificultad particular para aprender las lecciones, como si le costara asumir los conceptos más sencillos, pero supuso que el niño era simplemente duro de mollera y, al fin y al cabo, en el pueblo había adultos hechos y derechos que ni siquiera sabían leer. A los niños con los que jugaba les había llamado la atención comprobar en los días de verano en que iban a bañarse al río o cuando se descuidaba, que Pinocho carecía de ombligo. Pinocho, al principio, parecía que ni se había dado cuenta hasta que se lo mencionaron, y luego se limitó a contestar que se trataba de \"un capricho de nacimiento\", y nadie lo discutió. Después de todo, cosas más raras se habían visto. Los adultos, por otra parte, parecían bastante interesados por saber por qué había aparecido en casa de Geppetto aquel niño al que presentaba como su hijo. Los niños no sabían por qué aquello llegó a ser un pequeño revuelo a espaldas del juguetero. Cuando alguien por fin se atrevió a preguntarle, de forma más o menos sutil, bastó con que Geppetto explicara con una sonrisa piadosa que el niño estaba solo en el mundo y que era su deber cuidar de él para que todos se tranquilizaran y lamentaran haber dudado de aquel hombre intachable del que no se podía esperar ningún pecado. Cuando la gente se satisfizo con la explicación de su origen, todo lo demás pareció secundario. Que tuviera alguna pequeña peculiaridad no era nada malo, era natural. Pero la costumbre de los burros...Aquello era otra cosa. Cada vez que pasaba cerca de él una de aquellas bestias, dejaba lo que estuviera haciendo, fuera lo que fuera, y se quedaba inmóvil, como si se hubiera vuelto una estatua. Luego, corría hacia el animal y, ante la mirada atónita de su amo, le preguntaba algo en voz baja y esperaba un movimiento, una mirada o un rebuzno que sirvieran de contestación. Aquello provocaba la risa y al sorpresa en todos los que lo presenciaban. Cuando al mismo Pinocho se le preguntaba por qué hacía eso, lo único que uno recibía era un balbuceo, si no se sumía en un silencio tortuoso o cambiaba rápidamente de tema, y Geppetto no hacía más que encogerse de hombros; a él mismo le gustaba hablar con sus marionetas y juguetes. Como era algo inofensivo, no era un tema del que el pueblo tuviera que preocuparse, aunque sí hizo que el niño se ganara algún que otro apodo cruel y fuera el blanco de ciertos chismorreos. Geppetto lamentaba más que nunca haber echado tierra sobre el pasado de Pinocho, incluida su desaparición y su regreso con aquellas orejas y colas de burro. Por su bien y para que no se les escapara ningún dato, por inocente que fuera, que hubiera podido despertar suspicacias, habían decidido no hablar más de ello, pero a veces deseaba preguntarle a Pinocho por todo lo referente a aquellos días en que estuvo perdido. Tal vez conociendo toda la historia y dejando que el niño se desahogara acabaría con aquello. Pero siguió habiendo un silencio absoluto en la casa respecto al tema y Geppetto no se atrevió a romperlo. Podía ser que aquella costumbre terminara desapareciendo sola, y, de todas formas, no hacía daño a nadie. Sólo hubo una vez en que Pinocho hizo un tímido intento por hablar de ello. Estaban sentados en la puerta, disfrutando de la agradable brisa tras un día de mucho calor, como otras tantas familias, hablando tranquilamente, cuando pasó por su lado un campesino que iba acompañado de un burro que arrastraba un carro lleno de heno. Geppetto saludó al hombre al pasar y el niño no dijo nada, se quedó mirando al pollino en silencio, serio, mientras él y su dueño se alejaban. Finalmente, tras pasar un buen rato callado, se volvió hacia su padre. - Papá...¿Para qué quiere la gente a los burros? - Bueno, pues para muchas cosas, hijo. Para cargar con los carros y el equipaje pesado, para transporte...Cuando ya son viejos o no sirven para nada, se les saca la carne y la piel. Pinocho asintió y siguió contemplando el sol esconderse tras las montañas y las casitas del pueblo, pero Geppetto estuvo seguro de verlo palidecer hasta quedarse blanco como la nieve. Esperó y como el niño no dijo nada y, al cabo de unos minutos, le preguntó con la naturalidad acostumbrada qué había para cenar, terminó por olvidarse una vez más de todo aquello. Tal vez fuera lo mejor. FIN En el cuento original, Polilla, al convertirse en burro, es vendido a un granjero que lo hace trabajar hasta el límite de sus fuerzas y termina muriendo en los brazos de Pinocho. Por supuesto, esto no iba a aparecer en Disney, pero el bueno de Walt no le dio un final feliz a los niños que se convirtieron en burros, de todos modos. Aún a día de hoy me estremezco al pensar en lo que el Cochero habría hecho con los que aún podían hablar. (Por cierto, acabo de leer en Youtube la idea de que eso podría explicar por qué Asno habla en Shrek y no me lo puedo quitar de la cabeza. Socorro) ","Summary":" PINOCHO ES UNA NOVELA DE CARLO COLLODI (Y UNA PELÍCULA DE WALT DISNEY PICTURES) El hijo de Geppetto"},{"Movie":"Pinocchio","Title":"Pinocchio 3 Pinocchio Falls In Love","Author":"ronnlee.morris","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12513410","Passage":"[Chapter 1] As Pinocchio came home from school, his father Geppetto told him the news. \"Pinocchio, my doctor has found a tumor in my leg and plus, I'm so old so I'm going to carve you a girlfriend before I have to be put to sleep at the hospital tomorrow.\" Pinocchio started frowning slowly but still felt happy at the same time. \"Well I'm awful sorry to hear that,\" Pinocchio commented. He put his school stuff down and did his homework. After he did his homework, he turned on the TV. Meanwhile, Geppetto started to carve Pinocchio's girlfriend. As Geppetto did, tears fell down his eyes. He wiped them with his shirt sleeve. Hours later, he was done. \"I will now name her Pinocchia,\" Geppetto cried. That night, Geppetto wished upon the star for Pinocchia to come to life. After the blue fairy came and waved her wand, Pinocchia officially came to life. The next day, Pinocchio woke up with the girl puppet in front of his face. \"Oh it's you,\" Pinocchio said waking up. \"Good morning,\" Pinocchia said. As Pinocchio got out of bed, Pinocchia helped him down. Geppetto got up too and waved goodbye to Pinocchio and Pinocchia as he headed out the door to go to the hospital. Soon, Pinocchio and Pinocchia began to pack to go to school. They simply walked together holding hands. By the time they arrived at the school, they entered the classroom and Pinocchia was introduced to the class. During lunch, they talked to each other. Classes were dismissed so Pinocchio and Pinocchia walked together again holding hands back home. The weekend came so Pinocchio and Pinocchia decided to go to Pleasure Island in its normal stage without the chemical formula that turns the attendees into donkeys. Pinocchio and Pinocchia decided to ride the roller coaster first to get it over with. Pinocchio kindly made Pinocchia go on the seat first before he did. They were off. After the roller coaster, they rode a softer ride to cool down the thrill inside their bodies. Afterwards, the two decided to get some food. After they ate, they decided to play pool. It was getting late so they went back home and watched TV. Geppetto survived his tumor removal and was back home alive. ","Summary":" As Pinocchio came home from school, his father Geppetto told him the news. \"Pinocchio, my doctor h"},{"Movie":"Pinocchio","Title":"Welcome To Pleasure Island","Author":"MissFeral","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11781700","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Pinocchio and Lampwick were scared and confused. Only minutes ago, they had been having the time of their lives – drinking beer, playing pool, smoking cigars, and committing vandalism. On the way to Pleasure Island, young Pinocchio took an immediate liking to a buck-toothed redhead named Lampwick. The boys became close companions and had been relaxing in the pool hall, when they were suddenly grabbed and dragged away. Now they found themselves in a dark dungeon with no evidence that there were any other children around besides them. They sat down next to each other in the corner of the cell and shivered from the chill. \"I want to go home,\" said Pinocchio, quietly. There was no reply from Lampwick, who just pouted and began to throw a fit. Pinocchio sat silently and hugged his knees. He was lonesome for both his father and his conscience. If only he had listened to Jiminy's warnings. The whole idea of a place called 'Pleasure Island' sounded so enchanting. It was an amusement park were little boys could do anything they wanted and have a blast without any parents or rules. But the so-called happy place was now turning into something downright sinister. Suddenly, the door swung open and the Coachman waddled into the room, carrying a small bag. He grinned wickedly as he turned to face the two young boys. Pinocchio cringed against the wall. Lampwick settled down from his tantrum and drew back in fright. The Coachman sat on the floor and opened his bag to reveal some gray ropes. Then he looked over at the boys and smirked again. \"You stupid little boys…\" \"W-What do you want from us?\" asked Pinocchio, humbly. \"You've had your fun and now you'll pay the penalty!\" sneered the obese man. \"We haven't done anything to you,\" Lampwick protested. \"You have no right to keep us here!\" The Coachman chuckled and raised a handful of ropes. \"Come here, you.\" \"Who, me?\" asked Lampwick. The Coachman nodded and motioned for the redhead to come closer. Lampwick gulped. \"You wouldn't. You couldn't…hurt me?\" \"You'll just have to wait and find out, now won't you?\" asked the Coachman as he stood up and approached the worried youngster. Next thing he knew, Lampwick was sitting on the floor with his hands tied over his head. His ankles were tied together also. Then the Coachman removed Lampwick's shoes and socks to reveal his sizable, sweaty bare feet. \"What are you going to do with me?\" asked the boy, becoming extremely nervous. The Coachman reached into his bag and produced a long, stiff feather. He smirked when he heard Lampwick gasp at the sight of it. \"You can't do this!\" the kid protested. \"This is what happens to bad boys who run away to Pleasure Island,\" replied the Coachman as he lowered the feather to Lampwick's feet. \"So tell me…are you ticklish?\" \"N-No!\" Lampwick quickly lied. The Coachman chuckled. \"Well, I guess we'll find out soon enough, won't we?\" With that, he began gliding the feather up and down Lampwick's bare soles. Lampwick instantly burst into shrieks of laughter. This caused the Coachman to start laughing himself. Pinocchio could do nothing except watch in horror. \"HAHAHAHAHAHAHA! NOOOO! PLEASE STOP! AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! I CAN'T TAKE IT!\" Lampwick cried as he squirmed and struggled in his bonds. \"This is what happens to bad boys,\" repeated the Coachman in a cold, heartless voice. \"I'VE BEEN FRAMED! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! OH NO! NOT THE TOES! AAAAAAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! I GIVE! I GIVE!\" \"Too late for mercy, brat,\" muttered the Coachman. Pinocchio couldn't bear to watch…and yet he couldn't look away. The evil Coachman continued tickling the boy's supple, young soles. He let the feather mercilessly sweep the heels, arches, and balls of the wriggling feet. Then he got to work on the toes – tickling each one of them with the tip of the feather. He gave each toe equal attention. Then he began dragging the feather back and forth along the undersides of the toes. Lampwick was screaming with laughter. His cheeks turned bright red as tears fell from his eyes. He had always known how ticklish he was, but this was absolutely the worst tickling he had ever experienced. \"PLEASE HAHAHAHAHAHAAAAHAHAHAHAAAAHAHAHAHAAHAHA! NO MORE! HEEEHEEHEEHEEHEEHEEHEEHEE! HAVE MERCY ON MY TOES! EEEEEEEEHEEHHEHEEHEEHEE! OOOOOOOHHHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHO!\" \"Coochie coo!\" teased the Coachman as he grinned like a madman. \"You sure look like you're having a lot of fun here on Pleasure Island! These tickly feet of yours are going to be here a long, long time!\" After half an hour of nonstop tickling, the Coachman finally gave Lampwick a break. The boy's clothes clung to his body with sweat. His face was red and dripping with tears. But the old man didn't give him much time to catch his breath. \"W-What are you doing?!\" Lampwick cried as the Coachman grabbed his feet and held them to his face. The Coachman sniffed the boy's bare feet and sighed contently. The tender feet had a slight odor of sweat but otherwise didn't smell that bad. Then he snuck out his big, slimy tongue and licked the right sole, causing the poor little boy to erupt with hysterical laughter. After one lick, the Coachman savored the taste and decided that he wanted more. So then he clutched the feet tighter and started licking them all over, dragging his tongue across the soles and sucking hungrily on the long toes. This drove Lampwick berserk. His face turned redder than ever before and his tears flowed at an incredible rate. He bucked and thrashed and arched his back but there was no escaping his inevitable punishment. \"AAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHA! DON'T LICK! NOOOOOO! WAAAAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHA! YOU'RE KILLING ME! HOOOOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHO HO PINOCCHIO, HELP MEEEEE!\" Pinocchio wanted to save his pal but how could he? There was no way in the hell he would be able to overpower the enormous Coachman. But just when Pinocchio thought Lampwick was going to pass out, something happened. His laughter began to change. It became strangely donkey-like… Then Pinocchio nearly keeled over when he saw a tail sprout from Lampwick's rear end. This was followed by a pair of tall donkey ears and a face of brown fur. Lampwick's soft feet and hands became rock-hard hooves and his hysterical laughter became all out braying. Pinocchio's jaw dropped as he witnessed the transformation. Within seconds, Lampwick was a literal jackass. The Coachman cut him free of the ropes and then dragged him out the dungeon by his long ears. Pinocchio was left stupefied, but only moments later he realized with terror that his body was sprouting the same abnormalities. But when the Coachman came to take him away, Pinocchio made a daring escape. The End ","Summary":" Pinocchio and Lampwick were scared and confused. Only minutes ago, they had been having the time of"},{"Movie":"Pinocchio","Title":"Pinocchio 2 Back To Being Wooden","Author":"ronnlee.morris","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12422864","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Pinocchio 2 Back To Being Wooden Pinocchio was ready to go to school as a real boy. He was so excited to learn things. His father Geppetto gave him an apple and his school book and Pinocchio was off. His first class was English. He did fine there. His second class was Math. He did fine there. His third class was science. He did find there as well. However, his fourth class was Physical Education. He didn't do so fine there. The problem was that he got injured very badly. After school, Pinocchio went home and told his father what happened. As a result, Geppetto just gave him bandages. The next day, Pinocchio did fine again in all his classes except P.E. He got injured again. Pinocchio went home after school and told his father what happened again. This time, Geppetto admitted that his son should might as well be a puppet again without strings. That night, Geppetto wished upon the star and wished for Pinocchio to be wooden again. The next day, Pinocchio went to school as a wooden puppet without strings. He did fine in all his classes and in P.E., he didn't get injured at all. ","Summary":" Pinocchio 2 Back To Being Wooden Pinocchio was ready to go to school as a real boy. He was so excit"},{"Movie":"Pinocchio","Title":"The Guardian: Rewritten","Author":"unicorn-skydancer08","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11494697","Passage":"[Chapter 1] THE GUARDIAN: REWRITTEN Hello, friends and readers, and welcome once again to my story corner. Boy-howdy, so many changes have come about since I was last here; I hardly know where to begin. To start with, I've graduated college at last. I now have an official Bachelor's Degree in Creative Writing. For another thing, my dad has passed away. It happened not long after I graduated, and his heart somehow just stopped. I wasn't there to see it, but Mom told me all about it, and I've yet to get over it. (Fortunately, writing and drawing have really helped me these last few months.) Beyond that, my sister is expecting yet another baby, and most recently, I've landed a job at a thrift store not far from my house. I help to organize books and men's clothing, and once in a while I lend a hand with \"collectibles,\" meaning I help customers purchase a knickknack that we keep safe in a strong glass case. It's nothing fancy, but it's a paycheck, and it gets my foot in the door. As you can see, this is a reboot of my old Pinocchio fanfic. Don't worry, the first story is staying where it is, as it is, but I just couldn't stand the way it looked anymore. So I'm starting fresh. I'm keeping most of the original plot, but you may find a few interesting twists here and there. If you enjoyed reading The Guardian before, you might enjoy this, too. And if you've never even heard of my Pinocchio literature at all...well, this just means you'll get to experience the magic of reading it for the very first time. Either way, happy reading, and reviews would mean the world to me. Some Characters © Disney Other Characters and Story © unicorn-skydancer08 All rights reserved. CHAPTER 1: A STRANGER IN THE NIGHT On most stormy nights, you would expect most people (or the most sensible people) to stay indoors—next to a friendly fire, with a clean blanket, a cup of fresh tea, and maybe a nice little biscuit on the side. However, at least one person could be found wandering the narrow cobblestone path that threaded through the quaint Collodi village. This strange figure, who was taller—and moved with more grace and speed—than most men, was wrapped in a heavy cloak as black as the night itself, and his hood was drawn all the way, granting his face at least some shelter from the biting wind and rain. \"What a night,\" he grumbled loudly, for there was no one to hear him. \"What was I thinking, coming through this part of town just to get a shortcut?\" Looking around him, at the half-flooded street and the lightless (and seemingly lifeless) buildings, he added, \"It's like the town of the dead.\" He sighed and pulled up his hood a bit more. As he passed by a small alley, something stopped him in his tracks. He stood like a statue, watching and listening with the most extraordinary intent. Sure enough, there was a curious sound, just distinct enough from the drumming of the rain, the howl of the wind, and the grumble of the thunder. It sounded like…crying? Slowly, tentatively, the hooded figure began to follow the sound through the alley. It seemed the more steps he took, the louder and more definite the sound got, and he found his feet moving a bit faster. No sooner had he turned a corner than he stopped again; what loomed seven or eight feet ahead would have stopped your heart, then and there. A small boy—made entirely out of wood, of all things—huddled alone in a shadowy alcove. The small wooden overhang above his head kept him from getting too drenched, but he had no coat, no adequate clothing or means of shelter, and he was undoubtedly shaking with more than just cold. The tall man knew, even from a distance, that the water running down the child's face and dripping off the end of his long wooden nose wasn't just rainwater. \"Don't worry, Pinoke,\" an almost inaudible voice was saying. \"Everything will work out somehow.\" It took the man a few seconds to realize the voice belonged to a tiny cricket perched on the boy's knee; unlike most insects, this one was all dressed up and possessed the manners of a human being. The creature even had a tiny umbrella all his own, though the thing was no good at all for this kind of weather. \"No, it won't,\" whimpered the little boy, sounding no older than eight or nine years. \"I wish we weren't here, Jiminy. I'm so cold, so tired, so hungry. I want to go home.\" He sniffed and gulped and swiped futilely at his wet cheeks. \"Excuse me.\" The boy and the cricket both gave quite a jump and looked up at the same time. At the sight of the black hooded stranger, now standing directly above them, the boy's eyes just about popped out of his little wooden head. There was no way to discern the face beneath that hood, but the voice that floated out sounded gentle and empathetic. \"Is everything all right? Can I help in any way?\" A gasp of terror was the only answer he got. When he lowered himself to one knee, so that he and the wooden child were more equal with one another, the boy hid his face and shrank as far back as the tapered space would allow. \"No, no,\" the man insisted, \"it's all right. I won't hurt you.\" But the boy continued to cower, and even the cricket looked genuinely afraid and might have very well hopped away if he could. Realizing how he must appear to them, and in hopes of making himself seem less intimidating, the man used both hands to lower his hood to his shoulders. Despite the silvery whiteness of his thick hair and goatee, he was an extraordinarily young man—he couldn't have been a day older than twenty—and an extraordinarily handsome one at that. His hair was short-cropped at the back of his head, though his bangs were long enough to cover his eyes, and his sideburns were also long and full. His eyes were a pair of glowing sapphires, with long, perfect lashes. Possibly his most noteworthy trait was the tiny mark above his left eye; it had the perfect shape of a crescent moon, and if that in itself didn't catch your interest, it shimmered with the brilliance of a blue jewel. You could tell at once that this man was no ordinary man. The wooden boy dared to look up into the young man's face when the hood was removed, but he went on cowering like a helpless animal in a cage. \"Please don't be afraid,\" the white-haired man pleaded, in a voice that also attested to his youth. It was neither high nor low, but clear and lively, and he spoke with a melodic accent; any child would trust that voice, and any lady would swoon. \"I promise, I mean you no harm.\" The wooden boy managed to calm down just a little, but it was the cricket who spoke first. \"Who are you?\" \"My name is Terence,\" said the white-haired man, offering the friendliest smile possible. \"What's your name, my boy?\" The wooden boy held back for some time before responding with a sniffle, \"P-Pinocchio. I-I'm Pinocchio.\" \"And I'm Jiminy,\" said the cricket with a tip of his tiny hat. \"Jiminy Cricket, to be precise.\" The man named Terence gave a brief nod. \"If you'll pardon me asking, Pinocchio and Jiminy Cricket, what are you doing all the way out here, in this wretched weather?\" Again, Pinocchio held his tongue for a long time, but at last he said, \"I-I'm lost. I've got nowhere else to go. No one will help me, and I'm so cold and hungry…\" He trailed off and couldn't finish, but he'd made his point anyway. \"You poor little thing,\" said Terence softly, regarding the child with heartfelt compassion. His big hand came to rest on the child's quivering shoulder with the lightness of a feather. \"We'd better get you cleaned up, warmed up and fed right away. Come with me; I'll stay with you and look after you, if you've no objection.\" Pinocchio blinked in disbelief. \"Y-you will? Really?\" \"Of course.\" \"You know you don't have to, sir,\" said Jiminy Cricket. Terence smiled again. \"Of course, I don't. That's the beauty of it, isn't it?\" Neither Pinocchio nor Jiminy could argue with this, so Pinocchio said coyly, \"Gee, that's awful nice of you, Mr. Terence.\" \"Most kind, indeed,\" added Jiminy. \"That's all right,\" was all Terence said before getting to his feet and pulling up his hood once more. He waited for Pinocchio to get up as well, and he allowed Jiminy to hop into his palm. Since Terence had the longest legs by far, he had to walk slowly for Pinocchio, but he didn't mind. He even held up a corner of his cloak so that the boy was at least a little sheltered while they walked. Fortunately for them, they only had to walk about ten minutes before they came across an open inn. A large wooden sign above the main door read in bold black letters: THE RED MOUNT INN. While nothing fancy, the place looked suitable enough for a night like this. \"Shall we?\" Terence asked Pinocchio before holding the door for him. Pinocchio just nodded and stepped over the threshold without a word, though he offered Terence the smallest of smiles as he passed him by. The boy knew next to nothing about this man, about who he was, where he came from, or what he would do later. But for now, the kid couldn't be happier or more grateful to see anybody. ","Summary":" THE GUARDIAN: REWRITTEN Hello, friends and readers, and welcome once again to my story corner. Boy-"},{"Movie":"Pinocchio","Title":"The Guidance of the Heart","Author":"WogglebugLoveProductions","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12935258","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It was very clear and warm day in the Springtime in a little village in Tuscany, Italy. It was just now in a quaint little schoolhouse that a wise old teacher was giving his students their last lessons of the day. \"And so,\" he said, \"can any of you tell me what you think separates us human beings from the rest of the animal kingdom?\" Almost immediately then, a small boy who had black hair and blue eyes and wore a pair of red overalls over a yellow shirt raised his hand up high. \"Yes, Pinocchio,\" the teacher called to him. \"What I think separates us as human beings from all other animals,\" Pinocchio said, \"is in our ability to know right from wrong and also to choose when to do either one.\" \"Very, very good, Pinocchio!\" the teacher praised his student proudly. \"Yes, that is an excellent answer. We as human beings must always decide what is right and wrong throughout our whole lives. Now can any of you tell me of an example of when what is right or wrong conflicts with what is wrong or right?\" Now a lot of the students looked just plain confused, but Pinocchio once again raised his hand promptly. \"Yes, Pinocchio,\" said the teacher with a smile. \"Sometimes it is right to tell the truth, and sometimes it is wrong to,\" Pinocchio said. \"Such as when we do something wrong and we aren't sure if it's right to admit to it. It's also sometimes good to just walk away from your enemies, and sometimes it's better to stand up to them.\" The teacher was now just beaming with pride at Pinocchio. \"Well said, Pinocchio. Very well said indeed. Now,\" he concluded, \"Your new assignment shall be to write an essay on what the notions of doing what is right or wrong mean to all of you as individuals. Due next week, and for now class is dismissed.\" So then each and every one of the students all leaped out of their seats and hurried excitedly toward the front door. Just before they left however, their teacher stood by the door and handed them each their report cards. When it was Pinocchio's turn he gave him his with a special smile and twinkle in his eyes. Pinocchio returned the smile and then hurried on his way home with his report card in hand. It was then that a tiny cricket dressed in very fashionable clothes and a top hat and wearing a solid gold badge on his left breast peeked out from inside the brim of his hat. He was Jiminy Cricket, and was his official conscience and also his best friend. \"I get more impressed by you every day it seems, Pinoch,\" said Jiminy with the same kind of pride as the teacher had expressed. \"You've become the smartest boy in your whole class, if not in the whole town.\" \"Aw, thanks, Jiminy,\" Pinocchio replied modestly. \"I'm just want father to be proud of me, really.\" \"And he should be,\" said Jiminy. \"After all, ever since you became a real boy, he has been so happy that he has been doing better for himself and his work than he ever did before, as he says.\" It was minutes later that Pinocchio arrived at the little house which he and his father, Geppeto, who was a carpenter and a toy maker for a living, resided in. Geppeto himself came outside right away as Pinocchio came up the pathway while holding out his report card with a big smile on his sweet young face. \"Oh, I see you've brought back your grades. Well, let's see how they are again,\" Geppeto said as he hurried to meet his son. Geppeto took the report card from Pinocchio and read it as they entered into he house. When he had finished reading it his eyes welled up with tears of love, pride, and joy all at once. Then for a moment he was too proud for words to be spoken. So he just picked up Pinocchio and hugged him tightly and kissed him on his forehead lovingly. Pinocchio smiled as Geppeto set him down again and then looked up at him with concern as he asked, \"Why the tears, Father?\" \"These tears of mine are of sweet happiness and love,\" Geppeto assured him. \"For your report says more than I could have hoped for. It says, from your teacher, that you are the most intelligent and brightest young boy that he has met in many years.\" Pinocchio just smiled and blushed a little bit. He wasn't sure if he was deserving of such praise, although it made him feel good all the same. He was in all truth though just happy to be making his father proud of him and also to be fitting in so well in school and in town and with the other boys with whom he would often go out to play with when he came home. Geppeto composed himself for a moment and then said to Pinocchio, \"Well, now if you like you may go out and play with your friends. Only you must make sure to be home in time for dinner, as tonight we will be having something extra special for a celebration.\" \"Really! Gee, thanks, Father!\" exclaimed Pinocchio happily. He then hurried out and met up with four other boys whom he knew from school and they played kickball for a while and then went down to the lake and fished for a while. Then just before the sun began to set, Jiminy whispered to Pinocchio it was time to go home and so he said goodbye to his friends promising to see them again soon, and hurried home. And so it was that evening that Pinocchio and Geppeto, along with Jiminy and their cat Figaro had large bowls full of minestrone for supper, and afterward they all had pieces of chocolate panetonne cake which Geppeto so lovingly baked himself. For Pinocchio, life truly was all that he and his family could wish for it to be.[Chapter 2] It was on the next morning that when Pinocchio was skipping along down the pathway toward the schoolhouse that he noticed a new little girl come along down the path from around a corner. She appeared to be a year or two younger than he was. She had long black brown hair that fell to her shoulders in ringlets and was tied at each side with a green silk ribbon. She was wearing a short pea green dress with a white apron over it, and around her neck she wore a thin gold chain that was fastened onto a large heart shaped golden locket that rested just below her neck. Pinocchio found himself slowing down his pace at the sight of her. Of course, he had seen other girls before as they were in his school, and yet there seemed somehow to be something so completely new and different about her. She was so much prettier than any girl he had seen before. He didn't know he thought this but it seemed like this to him. She glanced at him from behind her and he at once took off his hat and smiled at her. \"Hi!\" he said to her. \"Hi,\" she replied with a smile. Pinocchio sighed as he felt his heart becoming warm by her smile now. While on top of his hat, Jiminy had been very observant of what had taken place and he knew just what it was as he had observed it so often before in his time. He bent down to Pinocchio's left ear and whispered, \"Why don't you go and get to know her better? Ask her if she goes to the same school as you.\" Pinocchio at once heeded Jiminy's suggestions. He skipped up briskly to the new girl's side and said, \"My name is Pinocchio. What is your name?\" \"My name is Sara,\" she replied. \"That's a nice name,\" he said. \"Do you go to the school that I go to down this path?\" \"Yes, I do now,\" she replied. \"This will be my first day at this school. My family just moved to this village. We used to live in the one next to it.\" \"Why did you move here?\" asked Pinocchio curiously. \"Well,\" Sara began softly, \"It's kind of hard to talk about. You see, about a year ago my older brother, Romeo, he just... left one night and he never came back. And my parents are both very grief-stricken. They don't know what happened to him and worried something dreadful happened to him. And so they decided to move here and maybe find out about what happened to him as it was becoming too painful for them to just stay in the same place and wait for him.\" Pinocchio had listened to Sara's story with much interest, and in his heart he had a very uneasy feeling that he just might know exactly what had become of her brother. \"Did he mention to you where he was going?\" he asked. Sara looked down a moment and then replied, \"We were on our way to school and then these two men, actually a fox and a cat, came up to us and offered us two tickets to go to Pleasure Island, and said if we wanted to come we would have to skip school. So I promptly turned them down, but Romeo accepted right away and went off with them. I called to him to come back, and told him it wasn't right to go with those strange figures. But he just called back telling me to keep quiet about it from Mama and Papa and then he was just... gone..\" Tears began to brim in her sweet brown eyes. \"I'm so sorry,\" said Pinocchio. And he was very much sincere in saying this as he now did know exactly what had happened to her brother. He wondered if he should tell her. It would be so hard for him to do so. Then Sara held up the heart shaped locket from around her neck and opened it. \"This,\" she said indicating the picture that was inside of it, \"is Romeo, with me, and Mama and Papa, when we were all together.\" Pinocchio looked very closely at the picture in the locket. Then he blinked and looked closer to make sure he was seeing who he thought he was. And then he was sure he was. \"Lampwick!\" he exclaimed in disbelief. \"Lampwick was my brother's nickname,\" Sara said in much surprise. \"How did you know it?\" \"Because I... I knew your brother,\" Pinocchio stammered uneasily. \"You did?\" exclaimed Sara anxiously. \"Then do you know anything about where he went, or what happened to him?\" \"I... I do,\" Pinocchio said now very uncomfortable. \"I.. I went to Pleasure Island with him.\" \"You did?\" Sara exclaimed. \"And why did you get back and he didn't? What happened to him?\" she demanded to know now on the verge of tears than before. Pinocchio gulped as he wished he did not have to tell her this now. Then Jiminy whispered to him, \"Tell her the truth, Pinoch, trust your conscience on this.\" So he sighed and told her everything, \"We went to Pleasure Island and we both had so much fun it seemed to good to last, and it didn't either. Because then all of the boys there turned into donkeys.\" \"Do you mean they actually did turn into donkeys?\" asked Sara in horror. \"Yes,\" Pinocchio said sadly, \"And your brother turned into a donkey, I was there when he did and I watched it all happen. I even started to turn into a donkey myself, but somehow I managed to escape with just a donkey's ears and tail and laugh, and those went away eventually.\" \"But what happened to my brother then?\" Sara exclaimed as tears fell from her eyes now. \"I'm sorry, I don't know,\" Pinocchio admitted with much regret. Now Sara fell onto him and began sobbing heavily into his shoulder. He patted her shoulder gently but could find no words at all to comfort her. He tried to think of what he could do for her. Then she wailed, \"Why didn't you save him? Why couldn't you save him?\" \"But I will save him! I will!\" Pinocchio exclaimed stoutly. \"I will save him and all of the other boys who were turned into donkeys!\" Sara pulled back from him and wiped her tears away on her apron. She looked up at him in surprise. \"You really think you can save them?\" she asked. \"I have to,\" Pinocchio replied. \"But wouldn't you have to go back to that awful place?\" Sara asked. \"It would be worth it if I can save them all,\" Pinocchio said decidedly. \"Because as I said I will have to save them. Now come on, we better hurry to school if we don't want to miss a day.\" So they both hurried down the rest of the pathway and got to the schoolhouse. Then after the day was out, Pinocchio's friends asked him once again if he would like to come and play with them. \"I can't today,\" Pinocchio said. \"I have more important things to do.\" He then met up once again with Sara and she said, \"So, about saving my brother and the other boys who were lost, are you certain you want to try to do this?\" \"Yes, I am,\" Pinocchio said. \"Why?\" asked Sara. \"Because it's what my heart is telling me to do, and what my conscience wants me to do... right?\" he said. Then Jiminy bent down and whispered in Pinocchio's ear again, \"You're right, Pinoch, it is the right thing to do. But you must tell Geppeto about your plans or he will worry about you again, and remember what happened the last time he did.\" \"Right,\" whispered Pinocchio. Then he said to Sara, \"You come home with me and meet my father and we'll tell him what we're gonna do and he can help us.\" So then they hurried to Geppeto's house where Pinocchio quickly introduced Sara and they each told him the whole story about her brother and the other boys at Pleasure Island who were turned into donkeys. \"So that explains the ears and tail, and funny laugh you had when we met again,\" Geppeto said with realization. \"Yes, father,\" said Pinocchio. \"And now I want to go and find all the boys, not just Lampwick, all of them, and have them turned into boys again somehow. I mean, I got my wish to be a real boy and so why shouldn't they now?\" Geppeto looked with such love at Pinocchio now that it was heartbreaking to both of them. \"I understand, my boy,\" he said softly, \"And I suppose I would want Lampwick to go and rescue you if you were in each other's place in reverse. So you have my consent, but first we must find out just where this place called Pleasure Island is and thus find out where these doers of evil take these poor unfortunate boys and put a stop to it. If only I knew how.\" Just then, from out of the window Pinocchio spotted a very bright glowing light, like a star only much bigger and wider and growing with each second closer to them. He instantly knew what it was. \"Look, it's the Blue Fairy!\" he exclaimed in delight. Then Geppeto quickly turned toward the light just as it settled into the room, and from it there came forth the blue fairy, looking just as Pinocchio remembered. Geppeto bowed to her and said, \"You gave life to my son, not once but twice, and I am forever grateful to you for it.\" The Blue Fairy smiled sweetly at Geppeto and replied, \"You are very welcome, but I didn't give him life only to grant your wish, though you much deserved to have it come true, but also for a much greater good that I see is now coming to be.\" \"I don't understand,\" said Geppeto. \"Neither do I,\" added Pinocchio. \"You will in time,\" the Blue Fairy assured them. \"Now I will help you to make your new wish come true,\" she continued. \"I will give you this map to guide you on your journey ahead,\" and so saying she produced with her magic wand a folded map which she handed to Pinocchio. \"You must use it wisely and well,\" she continued, \"for it alone will not be your only guide, only your heart can guide you throughout your journey.\" \"Thank you,\" said Pinocchio. \"I will do my best.\" \"And so will I,\" added Geppeto. \"We'll all take the train out first thing tomorrow morning.\" The Blue Fairy smiled gently and said, \"I'm afraid you Geppeto must let Pinocchio and Sara go this journey alone for it is theirs alone and no one else's.\" Geppeto didn't much like the idea of letting Pinocchio go off alone again, but at the same time he felt he should trust the Blue Fairy as he was sure she knew what was in their best interest. \"And I can come with them, can't I?\" asked Jiminy. \"Of course,\" said the Blue Fairy to the wise cricket. \"A good conscience is always needed for these things. Good luck to you all, and remember you must let your hearts be your guide.\" And with that the Blue Fairy vanished into the light from whence she had come from. ","Summary":" It was very clear and warm day in the Springtime in a little village in Tuscany, Italy. It was just"},{"Movie":"Pinocchio","Title":"Metallic Temptations","Author":"Winter Winks 221","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12238995","Passage":"[Chapter 1] In a small Italian village past a dark and lonely graveyard, and resting limply on the north of the village, across a river and separated from the rest of the town, was a small, lonely house. It was not an unpleasant house, however as it had pear trees growing in the garden. They were often vibrant, and gave the garden a pleasant smell when they were ripe. However, it is winter in 1923, and the pears are past their season. Branches are hanging heavy with snow, and silence usurps the garden, save for a church bell ringing in the distance, and the wind howling its grievances. The night is long, and the darkness stretches and seeps into every nook and cranny outside, and thick ashen clouds bringing snow in hinder the pretty stars from watching what went on in that strange little house that cold December night... \"By the Blue Fairy's cogs- where is that spanner gone?\" A voice echoes from inside the lonely old shack. A man of about 60 years of age hunts his workbench for his missing tool. He pauses to scratch his head, and looks once around the room. Finding nothing of his prized spanner, he shifts aside papers containing blueprints, measurements, calculations and sketches. He taps one finger on his ear lobe in thought, before stooping to check underneath. \"I must have that spanner! It must be here- I have to fix his arm a bit more...\" He mutters to himself. On the workbench, sits a beautiful robot made of fine gold metal. Gepetto had fashioned the Gabriel of automatons into a little boy. His blue eyes, fashioned from lights, stare at the wall. He lies limp, and his right arm hangs dangerously loose, where the old man had been tweaking it after an error in size. For you see, Gepetto longed to be a father. He had been popular with the ladies in his youth, and he even found one he fell in love with, and her name was Natalie. The two had been engaged, but, in a twist of tragedy, she died of pneumonia as a nurse across in France. Heartbroken, he had never considered marrying again. Now, he was busy crafting a little companion to keep himself from getting lonely, even if he couldn't talk. But, looking back on that night, cold and bitter as it was, it was one of those nights I observed that there was a sense of warmth in the house. Who am I, might you ask? My name is Crick, and I am a toy. I am alive- or at the very least, I can move my limbs without the need for winding. Forty years ago, Gepetto created me as one of his earliest projects- a clockwork cricket. I was the only success in the first batch of five clockwork toys he created, and I have lived here for many years since. He may have created me, but the Blue Fairy, the Patron Saint of Inventors, granted me the ability to live on every night there is a blue moon with no winding of my key needed. This reason I shall delve into later, for this is not my place to tell it. But tonight, the blue moon and a wishing star are to be adjacent very soon.[Chapter 2] As the clock outside strikes ten, Gepetto stops tinkering with his creation and yawns loudly. \"Come on, Simone and Cynzia.\" He says sleepily. \"Time for bed.\" A tortoise and a bulldog crawl from under the workbench and slowly make their way towards their master's bed. Simone is a male tortoise. He was afraid of a lot of things, and he is especially afraid of tea, numbers and the colour yellow. However, ever since he became Gepetto's pet, he is very loyal, and is there for him when life sometimes was too much for the eccentric inventor. Cynzia, on the other hand, is a very friendly dog, but very silly and childlike. She sniffs everything, from tea bags to robot oil. She is a tan bulldog with white patches - her most notable being a patch shaped like a crescent moon, which is part of the reason why she has been named Cynzia, the other reason being that she is like a child, and the moon represents children. I watch as Cynzia struggles onto the old man's bed whilst Simone slowly prodded into a cardboard box at the foot of Gepetto's bedside table. \"Starlight, Starbright, first star I see tonight; I wish I may, I wish I might have the wish I wish tonight.\" Gepetto closes his eyes tightly and makes a wish. I know what he wants- he wants a son ever so badly. \"I still have hope, Cynzia.\" He says to his faithful friend, who glances at him quizzically. He turns out the light and settles down to sleep, along with Simone and Cynzia. ... I am not alone. I stare at the striking eyes of a beautiful maiden. Her dress is long, and covers her feet. Her skirt is decorated with bright lights, and her bodice is crafted into swirls of copper and platinum. Her white hair tumbles down her back and hugs her neck, from which a long silver necklace is draped round her neck, with a light bulb dangling from it. Her gold and leather belt sits in bold comfort round her hips and from it hangs a rod of plaited cables. On one end is a charger input, which she plugs into the robot's nose. All at once the gold robot jerks to life, and is amazed to find that he is alive. \"I can move!\" He exclaimed. \"I can talk!\" \"Yes you can, little boy made of metal.\" She proclaims. \"Does this mean I am a real boy?\" He asks excitedly. \"No, it doesn't. In order to be a real boy, you must prove to be brave, truthful and unselfish, and I shall fully grant your father's wish. To help you on your quest, I shall provide you with a conscience.\" She turns to me. \"Do you think you will be capable of helping our young friend here become a real boy?\" She asks me, softly. I don't answer her, because I cannot- I am awestruck by her radiance and her beauty. Plus, I have always been unable to talk with my mouth. Suddenly, I feel my mouth move, almost of its own accord. I have no idea what is happening, but I find myself saying; \"Yes my lady, I shall help this young boy learn how to be good.\" She smiles at me. \"One more thing,\" and she hands me a beautiful gold wind up key. \"This enables you to walk without winding, Mr... \"I just go by Crick, Miss.\" I tell her politely. \"Very well, Mr Crick. Look after him, and remember, make wise decisions both of you!\" And with that, she disappears into the night. I look at my side where my key is and to my delight, I find that the new key she gifted me was now there, replacing my old, stiff awkward one. \"So, son,\" I say \"it's time we had a little talk.\" The robot stares at me, and then he smiles a friendly smile- one full of innocence and purity.[Chapter 3] By the time the little clockwork child has asked me 'why?' for a millionth time this night, I feel…strange- a mixture of emotions, to be precise. Emotions….that I am experiencing for the first time. Most prominently, joy and pride for caring for and mentoring an innocent little being that will soon learn the ways of the world that I have once observed. I also feel a little frustrated as he asks me so many questions, and so many 'whys' that my gears in my head and legs combined cannot keep up with his curiosity. The Blue Fairy has not only gifted me mobility, but I am also gifted to feel and experience raw emotion- an unusual gift for a being who is made of metal. But she had granted Pinocchio life, and anyone who can give the gift of life is not to be doubted. \"Well…\" I hesitate, in response to him asking the fiendishly difficult of why he is alive. \"I do not know. Life, or what I know of it, is very hard to understand.\" \"Why?\" \"It just is. You would be best to ask your father. He is no philosopher, but he has had a very good understanding of life.\" \"Who is my father? What is a father, sir?\" \"I have said you can call me 'Crick,'… son .\" I test this word carefully, and gaze up into his bright, piercing blue gaze. \"Your father…wait a moment, a father is….\" I pause, inking over the matter carefully, before I answer him. \"A father is a man who builds you, sets you up for life's hardest challenges and ensures you go to school and work hard in order to become hard working and useful in the future, once you are an adult. And as for your father, he is over in that corner.\" I nod towards the bed, where he lies fast asleep, snoring with Cynzia snuggling close to her master. \"Why isn't he alive?\" Pinocchio asks innocently. I start for a moment, and I almost feel my cogs jar out of place in shock, until I realise what he means. \"He is alive. He's just sleeping at the moment- but he will awaken when dawn comes.\" I may only be a clockwork cricket, but I know my master's comings and goings as well as Simone and Cynzia do. \"What's sleeping?\" I sigh- this is going to be a long, long night. \"Sleeping is what humans do every night, so they feel refreshed in the morning.\" I explain, but when I see him opening his mouth to ask the dreaded question again, I decide to navigate away from the matter for good. \"So, Miss Fairy,\" I ask, turning to the lovely maiden- who has since returned here, and is now standing by Gepetto's workbench- suppressing amusement at my plight. \"What exactly do I do?\" \"You shall guide young Pinocchio on his journey, Mr Crick.\" She tells me. \"It is for the sake of young Pinocchio's future that you do so.\" She turns to my newly assigned charge. \"I do have another gift to give, Pinocchio- but you must earn it first.\" She tells him, with a smile. The little gold robot's eyes flash with curiosity, and he shuffles forward expectantly. \"You must prove that you are brave, morally sagacious, and unselfish.\" The Blue Fairy informs him. \"Mr Crick will act as your conscience- he will help you learn from your mistakes, and shall you be deemed worthy, I shall change you into a real boy.\" \"A real boy- you mean it?\" Pinocchio exclaims with joy clapping his hands ecstatically- in an oddly similar way to how Gepetto claps when he has achieved a goal, or finished a new invention. \"Yes- a real boy, Pinocchio- you shall be a youth of great beauty, and combined with your moral and academic knowledge, you will go far in the world. But,\" She adds, adopting a stern, warning tone. \"…should you fail, you shall remain a little boy made of gold forever.\" \"Oh please no!\" Pinocchio exclaimed. \"I shall be ever so good, Miss Fairy! Please, please!\" \"I know you will succeed. I have faith in you,\" Smiled the fairy, benevolently. \"You will be given three chances to prove your worth, Pinocchio. Please do not waste those chances, for so few are as fortunate as thee.\" \"I wouldn't!\" Chirps the little gold boy, his heels clanking together as he jumps and dances in joy. I quickly shush him before he wakes Gepetto, Cynzia and Simone. \"So, what I have to do?\" \"Learn Pinocchio,\" the Blue Fairy informs him. \"That is all you have to do. Learn between right and wrong, and how to make decisions according to a strict moral code.\" \"Do I have to?\" He whines, and I feel alarmed at the possibility of failure being closer than I could have imagined. \"You must, or you will not become a real young boy of flesh and blood.\" The fairy tells him. \"I know you can do it, Pinocchio….\" And like that, she disappears, melting into the air that she had been standing not too long ago. ","Summary":" In a small Italian village past a dark and lonely graveyard, and resting limply on the north of the"},{"Movie":"Pinocchio","Title":"Pinocchio an New Life and New family","Author":"silvaniapmf","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12848317","Passage":"[Chapter 1] One day I was in my house wondering which fanfic would post, passed several through my head: pókemon, undertale, osomatsu san, vocaloid Despicable me ... there I remembered a Disney movie that seems that marked my childhood and that I I wanted to see it again ... yes I'm talking about Pinocchio the movie that I liked the most. and I was thinking like that, what if Geppetto adopted some younger brothers for him and lampwick to take care of? I had this idea a long time ago but I was afraid to post here, but Today I will take courage and post it here today ... but first let's the Basic 1 Lampwick is Alive and a Human Again, the Curse of Pleasure Island is no longer in him and a few other boys have returned to their family. 2 no, lampwick is not Pinocchio's brother, they are just friends and roommates but the two of a sibling relationship. 3 the names of my characters are my own, remembering Pinocchio or which Disney movie do not belong to me. 4 The story will have a little bit of theories and some characters from alternate universes. 5 The first story and the name of the children was the one I invented. 6 If you do not like the story I do not care, you can criticize me but if you criticize me a lot I will delete the fanfic and i,m will NOT continue. 7 Correct me if some words are spelled wrong. 8 My English is bad ... of course I'm Brazilian, but that does not stop me from writing in any language (Spanish, Italian, Japanese, English and Portuguese). 9 a little help from Google always works. 10 This Will be rated K+ or MA for some Inappropriate words and some things in the Future chapters 11 Geppetto will love these children equally, but there will be a few moments when he will give more attention to some of his children: Pinocchio, Lampwick, etc.[Chapter 2] It was a pleasant day in the village collidi, Children were playing, some clouds in the sky, the first breeze warning that summer was coming. He turned the page of the newspaper and saw the following news. we have a 10-year-old thief who is robbing the villagers, a few days ago he was seen stealing jewelry at a jewelry store, our delegate will decide what to do with him. Geppetto: I don,t believe that he,s so Young Pinocchio: What's wrong dad? Geppetto: Well my boy, we have a little thief in the Village.. and he is only a child. Pinocchio: but dad, There is good Children in the World right? Geppetto: yes, yes the World is Full of good persons and bad persons... But he is only a child, he might be got in some trouble. Pinocchio: Dad, What You Think lampwick is doing? They sundelly heared someone shouting Quick, cath that thief! Do not let him Scape! Geppetto: What was that!? Lampwick: Pinoke, mr Geppetto come here Quick! Pinocchio: What's wrong Lampy? Lampwick: Look, is the thief! They saw an light Brown skinned boy running With an basket of bread in his hands and some officers chasing him. Fuehehehehehe! Come get me then! He said laughing. Pinocchio: Wow, dad he is Young... An 10 years old Boy... Sundelly an reporter on TV said. We interrupted our schedule to give a word of what is happening here in the village collidi, You already know that a thief was seen stealing jewelry from a jewelry store near the bakery of Miss Martha, she did not imagine that would be the next victim of this boy, our delegate is at the police station and will say a few words about this fact that is happening here in the village. Despicable! Those are my words! I will not let this happen in our village! but I have a solution of how you can capture the thief or thieves, trap them with anything jewels, food, etc. if you can capture them, of course I will punish them, I will send them to the village orphanage, I will send them to boarding school or I will kill them in cold blood in front of everyone ... well I hope you have kept those words , and do not forget people like these do not deserve second chances. Eeermm ... well thank you very much delegate, but let's say that killing children in cold blood is a little bit too far, is not it? very well now let's talk to Miss Martha the owner of the bakery. Pinocchio: Where are you going? Lampwick: Don,t ya heared? an reward from that kid, we can be the Richest guys in the Village! Geppetto: Money is not all lampwick, learn it we can not be rich but we have happiness health and that's what matters. Lampwick: okay, i,m goin, to make an Trap for the thief, and this time It will be infalible! Hehehe! Wait and Ya Will see! Geppetto: Oh my god... He knows that his traps aways don,t work right? Pinocchio: Yeah and he knows That, but he insist to build some traps... Do you remembered the bats? Geppetto:I remember, and I also remember that we took a hard job getting all those bats out of the workshop ... it does not surprise me that his inventions do not work. Lampwick: Hey! I heared That! Pinocchio: Dad, do you think the Delegate gonna kill these kids in cold blood anyway ? Geppetto: I not know, my son, you will not ... I've never liked this Delegate and seeing children being killed ... this is a scene I would not want to see. Pinocchio: me neither father ... Look Who,s Back~. Bruno Nii San! An 9 years old Boy With light skin, Golden eyes and an messy Black hair hugged his Older brother. Finally you reached, i was worried about you, you Know that don,t you? An light skinned Girl With Black hair and Brown eyes said. Bruno: And Look What i got. He showed an basket of bread and some candies. Woooow...did you got it all that? Bruno: Yes Leon, i got it... It was an difficult Because some officers where Running after me. Bruno, we need to talk... Is Serious.. Bruno did you Know that the officers are looking for us? Listen here Bruno did you Know that if the officers cath You your brother gonna be very drepessed? Is that What you Wanna Bruno? Your brother sad as Hell? She Said With Venom in her Voice. Bruno: Of course not Amira, Of course not, you want Leon starving !? you know why I do it Amira !? Because I almost did not have a mother to teach me what is right and wrong. Amira shocked her head and feel Sorry for him: Sorry Bruno ... You're right ... I'm sorry I complained to you. Bruno: All right, Princess, but you're right about some things. Leon:Bruno Nii San can we eat now? Bruno: Yes, of course ... but I was thinking of stealing a pie and then leaving this village. Amira: Look at Bruno ONLY a pie okay, but you're going to have to promise that you'll never steal more on behalf of our friendship. Bruno:Of course princess in the name of our friendship ... The Two Hugged eachother. Leon: Hey love birds, Why do not you date soon? Look at Bruno Nii San you've known her for a long time. No Leon ! Are you crazy ?! they said blushing who not even crazy. Ayyy ... Do not be like that ... It was just a joke Let's eat soon will! Wow ... How many sweets ... It's ... I remember this one, my grandmother always made them ... the sweets with her honey were delicious. Pinocchio:Lampwick, what are you doing? Lampwick:It is a trap for thieves, if they come to eat this ... the cage will fall on them and I will catch them with ease. Pinocchio:Yeah, looks like this trap is well-engineered ... but lampy, not all your traps work, do you remember the mousetrap? Lampwick: Huh ... the mousetrap? Pinocchio:Yeah, once you hooked your finger on that mousetrap, you screamed so loud you gave the neighbors a frighten, you screamed like an goat. He said laughing while renembering this day. Lampwick:Look here doll, I did not screamed like an goat! that mousetrap was very sure .. it was so certain that my finger hurt ... but today things will be different, I will be able to capture these children. Pinocchio: is but Lampy look but even though your plans do not work you can always try again, Well Think of that maybe one day they work. Really!? thank you so much! He Said giving Pinocchio an tight but not crushing hug. Pinocchio: you're welcome lampy... Geppetto: Boys! Come here Lunch gets cold! Pinocchio: We,re going dad! Let,s go lampwick? Lampwick: Yeah, Yeah let,s go... Hey Pinoke where,s your cat? Pinocchio: i think he is Walking around the Village, you Know he aways do that. Geppetto: boys, where are You? Lampwick: We are going,! Let,s Go? Pinocchio: Yeah, let,s Go inside. Geppetto: Looks like some one is hungry eh? Lampwick: of course, makin, the trap for the thief is an Really hard work ya Know. Pinocchio: hey dad, where,s Figaro i Din,t saw him in the whole morning. Geppetto: Figaro is missing? Do not worry he might be in the Sundelly A sound of something falling is heard followed by a loud Eooow ! Geppetto: what was this!? Lampwick:Did I finally get it !? Pinocchio:I don,t now, Let's go see! they arrived and they saw Figaro stuck in the cage mewing saying that he wanted to leave there calm Figaro ... Pinocchio:no It was to arrest you It was lampwick's idea, to capture the thieves. Lampwick:Yeah, and if you do not go messing around I might have caught the thieves, you stupid cat! Meanwhile in the dark alley, Bruno Amira and Leon was Looking at the sunny Sky ( Yeah they can see but just a little glance of light) Bruno: Well... That is all for today... Leon: Hey Bruno nii san, i can go stroll a little? Bruno: Well i don,t Know Bruno... Leon: oooh Please, i will not be in mischief. Amira: okay Leon but be Back soon, and don,t let the officers cath You. Leon: okay bye Amira nee Chan, Bruno nii san bye, i,ll be right back! Lampwick: I don,t believe that your cat You messed up ! He said stomping his feet Pinocchio: It was not his fault, he must have stepped somewhere ... Sundelly they saw Leon looking everything around and everyone, he checked the things around, he was an curious boy. Lampwick: Ah, okay, wait ... what is that? Is it the thief? Pinocchio: I do not know, let's wait and see. Sundelly Bruno saw an piece of cake in a plate in an workshop. Leon: look is a cake ... wait a minute Bruno told us not to eat anything that is loose around ... but this is not ... but how about just a little ... Sundelly the Trap falled With him Inside. Leon:there is!? it's a trap!? I do not believe this! Bruno,Amira Please help me! Lampwick: Ahaha ! I got it Pinoke! I got him! Pinocchio:Are you sure lampy? He does not seem to be the thief. Leon: Bruno !? Amira !? Help! they got me ! Lampwick: stay quiet boy ... you will now be arrested for stealin, the village. Geppetto: What is going on here Lampwick? Lampwick:Mr. Geppetto, you see, you have captured the thief. Geppetto:What? Are you sure Lampwick my young man? Lampwick: Of course, yes, now let's ask a few questions ... who are you? Leon: Leon ... he said in a trembling voice. Lampwick: And what are you doin, here? Bruno: Nothing! I just want my brother here ! He started Crying Geppetto and Pinocchio feel pity for the boy and then they decided to release him but Lampwick did not like the idea. while in the dark alley, Bruno was surprised by the delay of his younger brother Leon, and went to his meeting, he only hoped nothing had happened to him. Bruno: now Amira Let,s go i think something happened to Leon! Amira: huh!? But it was only 23 minutes that he left. Bruno: but you Know how he is curious Right? Amira: Yeah, so let,s go Quick, before the officers get him! Lampwick: Come on anwser, Why are you stealin, the villagers?! Leon: Well...It,s because Bruno: Stay away from my Brother! Amira: Yeah, that,s right stay Away from him! Leon: Bruno, Amira! Lampwick: Mr Geppetto is Them the thieves! Bruno: Who are You calling thief Donkey!? Lampwick: Who are ya callin, Donkey!? Your are the one Who is stealin, the Village! Pinocchio: Lampy... Please calm down... Maybe he Can explain something for us. Geppetto: So... Why are you stealing others people Young man? Is just an We can understand You... Bruno: We don,t want anything of an old man like you! Lampwick: Hey! Quit talkin, With him like this! Bruno: oh Yeah!? And Why you traped my Brother in a cage!? Leon: Bruno... I,m Bruno: Quiet! You Will deserve an punishment an spanking. Amira: Seriously Bruno, an spanking? Bruno: Amira quiet! Let,s Go! Pinocchio: hey Wait an minute... Bruno: i said we don,t want anything from You Three! He shouted and the three kids run to the Dark Alley. Lampwick: Shit! Why you let Them Scape!? Why Just answer me! Geppetto: Lampwick Pinocchio, i Gonna have an Serious conversation With You Two. Pinocchio knew that his father was not much of giving complaints , or give a scold at them, Pinocchio knew that Geppetto was not scolding anyone, but he knew that today he would have a serious conversation with the two boys. Geppetto:Boys, do you know why he tried to steal and why his big brother is robbing the villagers? Lampwick: Because he is a thief who has to be arrested? Pinocchio: Because he have a little brother and he needs to take care of him and take care of that girl? Geppetto:that's right, look, I think this kid does not have anyone to teach him what's right and wrong for him, that's why he's like this ... Lampwick, if you called the police, would you know what was going to happen? Lampwick:the Delegate was going to kill them in cold blood in front of everyone... Geppetto: That's right, and I would never want to see this scene.. Lampwick: Ok...me neither... But Why is he...forget About it. Geppetto: Let,s end that and i will do something... But you Two need to colaborate, okay? Lampwick and Pinocchio: Ok mr. Geppetto/ Dad. Meanwhile in the dark alley. Bruno: Leon come here... He said talking off his shoes. Leon: Please brother... Sorry... Please Not Spaking... Bruno:here my lap NOW! He shouted. Amira: Obey your brother Leon... She said while not believing he will do this to Leon, Because he aways cared for his little brother. Bruno: Sorry Lil, bro... This gonna hurt most in me than You... He begins to slap his butt With the shoe. Leon: Bruno... Please stop! It,s hurting me! Please Stop! He started Crying Hardly. Amira saw tears running down Leon,s face he was Crying so hard she Din,t believed What she was seeing. Leon: Nii San... Please stop! Is hurting me! Bruno don,t Listen to Leon,s Because he was so angry that he Won,t Listen to everyone. Amira: Bruno Please Stop! Bruno sundelly stoped, he was panting Because he doed that fast, he looked at Leon Who was already Crying but in silent: Sorry Leon...he said picking his Younger brother. Sorry...i Will not do that again... He Hugged Leon and Leon hugged him Back. Leon:But Bruno ... I did not do it wrong, I was just hungry just this ... Bruno: I know we eat little, but that's no reason for you to get anything Leon, do you understand me? if they called the police, the three of us would never see each other again. Have not you understood Leon? Leon:Sorry about that, it will not happen again. Bruno: it will not happen at all, you're grounded for a month boy! Leon:One month!? Bruno:Two months, and if we talk again the months will increase now to the corner of the Darkness! He Said pointing to an dark place of the alley. Leon: alright Bruno nii-san ... he said in a sad voice. Amira: Do not you think you exaggerated Bruno? Bruno:yes..but Amira he has to learn a lesson ... Oh and you will not have candy for dessert understood !? Amira: Maybe he Can eat just Three candies. Bruno: It's okay, only Three, You understand Boy!? Leon: Yes, Bruno nii San ... I understood I will not go there again. Bruno: great, very well ... looks like we're going to stay here until ... Suddenly a thunder is heard and black clouds were coming toward the city, Lightnings were also seen. Leon: Bruno nii san ! he runs off and hugs his big brother. Bruno: Calm down, it's just a storm, soon it will pass ... Amira:But Bruno, where are we going to stay ? Bruno:I do not know Amira ... Leon: I already know where ... but you will not like it ... Back in Geppetto,s workshop. Geppetto: Here ... I know we do not know them lighter this pie for them ... Pinocchio:Do you think they'll still be there dad? Geppetto: I think Yes, son, well, lampwick, will you find the way to where they're going? Lampwick:All right, Mr. Geppetto. Very well be careful ... A loud thunder sound is heard throughout the village. Geppetto: I think it's going to rain... Quickly close the doors and windows. Lampwick:Do not worry, Mr. Geppetto, the rain will take a long time to get here. suddenly a cold wind enters the house. Lampwick: Is not it better to close the house now? He looked at Geppetto With an akward and Embarassed face. They closed every Door and Window in the workshop. Pinocchio: Dad, when This storm Will pass. Geppetto: i don,t know son, we will have to Wait until passes... Pinocchio: I,m just a little worried With that kids... Are you Too Lampy? He asked his friend and brother in law. Lampwick: Yeah..me too whatever... He said in a annoyed tone.. Geppetto: Well i,ll Will be upstairs, call me if something up okay boys? Pinocchio: okay dad... He went to the window and started looking at the rain. Lampwick: What do you have, Pinoke? some bug bite ya ? or are you scared of the rain? Pinocchio: is not it ... I wonder how those children are ... Lampwick: Are you still thinking about them !? they are thieves! they're kids lampy, just like you and me! I bet their parents must be worried ... Lampwick: but I think you're right ... but this rain is strong ... and it's falling fast ... and I'm not liking that you know? Pinocchio: uh, I thought you were not afraid of anything. Lampwick:Of course I'm afraid, I'm afraid of becoming a Donkey again, afraid to go back to the island of pleasure ... Pinocchio: Lampy is all right... Look What i am holding? He looked at Pinocchio Who was holding his hands tightly. Lampwick: My hands? Pinocchio: Yeah, hands not hooves look Lampy you are a human again, i Know that accident in pleasure Island traumatized you... But you are here With me... I,m Sorry for leaving You there. Lampwick: i was so scared pinoke! I thinked You Will never Return there to save us... Thanks for saving me... He said Hugging him With some tears in his eyes. Xxxxxx the three were running in the rain, the rain was accompanied by a strong wind with many rays, lightning and thunder, capable of leaving any child afraid. Bruno:Come on Leon, show us where it is! Leon:Calm we're almost there. Amira: It 's even better, faster Before this rain goes damp. Leon: It's here folks, we're here. Bruno:what!? This is that old man's house ! Leon: This old man has a name and his name is uuhh...i don,t Know... Amira:Ooohh, look an Workshop, Do they make toys here? Bruno:I do not know ... is there food here? Leon:I do not know, let's find out. all three knocked the door. Pinocchio:Did you hear that? Strange who could it be at that hour? Geppetto:I'll go and see who it is .. Bruno: What's the matter, do not you think we should leave? Amira:not Bruno, we'll wait here understood boy !? Leon:It's your girlfriend who's talking Bruno nii san. Amira/Bruno We are not boy/ girlfriends ! Bruno:We're just friends Keep this in your head. Amira: Leave him Bruno, he says that because he has no girlfriend. Leon:Take off what you said Now girl ! Bruno: Come on, open the door. It's cold. Amira: Atchoo ! sorry guys Leon: I hope you do not get cold Amira... Geppetto: Hello who is it... Geppetto could not believe what he saw, they were the same children as they were today, they were wet and shivering Oh my God, you are those children ... You are cold, are not you? very well enter.. he said. Stay here, I'll go find some clothes, and some towels for you to dry up, just wait a minute. He goed upstairs. Pinocchio: I keep wondering who was at the door ... you three !? Lampwick:What are ya doing here!? Bruno recognizes the boy who trapped his younger brother in a trap Bruno quickly Growled and hissed at him. Bruno: Nothing that interests you redhead! Lampwick: what!? You did not say that, you're goin, to swallow your words... Amira:Bruno stop that already, do not start a fight Please. Bruno: All right, princess, but only for what you asked. Lampwick: Princess? pfftt hehehe ... let's say we have a couple here at home ha? Pinocchio:Are you sure Lampy? I'm sure too. The Two kids blushed hard Amira/ Bruno: WE ARE NOT A COUPLE ! Lampwick:very well coming back to the topic ... what are ya doin, here? and why were ya robbingl, the village, huh? Pinocchio:enough questions ... I do not want to like asking this ... Where are your parents? these last two words reached his ears Bruno remained silent, did not say anything. Lampwick:Come on, answer! where are your parents!? Bruno:traveling ... I do not know when they will come back. Leon: Yeah my brother said they will come back on the 7th of March. Amira: Yes, that's right. Pinocchio: so it means that you will stay here until 7th of March ... Amira: No, we're gonna find a place to stay. Lampwick:And why are you stealin, people from the village, huh ?! Bruno: We need some things to eat, what you think redhead? street child life is not easy ... it is after we leave the \"pleasure Island \". Pinocchio and lampwick shooked their heads. Pinocchio: were you on the island of pleasures !? Bruno:Yes, I do not want to remember what happened there ... Lampwick: So you turn into donkeys? Bruno: no ... I do not want to talk about this ... wait there .. ah what am I doing talking to the boy who trapped my brother in a cage gwah ! he is frightened by the thunder. Leon: Bruno ... I'm afraid of thunder and you know! Bruno:ah and you think I'm not afraid of thunder as well? Amira: Who,s that shadow?! Suddenly they see a shadow coming toward the room. Bruno:Oh man, what is that !? Leon:will see is that monster from the dark alley.. Bruno: I I do not like this! Reveal yourself now haunt ! Geppetto: huh? haunt? it's just me... Pinocchio: hey Dad ... why are you in these clothes and towels? Geppetto:well they are for them ... you are soaked still ... very well why do not you go upstairs and take a shower? Leon: shower? He asked curious. Pinocchio: What was it you guys never took a shower? Amira: Yes we take ... of course rain shower ... Pinocchio:rain shower? I do not know how you can do it. Geppetto: Lampwick why do not you show me where the bathroom is? Lampwick:Okay, I'm just doin, this because you're askin, ... come on, ya three. The four kids goes upstairs in the bathroom. Pinocchio:Father ... do you think they can live here with us? Geppetto:Why are you asking this, my son? Pinocchio:Dad, I think they're orphans. Geppetto: Yeah ... I think so too ... but let's wait a little longer, son, we can not get any street children and bring them here. Lampwick: Mr. Geppetto, I already took the three of them in the bathroom ... and their reaction, it seems they never saw an rusty bath tub before... Geppetto:Lampwick, I need to talk to you ... it's a very serious matter. Lampwick:And what was it now? I did not do anythin, wrong. Pinocchio: It's no big deal, he wants to talk to us about the three kids. Geppetto: that's right, look, Pinocchio found out they're orphans, and then he asked if they could live here, what do you think of that ... better wait a little or give this news? Lampwick: you know I do not know ... the people in the village are goin to ask why we're with them here ... and the Delegate you know what he's like, right? Pinocchio: I know, but Lampy, we can not let they kill these kids in front of everyone. Lampwick: you're right ... but it does not mean that they can come here and do whatever they feel like. Geppetto: lampwick, young man why do not you give them a chance, I bet if you believe them, you're going to start getting attached to some of them. Pinocchio: Yeah, you'll be like a responsible older brother, have you thought of that? Lampwick:well ... Seriously, we've never had a girl here at home ... I hope she does not rule at all.. Pinocchio: God hear you... Some Girls are bossy... Geppetto: But I believe she is an sweetheart. Meanwhile in the bathroom Leon:Okay, I just can get out of here? Bruno: not yet, you have to count to ten. Leon:5 + 5 = 10! Ok I can go out? Amira: not we going to count to ten, okay? Leon: alright Amira nee- Chan .. Awn, but I want to get out of here. Leon: 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10 may come out. And You? Bruno: I'm leaving soon ... He lept out the Water here ... I'll dry you. He start With his hair, drying the messy wet hair of his brother. Leon:hey, not so strong ! Bruno: All right, so it's better? He started slowly and gentle. Leon:Yes such better, thank you, my brother. Amira smiled to see Bruno taking care of Leon with all the affection of the world Amira: You sure like to take care of your brother, do not you? Bruno: Of course, any older brothers would help his younger siblings. Geppetto: You Three need Help? Amira sunk on the tub to not let Geppetto saw her. Bruno: Done With your hair... Geppetto: boy Why You don,t dry your hair? Here let me Help... Bruno: n - no! Why i can,t let the Wind dry up my hair? Geppetto: Because i don,t want you to Catch an cold. Bruno struggled a little to get away but Geppetto insisted to dry his hair himself. Geppetto: Now... What you Two will dress up...? Oh i Know wait Just a minute! Geppetto: This dress is from my Mom, i it might be good in you. Amira: And for the Two right there? Geppetto: Here he showed some casual clothes to Them. Geppetto: i Will be downstairs, call me or the boys if you need Help okay? Xxxxxx Geppetto: Oh... Hi there Children... I,m picked up this book, you Know you can write and read? Bruno:There is!? What do you mean by reading books? Geppetto: you see, you have to read some books ... can you read? Bruno: Yes, just me and Amira. Geppetto:and What About you young man? Leon: I do not know how to read... They heard a chuckle from lampwick as Pinocchio told him to stop laughing and that it was not right to laugh at someone who could not read. Geppetto:do not worry you can learn here ... the book is this. Pinocchio: You want me to help you? Leon: Yes ... please ... Uhh .. Pinocchio:My name is Pinocchio and that Dumb Head that laughed at you is lampwick. Leon: my name is leon you know, that's Bruno and Amira ... they took care of me when I was 7 ... Pinocchio: I see you're lucky to have a brother who cares for you. Bruno:he's really lucky. He said Messing his Young Brother hair. Leon: Bruno nooo, You're messing with my hair ! Pinocchio:So you want me to teach you? Leon:Yes ... I want to know .. Pinocchio:All right, let's start with the basics. and Thus Pinocchio taught Leo to read, and Geppetto taught some meanings of words that Leon, Bruno, and Amira sometimes did not understand. Amira:A question, is that a music box there? she pointed to a music Box was in a table. Geppetto:Yes, I sometimes make some toys for the children of the village. Amira: It's beautiful ... pity I can not pick it up. Geppetto: if you want she can stay for you Amira. Amira: Really!? thanks! you are very kind. Geppetto:hehe, you're welcome, little girl ... Leon was looking at the cuckoo clocks and Bruno was looking at an old photo he kept. Pinocchio:Who are these? Pinocchio asked a bit curious. Lampwick: Are they your parents? in the photo there was a dark brown skinned man and an light skinned woman of loose long hair and next to Them had Two Boys one of 7 and another of 5. Pinocchio:These are you Two, are not you? Bruno: Yes ... I always remember my parents as I pass the time in the dark alley. Lampwick:so why do not you wish to an star for your parents to come back from the trip? Bruno: huh? It's not that easy redhead, They will not come back ... Pinocchio shooked his head:You mean that... Bruno: Yes they died a while ago ... Pinocchio And lampwick felt pity for Bruno, so Young, lost his parents and was living the career as an thief Pinocchio:So why don,t ya tell this to your brother? Bruno:I can not ... if I do he'll stop liking me ... and I can not lose another family member. Pinocchio placed a hand on his shoulder. Pinocchio:Do not worry, we're not going to tell him that, are not you, Lampy? Lampwick:That's right, we promise. Bruno:Thank you two, just me and Amira we know that. Pinocchio:Speaking of Amira, why do you call her a princess? Bruno: It's because she told me that Amira means princess ... and she looks like an ... Nothing! I did not say anything! he said blushing. Pinocchio:This secret is safe with us, is not it? Lampwick:Yes, the seven keys will be secure. Bruno: Please don,t talk With her that... Amira: Hi there! She wrapped her arms in his wirst. Bruno: Amira!? What,s the big idea!? Amira: Nothing i think Someone needs a hug~. Bruno: Hu- huh...th- Thank You... He Said blushing. Amira: Are You blushing? Bruno: Waah! No is just... Lampwick: Tell her... That you.. he said mocking him. Leon: Bruno nii san! He hugged his leg. Bruno: Leon! What are you doing!? Leon: Nothing i Just Think you need a hug. Bruno: Wha? ( What,s wrong With the two today) he tough. Leon: Did you forget to use your underwear.. Why? Bruno:I don,t like underwears... He Said blushing. Lampwick: that,s mean you are ppfft naked? Bruno: oh Shut up... Leon: Why you don,t wear one? Bruno: Nope... Pinocchio: But Why not? Bruno: Is none of your business, i need some privacy You Know? Lampwick: Is it because ... it hurts in that place? Bruno: What!? no! That's why I do not want to use it, dammit! Pinocchio: heh, this is a case Rare you do not like wearing underwear is it? Leon: It,s Because he likes to sleep in nude. Bruno: SHUT UP! he yelled in a girly tone. All the four kids laughed Hardly 12 minutes later. Geppetto: This is your Room, is a little messy but we can fix it tomorrow. Bruno: Thanks mr. Geppetto... Thanks for everything. Geppetto: You,re Welcome. Amira: And Thanks for the meal and the pie.. it was so sweet~. Geppetto: Is no big deal... Ok i,m gonna close the door okay? Amira: ok... Good Night. Geppetto: Good Night kids, sleep well. He said closing the door. Pinocchio: Dad they are asleep? Geppetto: Yeah, they gonna sleep soon. Lampwick: we found more things About his past. Geppetto: Really? Please tell me. Pinocchio:Well ... we find out that it's just them Bruno and Leon they're really orphans. Lampwick:Yeah, their parents died a few years ago. Geppetto:I keep wondering what we're going to do with them ... we can not tell the officers that they're here with us ... Lampwick:But I bet there were people who saw them coming in here. Geppetto:Please if anyone asks anything about them, do not say they're here, we can not let the sheriff kill them. Pinocchio:Do not worry, we will not tell anyone. Geppetto:Great ... All right, I think it's time for you two to go to bed. Pinocchio:Father, are not you going to sleep? Geppetto: ... I have something important to do ... good Night you two. he says kissing each other's forehead. Pinocchio, Lampwick:Good Night Mr. Geppetto / Father. The Two goed to their rooms, and lied on their beds. Pinocchio was wondering What his Father was going to do. Lampwick:Hey Pinoke, do ya think these kids are goin, to live here with us? Pinocchio:I do not know Lampy, until it would be nice to have them as younger brothers. Lampwick: It's .. until it would even ... Yeah. Pinocchio:but I wonder why my dad did not go to sleep today ... Lampwick: he must have important things to solve. Pinocchio:Yeah, I think you're right Lampy ... Lampwick: I like when you call me that, did you know ? He Said With an smile. Pinocchio:Really? Yeah, it was the only nickname I put on you haha.. Lampwick: I keep thinkin, ... what happened to them on the pleasure island ... I keep wonderin, . Pinocchio: it's me, even more so, that the fairy turned you into a boy again. Lampwick: I could not stand eating grass and hay again ... I keep wonderin, How the other boys are ... Pinocchio: I hope they're well ... good night, Lampy. Lampwick:good night pinoke. The Two falled asleep. In the other Room Amira And Leon was sleeping peacifully, but only Bruno was awoken. Bruno:Amira and Leon are already asleep ... why can not I sleep? he opens the bedroom window and watches the rain pouring down. Heh ... looks like I'm going to have to take care of him, Mom ... he says looking at the photo of his parents. I'm glad you taught me how to be brave, dad ... I miss You two so much... He started sobbing, Amira and Leon Din,t heard him sobbing. Bruno: I,m thirsty... I,maybe go drink some water... In the corridor... Leon: Bruno nii san? Bruno: huh? What's wrong Bruno? Leon: i Have an bad dream... Of Someone killing You and Amira...and Then i was all alone. Bruno: Oohh Bruno... That,s not gonna happen, Sorry for hitting You today. Leon: It,s okay... But i,m scared to sleep. Bruno: Maybe i sing a song for you? Leon: uuumm...i never heared you Sing. Bruno: Okay... A hem.. he starting humming in a soft way. the pink cloud is your bed curl up and close your eyes in the morning your wounds will heal if, if you come into my dreams to play with me... it's just something I thought about Pinocchio: Who is singing this song... Lampy! Lampwick: Huuumm .. What? Let me sleep... Huh? Who is singing this song? Pinocchio: i don,t Know, let,s go see. good night, good night, good night a bright star is shining.. Lampwick: no way It,s him?! Pinocchio: Wow, he Sing Well.. Lampwick: No matter... I remember This song... Pinocchio: What You mean? Lampwick: my mom aways Sing that song for me... But let hear it more. I have sleepless nights too come here into my arms we'll talk, just the two of us l if we don't have a Meeting I want to listen to you, but... Bruno: Leon? Already asleep? Leon curled in his brother body. He continued to Sing. good night, good night, good night the star has drifted away now good night, good night, good night Sundelly I'll sleep too... Pinocchio heared the song.. Small tears was in his eyes. Lampwick: Pinoke.. Please don,t cry... Small tears was in his eyes. Bruno: I,m Really miss You Two... He started Crying silently. Pinocchio: Maybe we can go there and Confort him? Lampwick: Yeah, i think you,re right.. I do not like to see anyone cryin,. Bruno Felt Someone placing a hand in his shoulders. Lampwick: You Really miss your dad and mom don,tcha? Bruno: huh!? He turned around to see Pinocchio And lampwick. Bruno: Ooh, What did You guys want? Lampwick: Nothin,... Were just heared you singing...and then you burst of tears. Pinocchio: Please don,t cry... I don,t Wanna cry to. Lampwick: Maybe we can sleep With you in your Room. Bruno: Ahaha... No Thank You.. i,m going to my Room... See? not more Crying, hehehe... Buona notte.. i,m going to put him on the bed. Pinocchio:Buona notte ... Lampwick:Buona notte ... He goed in his Room, lied on the bed, laid his head on the pillow and started sleeping. 4:57 AM There was an sound of birds and people talking,Cars in the street. Also the scent of baked bread Goed through the Window. Bruno: Okay guys... wake up, move your lazy asses come on! He shouted. Amira: Say that again and i will beat you to death. She said With venom in her Voice. Leon: Where we going? Bruno: Away, Away from this Village... Let,s go everyone is sleeping.. Amira: But Mr Geppetto and the others.. Bruno: i will write an letter... Let,s Go all. Leon: ok, Bruno... Let,s go. They goed downstairs to not wake up anyone and then, They writted the letter, and Let it in a table, they looked at the house and then closed the door without making noise. Bruno: Alright let,s go... Amira: But i will feel sorry for Them.. Leon: Me too... Bruno: guys come on,live in reality they will never adopt us.. no one will.. Greetings little Children... It Will be a pleasure capture you... An officer said. Leon: Bruno What we gonna do? Bruno: Run You Two! Amira: but What About.. Bruno: i said Run! Amira and Leon run into the east and Bruno to the North. Ignore the thief cacth the other ones now! Bruno Run at an street at the he hide in a tree, and saw the car With his Brother and Amira in. Bruno: Why i let this happen!? 7:13 AM Geppetto,s workshop (house) Geppetto waked Pinocchio And lampwick up, so he was going to wake up the other three kids. Geppetto: Good morning did You all sleep Well? He opened the door and saw no one in the Room. Geppetto: oh God, where,s that kids!? Pinocchio: Dad! We found something! Lampwick: is a letter... Let me read This. He started to read the letter Sorry for leaving,We had to flee or else you could be arrested in our place, thanks for everything but now we will run away, I do not know where but we will find a place to stay. Do not seek us out because you will never find us. signed: Bruno, Amira and Leon. Geppetto: They..goed Away...? He said worried. Pinocchio: Dad, What we gonna do!? Geppetto: let,s go find Them, They can not be far, let's go fast before the officers catch them. The three exited the house and started looking for Them, they asked a lot of people if they saw Two boys and a Girl, some people told that then run to the east or North. They decided to go in the North, They were already giving up hope until finally they found Bruno. They found Bruno in a street With an worried face. Geppetto: What,s wrong Young boy? Bruno: They taked Leon and Amira Away! Lampwick: They Who? Bruno: The officers, i was lucky to escape, but Amira and Leon did not ... I was irresponsible. Pinocchio:please do not say that .. we'll find a way to bring them back. Lampwick: but like Pinoke, they must be far away. I can help. An mature Voice of an Boy said. huh !? they turn around and see a boy with light skin and olive hair, around 28 years old. Bruno:who are you? Celso:you do not remember me? your childhood friend Celso. Bruno: Celso!? Are that Really you!? Celso:Good morning, Mr Geppetto and his two boys, I saw where the officers took the two children. Lampwick:Great you can help us ... I do not want to see him cry again. Pinocchio: Me neither... Celso: All right, I'll help you guys, let's go to the orphanage ... but beware the security there is Very Well monitored.. now Hop in here everyone were gonna find the kids. They was passing a lot of house, and streets in the automobile. Bruno: I,m Very glad that you helped us Celso. He said With an smile. Celso: You,re Welcome my boy.. You Know i work in a Bar , i,m a waiter, and i Have an wife and Two kids to raise you Know? Bruno: Sure thing time pass fast.. Pinocchio: Hey Celso, When you meet him? Lampwick: Yeah i,m curious too. Celso: Well, my dad was an sailor like Bruno,s dad the Two was Very close friends. I meet Bruno When i was an 14 years old Boy and he was just an 3 years old kid.. Well my dad is working for the Delegate... He,s not liking the idea of killing you and your friends you Know. Lampwick: but to the topic, so you meet Bruno as an baby? Celso: Yeah, i, ve met not only him but Leon too. Pinocchio: how he was like as an baby? Celso: He was sooo cute... Just an cinnamon roll. Pinocchio And lampwick chuckled at him and Geppetto was only focused on searching for the kids. Bruno blushed: okay Celso... We have heared enough let,s go find Them. Pinocchio:why do not you step on the accelerator? Celso: to step? It's for now! He stepped in the accelerator and the car goed Really fast. Pinocchio: okay, I've changed my mind ! Celso:Hang on guys, this Road is tricky... Celso: Here we reached, it was no big deal... Erm are You all ok? Bruno: Yes...he Said in a weak Voice. Celso: ok, i,m gonna talk With dad, he have the keys of the rooms... And You be Carefull With the dogs okay? Geppetto: Don,t worry will be Carefull. Celso: okay come With me... Bruno: i can,t believe it! We,re going to save Them! Pinocchio: Yeah but we have to be Carefull... You heared mr lampwick? Lampwick: Yeah of course, Why do You Think i,m goin, to cause mischief? Pinocchio: just an hunch, i Know You in the others Winters. Geppetto: You two go ahead, i need to talk With the Delegate. Xxxxxx Leon: Were here... In the orphanage.. and no one Will adopt us.. he start Crying. Amira: Shhh, Leon everything will be alright... Your brother,Mr Geppetto And the others will save us. Leon: Humm... Hey one question uhh marrie... When You was here? Marrie: When i was an 8 years old Girl now i,m 14. An Girl With golden Locks an purple dress and an dead Flower in her hair said. Leon: oh no! I want to Go home, i Want to be With my brother! I want to be With mr Geppetto the redhead and Pinocchio too... Please don,t cry boy... If You most cry, most we,re gonna be trapped here. An light skinned Boy With a messy red hair said. Yeah, Maybe your friends can help us get out of here too, i Wonder how my dad is doing. An dark Skinned girl said. Shut up! They will not going to save us, i,m already an 29 years old teenager, almost an adult, and Why the Hell nobody adopted me!? I will rot here When i become 90! Leon: Did you Think we gonna stay here until 199xxxxxxxx? Amira: What!? Leon no, i believe that they gonna save us.. After Celso talked to his dad, he gived the keys to Release the other kids and teens who were there. there are a lot of kids and Teenagers stuck here wanting to go home but the sheriff did not let anyone leave they stayed here since 1940 (Yes they are in 1969) Celso and his father told the three of them to be careful in the corridors. Celso: Here,s the keys... Please save your brother And the others kids Lampwick: Okay... Were goin,. Geppetto: just be Carefull You three. Pinocchio: Do not worry dad, we Will save those kids. The three of them went to look for Leon and Amira, in the middle of the way they heard children asking to be released, and then they released the Children and Teenagers who fled to the streets and run in their houses. Pinocchio: Did you Think they are here? Lampwick: Listen here doll, we almost freed everyone, i think they They're out there. Pinocchio: hey ... look, there's only one door that we do not open. Bruno: Leon, Amira are You Two there? Amira: Bruno? BRUNO WE ARE HERE ! Leon: BRUNO NII- SAN ! YOU CAME! Lampwick: Of course we came ... Pinoke the key fast! Pinocchio: It's okay, she's here. They can open the door and 20 children and teenagers run from the inside. Leon: Bruno ! You saved us! Bruno: not just me, but thank Lampwick and Pinocchio here. Amira: Thank you so much, you are our heroes. she says kissing lampwick and Pinocchio,s cheeks. Pinocchio;Well, you, re Welcome he said blushing. Lampwick: Yeah, we deserve this award hehehe ... the five children shared an hearted laugh but did not see that there was a shadow coming toward them. Well now if not thieves and two grafting children. Lampwick:Who are ya calling graftin,? They saw a man in a police uniform About eight feet tall. Pinocchio:Lampy better fled ... he's big. Leon:Bruno nii san ... what are we going to do? Amira: How about we leave? Bruno: good idea Amira ... ah no you will not, no, he says grabbing Pinocchio by the collar of his shirt. Pinocchio: let me go now! Lampwick:Release it now! Did not ya hear !? what we have here ... a brave boy ... very well take this thing. He throw Pinocchio on the ground. Lampwick:Pinoke ! Are ya alright? Pinocchio: Yes, Thanks lampy, but...my arm hurts a little. And You three... You come With me! He picked the three kids and goed outdoor With them. Bruno: no no! Let me go! Amira: Let us go Please! Pinocchio: Quick, let,s go after them. Leon: somebody... Please help us... The tall man brust on laughing Why do You not call a Fairy huh? Haha, Fairies don,t exist little Boy, Stop Reading those Children books hahaha! Pinocchio: Wait fairies... Of course! Lampwick: Huh, do you Want to call the Blue Fairy? Sundelly A light flashed into the room and the fairy who granted Pinocchio,s and lampwick,s his life back appeared. Pinocchio, lampwick... My boys, What i can do for You Two? Lampwick:Thank goodness, you see the delegate took those three children. but why did he do it? The Fairy asked. Pinocchio:Well there's a kid who robbed the people of the village, his name is Bruno, so he declared that he was going to capture them and kill them later. Lampwick: and we find out that he seems to be the owner of this orphanage, and lookin, at the chips he took several children and arrested them here. Such a man deserves nothing, but he deserves a lesson. The Fairy Said. Pinocchio:Can you help us? Of course, yes, I'll just have a word with him. Next we gonna kill You three in front of everyone. The three kids eyes become wattery and the worst was in their Heads. Sundelly the Fairy appeared for the three kids and the Delegate. Huh? What are You doing here? Go Away insolent woman! Oh mr Delegate, i Really, Really Pitty you... Hahaha! Why You pitty me? Huh Fairy i think your just an woman in a costume, How rude You are, You,re capturing poor inoccent child to kill Them? No Wonder Why everyone in this Town Hate You. The Fairy Said in a Serious tone. What are You talking About!? I,ll see most of people are talking About you, they are saying that you do not think of anyone, only your money that you receive that people believe is for the orphanage, but that actually the money goes to their properties. besides, many mothers are wondering what happened to their children, some do not even sleep, they do not eat, they do nothing, they cry in the corners ... and we can say the same thing about the parents of these children. The Fairy said. haha ha! this is not going to work this Little chit chat does not convince me, I will kidnap a thousand children before letting this orphanage end! now let's go outside ! Pinocchio: No, let,s go Quick! Geppetto: The Delegate captured them, we have to be Quick Matteo: Do not worry, i Can led you all there Xxxxxx Citizens of the village, I was able to capture the thieves and you know what's next? everyone knew what was going to happen, some did not want to see but others did not believe he was going to kill these children in cold blood. Very well, your last words ... I have one, where is my son? An woman said Where are our children? A man and a woman said. Young man what are you doing !? there is!? this voice ... mama !? Yes it's me! I can know why you're doing this !? but my mother is my duty ... Your duty !?You're not a warlord, release these children now! but Mom ... they are thieves. Son, you when you were their age you also stole other people's things, did you? Everyone around him was speechless when they heard this. but mom... They- Hush! You're coming home and getting punished, you're going to get an spanking! come here! she says pulling his ear. not Mom, not spanking! everyone on the street was laughing at what had happened. Mom? An blonde boy said Greetings dad. An dark Skinned Teenager said Mamma! An red haired boy said. Mother! Two kids said. All the parents and sons meet again moment. They all heared some Happy cries from the dads,moms,brothers, sisters and uncles to grandmothers Mo- mom? D- dad!? The same Teenagers from the orphanage said. My son! Glad You,re okay.. we where worried about you! An 47 years old man said. Thank goodness my son is back, do not do that again Young man! An 44 years old woman said. Big Brother! An 15 years old girl said Big bro You,re Back! An 22 years old Teenager Boy said Daddy! Two boys said Heya Mom,Dad. An Teenage Girl said. Mum! Two dark Skinned girls said. Good day, Father an light skinned Girl said. All their parents was happy to be With their beloved Children again. Pinocchio:Glad they all found their children. Geppetto:Yes, my boy, they finally meet again. Lampwick: Hey, where's Bruno, Amira and Leon? they saw, the three going away. Leon:It looks like we did a good job. Yes ... Amira: I'm glad it all came back to normal. Bruno: And now where do we go? do not know... Pinocchio:Hey! Wait! Pinocchio and lampwick came running in their direction. Bruno:Ah, hi Pinocchio and Redhead. Lampwick:Where are you going? Amira:We'll try to find a place to stay. Celso: I think you already have. Lampwick:What do you mean Celso? Celso: Mr. Geppetto, come here. He showed some type of an paper to Them. Bruno: here we inform you that the three children: Bruno, Amira and Leon have already been adopted, they will live with Mr. Geppetto, Pinocchio and Lampwick... No way! Amira:You mean that!? Geppetto: Yes, welcome to the family. Leon: thanks! You are Very kind He said huggin him. Geppetto: You,re Welcome Young man.. Pinocchio: It seems we have some younger brothers to take care of. Lampwick: Yeah i,m Think you are right.. Bruno: Thanks Celso.. Celso: No problemo boy, do you have another family im, happy for You.. my nephew. Pinocchio: Wait you are his uncle? Celso: Well heck Yeah, i,m am his uncle. Lampwick: Well, that is kin,da surprisin, Leon: Yeah i Know right? Celso: Mr Geppetto, take good care of the Three okay... If You need something call me okay? Geppetto: Okay Celso my Boy, i will take good care of Them. Sundelly an Boy With Brown hair, light skin and light blue eyes was coming in their direction. ( No jokes pls) Oh hi there Pinocchio, Lampwick. Pinocchio: oh, hi there Alexander, how are you? Alexander: I,m great Thanks... Who are They? Pinocchio: Our younger siblings Alexander. Alexander: Really? I never tough You Two will have Young siblings... Amira: uuuuh... Who are him? Lampwick: Alexander, he is an friend of me and Pinoke here. Alexander: Nice to meet you Three. Amira: Nice to meet you... Leon: Greetings and nice to meet you. Bruno: Hi there... Alexander: oh, i,m just here to say.. Thanks for rescuing my Young sister. Lampwick: You are Welcome mate. Alexander: Well, i,m going we will see you again in School. He goed in his family direction, his big brother And his little Sister Hugged him. Pinocchio: Bye Alexander... What did you think of him? Amira: oh my God he was adorable, such an educated boy. Bruno: * grumble* educated* grumble* adorable... Humph! Leon: Looks like some one is Fucked up. Bruno: oh Shut up, you are too Young to Know What that is! All they that was around chuckled. Xxxxxx Geppetto: Okay kids, Welcome to your new home. Leon: Th- Thanks... Thank You Very much. Jiminy: Hey Pinoke, he saw the Three kids With him. Who are They? He asked a bit curious. Pinocchio: Our Young siblings jiminy. Jiminy: Ooh i see.. Leon: Hey..is That an Really talking Grasshopper? Jiminy: i,m not an Grasshopper young boy i, m an cricket. Leon: oooh okay... Grasshoppers and crickets are the same to me... Bruno: Sorry for my Brother,s numbhead Please... Jiminy: It,s okay, I've gotten used to lampwick calling me a beetle. Amira: Ok, ok... Now we can just get out of here? she Say With Figaro in her arms. Lampwick: Why? Are Ya scared of him? Amira: I,m scared of every type of bugs: cockroaches,Wasps, Caterpillars , Beetles and Worms! Leon: But Din,t we eat Worms When we had nothing to eat? Amira: Shut up Bruno! Pinocchio: you eated What!? Lampwick: They said They already eated Worms gross! Bruno: Yeah... Really gross... Jiminy: let,s stop With that chit chat okay? Now i,m gonna give some advice to the three of you. after a few hours of advice, Leon was in the room looking at the stars, they were as beautiful as ever. Sundelly he saw an shooting star. Leon: NII-SAN! COME HERE QUICK! TELL THE OTHERS TO GO HERE TOO! YES THE GRASSHOPPER TOO. Bruno: What's wrong Leon? Leon: Look! Shooting stars! Amira: So beautiful... Do you Know who more is beautiful? Bruno: Wh- Who? He Said blushing. Amira: I,m not gonna Tell. She said With an moking smile Bruno:... No? Amira: Nope, tehehe... Lampwick: Young love? He whispered to Pinocchio Pinocchio: certainly. He whispered back. Jiminy: sshh! Let,s see this part.. Bruno: Okay, let,s just watch. Amira: ... It,s You. She Said smiling while blushing. Bruno: huh? Welsh... Thanks... He said blushing. Lampwick: hey love birds, Why you Two don,t Smooch? Bruno: Whaaaa!? Never! Amira: pfffissss... Never! Leon: Then You Two kiss! Pinocchio: Whaa!? He Said blushing. Lampy you- he gived an kiss in his forehead. Lampwick: hehehe..silly boy.. he said nuzzling him. Pinocchio: Lampwick stop With that! He said blushing hard. Amira: hahaha! Love, s in the Air! Lampwick: Hehehe, are you blushin hard? Pinocchio: i said stop! He yelled, his face was enterely red. Jiminy: Well Pinoke, You have three Young brothers to take care of. Pinocchio: Yeah i Know that jiminy... I think they already attached to Lampy. Bruno: Nii san! Leon: Lampy Nii san! Amira: Big Brother! Lampwick: Heh, i liked those nicknames You three put in me...( Nii san... That sounds cute) Sundelly their hear some music downstairs. Amira: Pinocchio nii san, whey,s that music? Pinocchio: i think is dad, let,s go see. Geppetto: Let,s go party, kids come on! Jiminy saw the kids enjoying the music with Geppetto. He Sighed: It looks like they're going to have a happy life here ... but I just want to know what's going to happen when they grow up ... He wissle the Melody. I think they gonna the enjoy childhood life but are some difficult things that going to happen... Thanks again blue Fairy. You,re Welcome jimuyj, i think they will be Happy with Geppetto Pinocchio and LsmpLamp. Well i,m trying to do lampwick accent.[Chapter 3] After everything returned to normal in the village collodi, Bruno, Amira and the others returned the things they stole. Of course some were grateful to have their things back, some villagers began to cling to the children, but others did not like the idea of having thieves living in the village. Some months passed and the children grew up, Pinocchio was 13 years old, Lampwick was 14 years old, Amira was 11 years old, Bruno was 12 years old and 11 years old Leon. They helped Geppetto with the wood carving, they found this job a bit boring and tiring. One day Bruno took a shoe shine job in the village, Amira helped Miss Martha with the bakery business, Pinocchio assisted his Father with the wood carving and Lampwick and Leon helped Celso with the bar. It does not mean that they would be working all their childhood, while they had free time to enjoy it all, from time to time Lampwick and the others would always do some mischief with someone from the village, They would also go out to play in the snow making snowmen , snowball fights etc. Geppetto knew that one day these kids have to go to School. Geppetto told Bruno Amira and Leon that they would study at school. Amira was glad to know that she was going to study again, she said that she had already studied before, at her school in the village of roses. Bruno and Leon did not like the idea of studying very much, but they were also curious about this school thing then it was all set, tomorrow they would go to school. 7:00 Geppetto: Amira can you go and awake your brother Please? He gonna be late for School. Amira: okay da- i mean i,m goin, Geppetto: Amira, You can call me dad if You Want okay? Amira: Okay, i,m going upstairs! She goed in lampwick,s and Pinocchio,s Room. Amira: Pinocchio Nii san? Are you awake? Lampwick: mmmm... Just gimme 7 more yours... Amira: Lampwick Let,s go, we,re going to get late for my First day at School. Lampwick: mmm, just let me sleep Please... He said in a annoyed tone. Amira: Wake up, dad is waiting for us downstairs, come on Wake up! Lampwick: You are so annoying... Amira: Lampy Nii san... MOVE YOUR LAZY BUTT COME ON! He shouted lampwick almost jumped out of his skin and above 7 feet in the bed. Lampwick: geez sis, Did ya hafta yell like that? I almost had a Heart Attack. Amira: Ooohh please, you who were sleeping a lot, ah and I heard what you said last night Lampwick:What did you hear? Yaoi phrase coming Right up. Amira: Pinocchio ... that's not how you use your tongue, I'll teach you Ahahah! Lampwick: please do not tell him I said that ! He Said blushing hard. Why will not you wake up your boyfriend? Amira blushed hard he is not my boyfriend! She yelled Well he's a boy and a friend but he's not my boyfriend! Lampwick laughed and recalled how girls can be embarrassed when they talk about boyfriends. Amira: Oh and your future boyfriend is down there waiting for you. Lampwick:what Pinocchio ... he is not my boyfriend, we are just long-time friends, keep this in your head! He Said blushing an hard tone of red. It's okay, I'll change my clothes ... and I need privacy. Amira goed at Her, Bruno and Leon,s Room. Amira: All right, I'll wake Bruno up, bye. Bruno? you are sleeping? Wake up, our first day of school is today! Bruno:Hmmm just let me sleep Amira ... I barely slept last night. Amira: Of course it was not for you to see that western movie last night, come on, Bruno wakes up! Bruno:Hmmm give me another hour Amira ... then I go to school. Amira:Bruno? Bruno wakes up! My God, you sleep like a sloth. Lampwick entered the room. Lampwicm: He woked up? Amira: not yet ... I need help to wake him up. Lampwick: Maybe I can help, look here. He showed an beetle to her. Amira:Aaaahh! lampwick this is a beetle !? You know I do not like bugs! Lampwick:Shhh watch the Master ... and learn. he puts the beetle on the bed, the beetle goes up his body and goes to the nose Bruno:Atchoo ! but what is that- BEETLE ! AAHH! GET BACK DEVIL BUG! He sees Lampwick and Amira laughing until was Rolling on the ground With tears on their eyes. Amira: Ahahah! Did you see that? I din,t not know he was afraid of beetle. Lampwick: It's hahaha, he screamed like a little girl! Bruno:What color is it? His face darkened Amira:Uh, Bruno, look, it was just a joke. Lampwick:Yeah, it was just for you to wake up faster. Bruno: What color is your blood? Lampwick: I think we better run! sounds of screams were heared in the kitchen Geppetto: What is going on up there !? do not run in the workshop! Amira:Dad help us! Bruno wants to kill us! Lampwick: Calm down brother, it was just a beetle ! Bruno: Come back here, you two ! he falls off the ladder Geppetto: Oh my God are you alright, Bruno? Bruno:Yes, father. Yes, I'm okay not need to worry. Geppetto: Great, so let's have breakfast, you're going to have to go to school today. Leon: but why dad? I already know how to read and write already. Geppetto: I know Leon, but you have to study to be someone in life, tell me what you want to be when you grow up? Pinocchio: An Wood carver just Like You. He Said in a proud Voice. Amira: An Teacher, i,m going to Teach everything to the kids and Teenagers. Leon: The Village mayor Maybe... Bruno: An Singer hehehe... Lampwick: An Normal Man. Geppetto:Great, you have bright futures on the fronts, it looks like you're going to make me proud one day. Pinocchio:of course we'll make you proud one day father. Geppetto: Of course i know that you gonna make me proud. All right, let's finish the breakfast and go upstairs. Change clothes and put on the school uniforms, the bus will be here soon. They went into the rooms to change their clothes. Leon: I'm so nervous, it's my first day of school ... Amira: I know how you feel Leon, maa do not worry I was already nervous on my first day of school, but my teacher showed me that I do not have to be nervous. Leon: It's ... I think you're right ... Bruno, Brother are you wearing underwear? Bruno: Yes, why? You're not going to think you're going to see this scene all the time okay? Leon: it's not because you said you did not like- Bruno:Leon, worry about getting ready for school, please. Leon:An question Amira , do you think we'll study in separate classrooms? Amira: I think Yes Leon, but when I was studying in my old school, the children studied together with the teenagers. Lampwick: Do ya think they are nervous about tha first day of class? Pinocchio: I think Yes, Lampy ... do you remember your first day at school? Lampwick: Yes, I was a little nervous, but it seems that the teacher show me everything in the school. Pinocchio: A hem, Very nervous You Where remember, I even had to Get in with you in the classroom. Lampwick: is and had some girls asking if we were like a couple remember? Pinocchio:Wow, I remember that, my god. It was a little embarrassing. He said blushing Lampwick:Yeah, and you turned red, I never saw you blush that way at school. Pinocchio: Yeah, Yeah wathever... He Said blushing hard. Lampwick: Look You are blushing again. Pinocchio: Stop lampwick With That! I not going to School With my face all red! He said giggling a little. Oh by the way,Uuuuh Lampy did you do your homework? Lampwick: homework? do not you know what it was? Pinocchio: uuuuh ... I think I forgot to do homework too. He Said smirking. Lampwick: haha ha! I knew you would forget to do your homework! They heared Geppetto shouting. Geppetto: Where are you Children? The School bus is already here! Pinocchio: we're going dad Waah ! they fell from the stairs and one on top of the other. Pinocchio: Ouch my back.. Bruno:Get off me, Lampy, you're heavy did you know? Lampwick: I'm not that heavy So, this is your exaggeration! Leon: can get off of me Lampy, I need to breathe! Amira:Can you all get off of me !? I need to breathe more than you! Geppetto:Are you all okay? nothing broken? nose, arms, legs? Pinocchio:No, Dad, we're fine. Geppetto: All right, let's go, the bus is waiting for you. Amira hugs Geppetto and the four boys do the same. they get on the bus, and the bus goes to Collodi School. Pinocchio: Here we are collodi School, is here When you gonna study. Leon: Wow sure is Big. Amira: it looks like my old School.. Lampwick: Do not worry, we Will show you everything in the School. Pinocchio: okay let,s go in? Bongiorno Pinoke! An Blonde boy of 14 years old said. Bongiorno to You too Lampy. An Blonde Girl of 16 years old said. ( They are twins, not Rin and Len refferences pls). Pinocchio: oh Franco and Amália Bongiorno to You Two. Amália: Uuhh Lampy did you study the math test? Lampwick: do not worry the test is TODAY ! HOW CAN I FORGET !? Franco:Did you two study for the test? Pinocchio: Uuhh it's no, Because we stay is taking care of our younger brothers. Franco: Do you have younger brothers? Pinocchio: Yes, they are there. he says pointing to the three children looking at the cloudy sky. Leon, Amira and Bruno Come here! He shouted. Leon: huh, What's wrong Pinocchio? Pinocchio: meet Amália and Franco they are our friends. Amália: oh Bongiorno to You Three. Bongiorno. the three Said in unision. Lampwick: Do you think that Teacher Gloria is going to let us study for the test? Pinocchio: I don,t Know but i hope so. Oh Candlewick and Dolly Bongiorno! An light skinned Girl With long Black brunnete hair and Deep Brown eyes said. Amira: Dolly? Ppppfftt...are these your School nicknames? Leon: Who are her? Amália: Marina, the Younger Girl in the class. Lampwick: Bongiorno Marina... Please don,t call me that again. Marina:Oh you are Bruno Leon and Amira are not you? Amira:Yes, why? Who told you about us? Marina:My dad told me that, he said he's known you guys since he was a kid, and he also helped take care of you two. Bruno:Wait there !? Are you the daughter of Celso !? Marina: Yes, he would always tell me stories of his parents and tell me the stories of the village to me. Pinocchio:who would say Celso is your father, right? Marina: It's yes and I'm lucky to have a father like him. Get out of my way now! why the most popular boy in school came! Pinocchio: Not that guy again not! Amália: did he not learn after getting almost beated to death by an 26-year-old students? Leon: Who is he? He Said curious. Lampwick: George the most annoying Boy in the School. Amira: But Why is he annoying? Pinocchio: Because he he thinks why his family is the richest in the North of Italy. George: Get out of the way Girl! he says bumping into Amira who falls to the ground, frankly, Amalia and Bruno will help her. Amália: Are you ok Amira? Bruno: Who he Thinks he is? Leon: Amira Nee Chan, are you okay? Amira:Yes, I'm fine, but why did he do that ? Lampwick: Hey! Apologize to my sister now! George:huh? Why should I apologize to a thief like her? Lampwick:because she's my sister, and you need to apologize! George:Okay, sorry for doing this! he kicks dirt and Amira's uniform gets dirty. Leon: Why did you do that to her !? George: Look, it just seems like the kids of the old man are letting thieves live with them, right? Pinocchio:Hey! do not talk about my father and my brothers like that, you understand boy !? George: Huh ... okay, I do not really care, you and your family are all the same stuff. He said walking towards the School door. Lampwick: This boy, he is on the top of my rage list.. i,m goin, to show him What i,m gonna do With him. Pinocchio: Please don,t do anything wrong Lampy Please. Lampwick: okay, but i Will warn Ya all, if that boy do anything With Ya, i Will teach him a lesson. Franco: let,s go to the Classroom? Gloria is waiting for us. In the class 10-B Gloria: Attention class, I have an announcement to give to all of you, we will have new students in the room. I hope It,s a boy, so we can play football on the school. An 9 years old Boy said Yes and we can invite him to our team. An 12 years old girl said. I hope it's a girl, so let's talk about some things. An 7 years old girl said I already know girl talk ew.. an 8 years old Boy said. Gloria: You may as well come in, say your names please. Bruno: Hi i,m Bruno. Leon: my Name,s Leon Amira: I,m Amira. Hey, are not those thieves robbing things in the village? An 17 years old Boy said. Is it really them, you came here to steal something? An 19 years old girl said. Bruno:what!? no, we took an oath that we would never steal other people's things. I Wonder if That story is real... An 23 years boy old Teenager Said. Leon: Well for your information It,s true Okey? An question, who do you live with? An 14 years old Boy said Pinocchio:They live with my father, you know that, do not you? You're lucky to live with Mr. Geppetto, he's the nicest and kindest man in the village. An 26 years old Teenager Girl said. Gloria:Well, since you've met the students, how about we welcome them? An polkka like music started to play in the Classroom Marina: Care to dance...? Leon: Well Yeah, but i don,t Know how to dance. Marina: me neither, but we can learn. Leon: Okay... Amira: Care to dance Bruno? Bruno: Nah i,m cool. Pinocchio: Go Bruno, dance With her. Lampwick: Yeah Bro, ya hafta do haf more fun ya Know? Bruno: okay but i Will warn You, i,m not a good dancer. Amira: Not worry, just Watch my Steps okay? Franco: Carefull With my foot nee Chan... Amália: Don,t worry i Will be Carefull. Pinocchio: You better Have Carefull With my foot too Lampy. Lampwick: Do not worry, i Will be Carefull. Pinocchio: you dance well You Know? Lampwick: Yeah i Know... But Look at the four. He Said pointing to Amira Bruno Leon and Marina. Pinocchio: Yeah they Look cute dancing together. Amália: You Two look cute dancing together too You Know? The Two boys blushed at the comment. Amália: I don,t Know Why You Two don,t date... Awn You Two are blushing, how cute.. Lampwick: Stop With that now Amália! He Said blushing hard. Pinocchio: Yeah you have an sick sence of humor! He Said blushing hard. George: What's happening here!? No one heared him Because the song was too high, so he turn off the radio. Marina: Hey Why You doed that!? Leon: Yeah we were having fun you Know! George:I can not believe you're doing this, you know who they are? they are thieves! they can steal your things in the blink of an eye! Gloria:George! they are my students Just like everyone here, young Man you have to know that everyone is entitled to a second chance knew? George, let's go out there. I'll have a serious talk with you. It had to be this boy to screw it all over again. An 26 years old Teenager Girl said. Franco:I'll tell you he's already at the top of my list of nasty people Lampwick: i want to slap his face so he can stop being annoying. Pinocchio: This time I agree with you Lampy, it seems he does things on purpose. Pinocchio:Yeah, I'll have to agree with you this time, Looks like he wants to cause trouble here at school. After having a very serious conversation with George, glory returns to the classroom and warns students that the test would begin. Lampwick: Professor gloria? Gloria:Yes Lampwick, young man? Lampwick: Well ... is that I did not understand the subject that we are going to study in the test, can we study a little more? Gloria:Yes lampwick, tell me what you did not understand? Lampwick: MMC, Irrational numbers, Number line ... Everything. All the students looked at lampwick With Embarassed faces. Gloria: All right, lampwick, I'm going to give you 66 minutes and the others to study okay? But when the 66 minutes pass, you're going to have to take the test okay? and for the little ones, it's going to be a test of quick knowledge. Everyone began to study, Pinocchio never saw Lampwick so dedicated and focused on studies. Before, he knew that Lampwick did not like to study seriously, But Lampwick was not he was studing hard Because he wanted to, but because he knew the test was going to be difficult. Gloria: okay Class,Everyone keep the books and the notebooks, the test will start now, 45 minutes okay? I do not want anyone asking for help from your friend's side okay? And while to you, a quick knowledge test okay? Everyone started to make the test clear that the test was difficult, everyone was focused on the test including the small ones, the math test was difficult and the Knowledge Test was easy but also a bit difficult. Lampwick ( Shit, this is a difficult question ... well the way is to do the subtraction) Gloria:very well Class the test is over, all handing over the papers now. Lampwick: what? What do you mean!? George: Did not you hear redhead are you deaf or what? pass the test now. Lampwick:Listen here You motherf- Gloria:lampwick, please do not start a fight please, if I will not call Mr. Geppetto to have a serious conversation with you. George:Ahahah! Take a red head, you're going to get a scold! Gloria:And you too George, I'll call your father if you cause trouble with the students here! George: Damn it! Gloria: Hey no cursing in my Classroom! Leon:Hey Lampy Nii-san, are you going to show us the school? Lampwick:Yeah, just wait a little bit okay? Leon:Okay, I can wait. Marina: Hey, Amira and Leon, come here. Amira:What was it Marina? Marina:Do you want to see my favorite bird Watching spot? Amira: Yes i will love it. Leon: me too, i Want to go to! Marina: Okay, so let,s go... And Bruno do you Wanna come With us? Bruno: Nah, i Will stroll a little, good bye nice bird Watching. The four kids exited the Classroom. George:Now is my chance, he says with a sly grin and a few laughs. Franco: Pinocchio, Why do not you go after him? Pinocchio:Why Frank? he's sure to be fine. Franco: Well you know why watching your siblings do not you? he says pointing at George. As he walked through the corridors of the school, he heard some students saying, \"Hey, what's he doing here?\" Is not he the thief? some students told him not to care what they said. Bruno was walking at school , he managed to make some friends a 12-year-old boy with black hair and brown eyes, his name was Lucas. a redheaded boy with green eyes he was 13 years old his name was Peter. is an 11 year old girl with black hair with oriental traces her name was Miku. Leon was a very very agitated boy and could not stay still he had a lot of energy, Leon got 7 friends in a day, will see was because of his behavior. Amira has arranged 4 friends, they invite Amira to tell some secrets and some girls' issues. Pinocchio and Lampwick had 15 friends all older at school, they were just checking to see if any of them would take his younger brothers on the wrong path. They kept walking until they reached a place that looked like a forest, had some trees, flowers and a lake ahead. Amira: wow here is very beautiful. Marina: I know, this is where I watch the birds. Leon:here does not have wild animals have? Marina:no, sometimes some monkeys, ducks and even an jaguar came here ... but also comes other animals like cats, rabbits, rats and goats. Leon: Is this a zoo or is it a school, kind of why do so many animals come here? Marina: Well, you know this one is the only natural place we have here, some students come here to play hide and seek, others to enjoy the scenery and others to ask eww.. a girl for an date . Sundelly an hummingbird passed by. Marina:Hey, is not that a hummingbird there? Leon:Where, where? Amira: there It's been a while since I've seen one of these, in my village the village of Roses had a lot of these. Leon:hey look over there an blue tit! had never seen one before ! Amira:Yes, this is a really peaceful place to stay ... Xxxxxx Peter: Bongiorno Bruno. Bruno: Bongiorno Peter. Peter: What are you doing? Bruno: Nothing, just thinking... Peter: About What? Bruno: Life style... Peter: Oooh i see.. Lucas: Hi there Peter and Bruno! Miku: Oh, Bongiorno to You Two. Peter: oh Miku and Lucas Bongiorno. Miku: Kon'nichiwa Bruno. Bruno: What did You just say!? Miku: Kon'nichiwa, is means Hello in Japan. Bruno: oh It,s okay, i Don,t undertand japanese Sorry. Miku: It,s Okay Bruno,Sore wa daijōbudesu. Lucas: Bruno What are you thinking of This School? Bruno: oh is Really Cool, i never studied in a Big School before. Peter: Of course, but have you ever met George around already? Bruno:Of course, yes, he's a boring guy, you know? Lucas:and boring boot in that, he's quarreling too, one day he's gotten some 24-year-old students. Peter:it served him Right, but it seems he did not learn anything. Miku: It,s Okay Bruno,Sore wa daijōbudesu. Lucas: Bruno What are you thinking of This School? Bruno: oh is Really Cool, i never studied in a Big School before. Peter: Of course, but have you ever met George around already? Bruno:Of course, yes, he's a boring guy, you know? Lucas:and boring boot in that, he's quarreling too, one day he's gotten some 24-year-old students. Peter:it served him Right, but it seems he did not learn anything. Miku: Hey Bruno what were you thinking, eh? Bruno: Oh, I was thinking about my mother. She was a kind woman. She was always there for me and my brother. Lucas: What do you mean, it was? Bruno you mean ... We are very sorry for this loss, Bruno. Bruno: No need, I've gotten used to it seriously, but let's stop talking about it, please? oh Miku, Ohayō! An 26 years old girl said. Miku: Hi there, Ohayō, Ohayō! Bruno: Ohayō?What does that mean? Miku: Well in Japan we Say Ohayō to eachother, it means good morning. Bruno: Oooh, okay so Ohayō means good morning... Lucas: Hey Bruno, Where,s your brothers? Bruno: Well Leon is Watching the birds With Amira And Marina, Pinocchio and Lampwick they are coming to show me the School. Lucas: Hey did you guys Wanna play rock, paper scissors? Miku: Yes desu~! Bruno: Yes dude! Peter: Yes... Whatever. Lucas: okay rock,paper, scissors go! Miku: Hey this is not an scissor! Lucas: Nope That,s an dragon.. i won! Peter: Hey That,s not fair You Know. Bruno: Okay let,s do it again... I go first. Miku: Jankenpon, go! Miku goes rock, peter scissors and Lucas Paper. Lucas: Hey that,s not... Bruno: see i won This time that,s Water i won! Peter: Makes Sense to me, you see Paper dissolves in water, everyone knows that. Bruno: Oh excuse me... I,m going. Miku: Where are you going? Bruno: To the bathroom, next time we will play. Meanwhile in the School corridor. Lampwick: Man, that test was tough... No Wonder Why i almost the whole questions. Pinocchio: Yeah, But i saw that Alexander answered all the questions, I Wonder how You Did that.. Wait a minute Alexander how did you answered all the questions correctly? Alexander: It was easy, is just remember that thing the professor told us Next class... Don,t tell me that You Two forget it? Lampwick: Welsh...Yes but that That fifteenth question was difficult to memorize. Alexander: Yeah it was an little but... He saw George in the corridor talking to Someone. What is he doing? Pinocchio: I don,t Know but Good thing it's not .. Lampwick: Hey toothpick ! What You doin, here? George: Huh? ah look only if it's not the country boy son of the wood carver.. look, at me alone I did not come to do anything ... I'm only on a mission of peace. Pinocchio:peace mission you? Do not make us laugh. Alexander:is he right, you are the student who causes most trouble here in this school. George: Please, alexandra ... you do not waste time getting involved in other people's lives, do you? Alexander: It's Alexander ! keep that in your stupid head of yours ! He yelled while his face got red of anger, he don,t liked his School nickname. Pinocchio:What were you talking to that kid huh? tell us! George: it's none of your business doll, it's nobody's business here! did you understand!? all the students who were watching the scene continued to do their thing. Leon:Thank you for taking us there, Marina. Marina: Oh, you're always invited to watch the birds. Amira:You're welcome, Marina. You're a great friend, you know? Marina: we're friends? Amira:Of course, And look, just tell Celso that we're okay. Marina:All right, Daddy's gonna like to know that you're studying at the same school as me. Amira: surely he will, incidentally what is happening there Leon ? Leon:Ah is not that boy again !? Marina:They're just looking at each other ... but it's best to stay away from him. George: Shut up your ass YOUR FATHER NEVER WANTED TO KNOW OF YOU AND SO LET YOU ALONE ! Oh, and by talking to your father ... he's in a serious relationship with my mother, and he never mentioned YOUR name ... he'll see that your dad forgot about you. he Said With an Mocking smile. Lampwick:did he? my dad...? Bruno: Hi Lampy nii san, what's going on here ... you do not look so good. Lampwick: Pinoke takes Bruno, he will not like to see what's going to happen here. Pinocchio nooded his Head: come Bruno, Amira and Leon too ... Alexander Are you coming with me okay? Lampwick: My dad? Why? Why? He Said With small tears in his eyes. George:Haha ha! What are you crying? Aww how cute you know your dad never mentioned your name and never talked about you know? Lampwick:shut up... George: and you knew he had relationships with my mother before you were even born . Lampwick: I said shut up ... Shut up! He yelled angrily. George:Oh and Before I forget, your father told me that Before you were born he already had one with my mother ... he said you were boring and nauseous when you were little did you know? he told me you were the family's shame ... You can not erase your past. Lampwick:I said STOP! SHUT THE FUCK OF YOUR MOUTH ! he said punching George's face as he fell backwards on the floor. George: hehehe ... You have not learned anything, it's not lampwick ... you're nothing your father does not care if you're alive or dead. Lampwick: Do you think you're going to hurt me like that? speaking ill of my father, my brothers? my family!? George:You really are an idiot. shut up your mouth, you hardly have any family, the only thing you have is an old man, a wooden puppet who is now a human and Three thieves, you're not worth anything lampwick. He punches the lampwick face that falls to the ground. You're a piece of stupid shit, that's what he said ... you were worthless and I see he's right. he says giving kicks and punches at Lampwick trying to defend himself as best he can, no One saw But lampwick was Crying Hardly but no sound come out of his mouth. George: Are you alone lampwick, where are your brothers? Oh yes, they fled. Lampwick: haha ... you disgust me your devil ... Your fucking ... Ah ! George:Say it again, you fool! I will hurt you more ... Bianca: Miku Quick, call the director! Miku:Yes ma,am! Milku rushes out into the director's room. George:Speak now, lampwick, what is your last wish? Lampwick: Go to hell... FREAK OF HUMANITY! George kicks Lampwick's stomach that he did not make a sound, he was broken inside he did not believe it happened at school he just wanted to die right there after he heard George talking that, despising his family and his dead mother ... he turned to see his face, he had a smile on his face. George: It seems like my work is done, time to get out of here ... stop Right there Young man! George, we're going to the board now ... you represent danger to this school ... light lampwick to the doctor, Quick! I'll let Geppetto know what happened here... George i Will call your Father now. Pinocchio and the others rushed over to lampwick Pinocchio: Lampwick ... Did You ... Lampwick !? He started panicking. Leon:What's wrong ...!? Lampy nii san ? He said With an trembling Voice. Bruno: Are you alive !? Please answer us ! He Said With tears in his eyes. Lampwick: Pinoke ... hehehe .. I,m really was an idiot, did not i? Pinocchio:do not say that Lampwick, you tried to defend us... That coward... He is not worthy even the life that lives ... Alexander: Do not worry Lampwick, help is coming. Pinocchio:Romeo ... I'm sorry for not helping you .. Lampwick: Hehe, s, Okay no problem Pinoke..nghh .. Franco: careful lampwick, you're still hurt ... come on let's help you ... Bruno: That freak... I don,t believe he doed that With you. Amira: is he going to be alright? Pinocchio: Don,t worry he Will be fine...for heavens sake... Geppetto: Lampwick!? Oh my God... What happened to You? Lampwick: It was that Freak... George he kicked and punched me... Geppetto: But What do you did This time? Lampwick: Nothing... He talked just About my dad...My dead Mother, he said awnfull things About me and my mom You Know... My dad... Abandoned me when i was 5! An 5 years old Boy! Geppetto: Oh lampwick... Please don,t cry... I,m here With You... You see me as a dad no? Don,t worry i,ll will aways be there for You and your younger sibling too okay? Lampwick: Th- Thanks... D-Dad... Pinocchio: Romeo? Oh you,re fine... I,m glad are you okay. Lampwick: Pinoke, Stop callin, me that... You Know i don,t like that Name. Pinocchio: Sorry Lampy, i Know you don,t like but Please don,t do this again, as an younger brother i was worried as sick you know... Also Amira was Very worried about You. Geppetto: Yeah Lampwick, she is Very attached to You also Bruno and Leon, Please my Boy Don,t do that again, i Will not like losing You. Sundelly Lampwick surprised Geppetto With an tightly hug, Geppetto sundelly hugged him Back. Mr Geppetto, he,s Fine... Nothing broken we have to do just an check up to see if something is alright. The nurse said. Geppetto: Okay, let,s Wait for him outside. Bruno: is he Fine!? How is he!? Is anything broken? Pinocchio: Yes he is out of trouble, We need to Wait him. Amira: Thank You my gracious God... Leon: Yeah, but i Hate that boy With all my forces... Bruno: I wish that Boy just DIE, DIE, DIE! BURN IN HELL WITH THE DEVIL! Geppetto: please Bruno don,t say That Please, don,t Wish bad things to People Because it May turn against You. Lampwick: Hi There... Sorry for letin, You worried. Leon: Glad you,re okay! Bruno: Please don,t do that again. Pinocchio: Yeah Lampy, we were very worried. Amira: Don,t stlart us to like that ever again! Sundelly they saw an Man With red hair and he was above 7 feet tall, he was Sharing some characteristics With Lampwick. Pinocchio: Hey lampwick, is that your dad over there? Lampwick: Huh?! What is he doing here? Bruno: Is he your dad? Amira: Yeah, but You Two look much alike identical. Lampwick: Don,t compare me With him! Sundelly he was Walking in their direction. Romeo! What was that about You hurtin, my son!? Lampwick: i,m hurtin, your son!? I was your son First! You cheated on my mother dad...or i can Say Marcos? Marcos: Is doens,t matter! Why You hit my son!? Verbally and pshychally!? Lampwick: What!? But he started it! He was hurtin, me First! You never cared About us You aways cared About that... Marcos: Romeo, watch your language when You talk about my wife... Your useless piece of- Lampwick: She is not your wife! Your wife was Serena my mom! And Stop callin, me that! Pinocchio: Lampy, let,s go... Do not waste your time With the man Who abandoned You and your mother. Amira:Yeah let,s go big brother Let This man there. The five Children was going to the Park. Marcos: Come back here Romeo! I don,t finished talkin, With ya! Are ya hearin, youn, Man!? Geppetto: I think we have to have an Serious conversation... Starting With your past.. i Wanna heard everything. Marcos: Why?! I don,t Wan,t to talk About my past to an Old man Like You. Geppetto: Okay, Let,s start talking With lampwick,s past, let,s TALK About that okay? Marcos: Humph, Okay but let,s be Quick, i don,t want to talk About that Boy. Amália: Lampwick!? Are you okay? What happened to You!? Lampwick: That Crap of nature did This to me. Lucas: No Way You mean... Franco: Did George doed that?! Miku: Lampy, why he doed that, Can You explain What happened? Lampwick explained the whole story of what happened, and the meeting with his father at school and what he did with him and his mother. Franco: Lampwick, looks like this was a horrible experience for you. Lucas:Yeah, we did not even know that. Lampwick: Of course not, I kept this secret with me for a long time, since I was 9 Years old. Lucas:Do you think he's going to be kicked out of school? Amália: Yes, I bet he would not come back after what he did with Lampwick. George:It seems like you did not learn your lesson. Franco:What are you doing here again? is not enough what you did with Lampwick !? Lampwick:It is! what you want? That i beat you more? George:I'm sorry but Who got beated it up It was you, you know that MY father will not make it cheap ... and I will not make it cheap for you too. He was going in Amira,s direction. Bruno: Do not go near her! Pinocchio:that's right, let's not let you hurt her. George: Back off! He Said pushing Bruno and Pinocchio Who fall in the ground Bruno: Ack! Pinocchio: youch! Amália: Do not go near her You Little shit! George: Oh Shut up You! Now i,m going to show You true.. Marcos: Youn,man let,s Go home Now! And we Will not go back her, You will be transfered for another School not this poor school here. George: Awn but i Want to beat her... Marcos: No buts, let,s Return home and tell your mother About that. George: Curses You ALL! Marina: You are an Coward! George: Shut up your stupid Girl! Marcos: Let,s go home... He turns to lampwick and You! Do not Approach my son ever again You heared boy!? Lampwick gritted his teeth and Growled at his \"Dad\". They saw the Two going away from the School and When They dissapeared they cheered. Miku: Finally peace! Franco: Thank goodness That Boy is going Away! Amália: Yeah is That not great lampwick? Lampwick: Yeah...great... Sundelly he started to feeling dizy and his vision got Blurry. Pinocchio: Lampy? Are you alright? Lampwick: YEAH...I,m . . Sundelly Lampwick fainted on the ground. Bruno: Lampwick!? Are you Okay!? He not Answered Nothing, Pinocchio and the others starting to panick. Xxxxxx Sundelly Lampwick awoke, he rubbed his Blurry eyes and looked around, and saw that he was nothing less than in his room. Lampwick: Uuuuh ... I'm in my room ? but how? Leon entered lampwick,s and Pinocchio,s Room. Leon: Lampy Nii San? Are you alright? Lampwick:Yes, I'm fine. What happened? I felt dizzy ... Pinocchio:You fainted lampwick, It must be because of this day today, much has happened to you. Geppetto: Here lampwick my young ... this will make you feel better. Lampwick:Thank you ... but what time is it? For how long did I sleep? Amira:well Lampwick Nii San, it's 9 o'clock at night, you slept a lot. Lampwick: 9 o'clock!? Why did not you wake me up !? Bruno:Why? But we decided it was best to let you sleep ... Lampwick:All right, I just can not believe that the bastard of my \"father\" is now father of that Boy ... Bruno:Lampwick Nii San forget it, you said he was never there for you, is not it? Lampwick: Yeah, but I'll say somethin, I'll never forgive him after what he did to my mother. Pinocchio: Please Lampy forget that, let,s go downstairs... You Must be hungry let,s go. Xxxxxx Geppetto: Good Night kids, if You need something i Will be downstairs okay? Leon: Okay, good Night Dad... Bruno: i can,t sleep... Amira: Me neither. Pinocchio: Why You Two don,t count sheeps? Bruno: Well i like to count cats... Let,s see one cat... Sundelly he falled at sleep. Pinocchio: Did you see that? he falled at sleep quickly. Amira: i Will try too... one cat... She falled asleep. Leon: one cat.. he falled asleep quickly. Lampwick: You can tell that this first cat can not jump over the fence. Pinocchio: Tehehe...Good Night lampwick. Lampwick: Good Night to You Two Pinoke.. The five kids fell asleep there was an pleasant breese in the Village that went into their room. Xxxxxx 2:45 Am Lampwick was groaning and turning on the bed, he was starting to have a nightmare. In the nightmare showed Lampwick when he was 5 years old in a room with his Mother Serena. Serena had brown eyes and black hair, was a beautiful woman. Serena: Well, lampwick, tell me how was your day at school? Lampwick:was cool Mom, we went for a walk on the beach, It was really cool. Serena: ah so that's why you have your hair wet .. hehehe ... looks like you had fun did not you? Lampwick:Yes Mom, I had a lot of fun, ah and I made this necklace for ya ... He handed an pearl necklace for her. Lampwick: My Teacher helped me.. Serena:Thank you, my son ... can we expect your father to be all right? And you can .. Lampwick:No, Mom, I do not want Daddy to come here ... Serena:Why not my son? Did he do something to you? Lampwick: He ... he ... hit me, and he cursed me with strange names Mom.. He started to cry Serena:Oohh my little Lampy... do not worry your mother will always protect you. Suddenly two unknown men entered the room. Serena: What do you want here !? quick to take the child ! Lampwick: Mom! do not let them take me ! Serena:Let go of my son now ! she struggled to succor her son. Keep quiet ... we will not do you any harm ... Lampwick: Mama ... Mama ? Do not worry we will not do anything to her .. suddenly he hears some shots. You idiot what you did !? I shot her like you asked. I told you to scare her only ! Let's get out of here fast ! Lampwick run upstairs quickly With tears in his eyes. Lampwick: Mom! Mom!? wake up please ... can you hear me? Serena:Escape ... my little boy ... Please fast before your father arrives .. Marcos:what's goin, on here-? lampwick what did you do? Lampwick:nothing daddy, two men came ... they got me and .. Marcos:You killed your own mother and your sister too! Lampwick: My sister? You mean... Marcos: Lampwick ... your murderer ! Lampwick ran down the stairs and ran away from home, he listened to his father screaming murderer in the middle of the street, suddenly several people started to throw things at him, he ran away, never to be seen by anyone else. Suddenly a hop from a dream he realized he was in his room. Lampwick:I'm in my room ... but like me ... I'd better get down ... He goed downstairs and saw everyone Crying. Lampwick:Good morning, what are you Crying? Bruno:what are you doing here? Lampwick:What do you mean what am I doing here? I live here do not remember? Leon: Lampy Nii-san How can you !? Lampwick: What do you mean by that!? Bruno:You're a murderer ! you let Amira die in the hands of those ... Demon ! Lampwick: what!? I did not ... but what's happening? Geppetto: Lampwick, your father was right, you're no good, know that I took pity on you and brought you here ... but now I see who you really are. Lampwick:You do not understand ... what I'm not a murderer ! Pinocchio:Tell Bruno this, you're not fit to live here anymore ... Get out of my dad,s Workshop now, and never come back here. Lampwick:but... Geppetto:Did not you hear my son !? Get out of here! Lampwick:I ... HATE you with all my might ! He run out of the house Crying hard, It's not possible, this is just a bad dream ... a bad dream .. Marcos: and you will never wake up ... he turns and sees his father and George heading towards him. Lampwick: no ... please do not kill me ... please No ... No ! Pinocchio: Lampwick! Please wake up! Amira: Lampwick, Wake up Please you,re okay! Lampwick: What!? Happened here!? Pinocchio: Do you haved an nightmare? Lampwick: Ye- Yes... Sorry for walking you all. Pinocchio: What's happened in your nightmare? Lampwick: I don,t want to remember! Sundelly Pinocchio haved an idea. Pinocchio: Amira do you know how to play an flute? Amira: Well... yes a little Why? Pinocchio: i Have an idea, the flute is on the Kitchen, a table go. Amira: okay i,m going! Lampwick: Pinoke What are you gonna do? Pinocchio: Just relax there... Okay? Bruno: Pinocchio Nii san... What are you gonna do? He whispered to him. Leon: Yeah i also Wanna Know. He whispered to him too. Pinocchio: Guys...I gonna Sing for him, an old lullaby that my dad aways singed for me okay? He whispered to the too. Leon: You...sing? Pinocchio nooded while smiling. Bruno: i never heared you Sing before. Amira: I got it! Now What? Pinocchio:Listen just Amira. He Hummed an little to Amira play in ritmm. Amira: Okay... 1,2,3... She beguns to play. Pinocchio: Won't you play the music so the cradle can rock To a lullaby in ragtime Sleepy hands are creeping to the end of the clock Play a lullaby in ragtime You can tell the sandman is on his way By the way That they play As still, as the trill, of a thrush, in a twilight high Lampwick was Looking at Pinocchio, he was Really singing to him sleep? Only his Mother aways sang for him, He never heared him sing before, his Voice was gentle and soft, sundelly he Fell a little sleepy. So you can hear the:- Rhythm of the ripples on the side of the boat. Bruno: Brother...? Are you sleeping? He looked at Bruno wo was sleeping With his head on his shoulder. As you sail away to dreamland High above the moon you hear a silvery note As the sandman takes your hand So rock-a-by my baby Don't you cry my baby Sleepy-time is nigh Won't you rock me to a ragtime lullaby So rock-a-by my baby Don't you cry my baby Sleepy-time is nigh Won't you rock me to a ragtime lullaby. Pinocchio looked at lampwick Who was sleeping peacifully now. Pinocchio: Great he falled asleep... Great job Amira. Amira: Thank You...she Said yawning. Bruno, Lampwick and Leon was sleeping peacifully in their beds. Pinocchio: Well i think is time to sleep? Amira: We are going to sleep With him? Pinocchio: Yeah, he need to be With us a little...so let,s go. He said yawning. 6:45 Am Lampwick: mmmm...huh What,s..? He looked at Pinocchio, Who was sleeping With him in his bed, and Bruno, Amira and Leon Who was sleeping in Pinocchio,s bed. He was asking What happened but sundelly he remembered the song that Pinocchio sang for him, he looked at Them one more time and goed to sleep a little more. 08:56 The kids where asleep, sundelly an flash of light goed through the Room. Pinocchio: humm? Huh is already morning? He said rubbing his eyes, What time is it? He looked at the clock who was marking 8:56 almost 9:00. Well...i think...Wait today is... Guys Wake up Quick! Amira: What, When Who? Huh... Oh time to go to School Right? Pinocchio: Is almost 9:00, let,s wake up Quick. Lampwick: What!? He said yelling while rubbing his eyes. Leon: mmmm.. Okay Okay i,m going... Bruno: Okay let,s wake up... They ran to get ready to go to school, when they went down the stairs they fell on each other again, Geppetto said that the bus was already gone to School, but he said that Celso was waiting for them to give a ride. so after they ate breakfast they rushed to Celso's house and agreed to give them a ride. Soon They Finally reached in the collodi school Lampwick: Quick! We're late! Pinocchio: i Wonder if You Three doed the homework. Amira: Yes, yes but let,s go Quick! Gloria: okay Miku is here... Lampwick, Pinocchio, Bruno, Amira and Leon? They opened the door and entered the Classroom, they were panting like Crazy. Pinocchio: Present! He shouted Scaring almost everyone in the classroom. Bruno: Good morning... Gwah! He said falling on the ground Because of the fadigue. Gloria: oh my... Looks Like Someone is a little late. She said smirking a little Lampwick: Yeah, but... He catches his breath we reached. Lucas: You all are late dude! Leon: Sorry...is not going to happen again... Gloria: okay...now class i Have an Important annoucement.. Miku: And what is Sensei? Gloria: Now,now i gonna say that George... Again talking About that Boy!? An 17 years old Teenager Boy said. Gloria: Wait a little, well well you all already know what he did with Lampwick, did You? All students in the class noded yes. Gloria: Well it seems that he is not going to study here anymore, other children and teenagers who spoke that he beat cursing them also appeared. Amália:So you mean ... Gloria:Yes he was transferred to another school, he will no longer study here. Some students sighed in relief and others celebrated with the news Gloria: Well so Now let,s make an celebration. Amira: What gonna be an party? Milena: An visit to the museum? Leon: Not class today? Gloria: No let,s study math! How cool is that? All the students shouted oh Man! And others shouted aaaawnnn noo! Gloria: Please just this day, I'll let you all celebrate here in the room ... oh and the next homework is ... write a song and come and sing here in front of everyone. Some students liked the idea others did not. Lampwick: hey Pinoke Maybe you can do it. Bruno: YEAH you Sing Well you know? Pinocchio: Yeah but You also sing Well. Amira: Well me too... A little Leon: I,m a la bit out of tune when it comes to music. Axelander: Me too high five! The Two high fived. Gloria: please, this is not a competition, it's just for you to have fun ... okay let's start the class the square root of Ten is ... and so everything Return to normal in the School and George got out of the School and they can leave in peace again, Lampwick not liked When he and his Father meet, but the things goed out fine for the Geppetto Family ( Get used to that Name, is this will be how they will be recognized.) ","Summary":" One day I was in my house wondering which fanfic would post, passed several through my head: pókemo"},{"Movie":"A Monster in Paris Un monstre à Pa...","Title":"The Flea and the Blind Girl","Author":"albinotanuki","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13060136","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Paris, France in Spring of 1911; a year after the flooding of the Seine River. Francoeur had become a regular at L'Oiseau Rare, often singing and playing the guitar along side Lucile, the Angel of Montemartre. Emile had proposed to Maud Lucille and Raoul had been dating since they confessed their love for each other. Everything seemed to have been going well for everyone. Lucille and Francour were making their rounds at the market. Lucille picked out some lavender ad held them over to Francour. \"What do you think of these?\" Francour took a smell of the flowers and started feeling a little dizzy. \"You're right. Too strong.\" said Lucille, \"Perhaps hydrangeas are better decoration for the wedding.\" As Lucille was about to pick out the flowers, a delivery truck pulled by and out popped Raoul to greet her with some flowers of his own. \"Lucille. How is my angel doing?\" \"Raoul!\" said Lucille, running up to him and throwing her arms around him, \"I see you're wearing a new straw coat.\" \"It's not straw!\" said Raoul, \"It's alfalfa this time.\" Lucille giggled and the both of them kissed. Francoeur watched the both of them. They seemed so happy together, yet somehow, Francoeur's smile started to disappear and he didn't know why. He was already familiar with the concept of \"love\" seeing Raoul and Lucille kiss before, but this was the first time that he started to feel a bit of melancholy because of it. After kissing, Lucille looked over at Francoeur and saw the subtle frown on his face. \"Francoeur, what's wrong?\" Francoeur chirped a sigh. Even if he had the ability to tell her, he didn't want to burden her with his sadness. Lucille took one of Francoeur's four arms. \"Come on, lets go home.\" she said before turning to Raoul, \"I'll see you later!\" As Lucille lead Francoeur, he caught a glimpse of his reflection in a window. His large yellow eyes stared back at him. He looked at his blue face and tall stature. People have seen him as a monster; a thing that shouldn't even exist and he knew this. Even the guests at L'Oiseau Rare were rather frightened of his appearance. It was then he realized that the same happiness he saw in Emile and Maud and Raoul and Lucille could never be his. Francoeur closed his eyes and let out a sad chirp.[Chapter 2] A young girl sat uncomfortably across from her rich aunt in a black taxi. Her Wedgewood blue eyes stared into nothingness; the only thing she had ever known. Her aunt looked over at her. \"I can't believe you came on the train all by yourself. I could've sworn you would've come with an escort of some sort.\" \"Auntie, I'm fine. I'm use to coming by myself wherever I go.\" \"But that was the country side, Adeline. The city is much more dangerous for someone like you.\" \"Auntie, I'll be fine. I can take care of myself.\" said Adeline. \"Now don't give me that.\" said her aunt, \"I promised your late mother I would look after you if anything happened.\" Adeline sighed. She knew her aunt meant well, but she was eighteen-years-old and didn't want to be treated like a child, even if she was blind. The taxi pulled over to a large rowhouse. Adeline's aunt stepped out of the taxi and held onto her niece's hand. \"Be careful; it's a large step.\" \"Auntie, I've got this.\" Adeline grabbed her cane, reached it down to the ground, and stepped out. Her aunt Rushed over and pulled her towards her side. \"You almost got your foot caught in a crack.\" \"Auntie, I'm fine! I don't need you hovering over me!\" Adeline sighed. \"I'm sorry. Let's just go inside.\" Her aunt nodded and she lead her inside the house.[Chapter 3] Adeline was going crazy. She had only been with her aunt for a few days, yet she was constantly babying her. As if eating foie gras and wearing tight corsets every day wasn't bad enough; her aunt was controlling every bit of her life. Adeline needed a break. One night, Adeline decided to sneak out of the house. It was late out, when most people were at home or out getting drunk. Not many lights were out, but that didn't bother Adeline in the slightest. She started tapping her cane on the pavement and walked along the street. Meanwhile at L'Oiseau Rare, Lucille and Franoeur had just finished a long night of singing and dancing. Francoeur's lungs were filled with smoke from all the cigars the guests were smoking. Lucille went over to Francoeur as he began to cough. \"Oh you poor dear.\" said Lucille, \"Why don't you go outside and get some fresh air?\" Francoeur nodded. \"Alright. Just come back in 15 minutes.\" Francoeur went out in the back alleyway near Francoeur Street, where he had received his name. As he cleared his lungs, something caught Francoeur's eye. It was a human girl holding some sort of curved stick tapping it on the ground. Francoeur had never seen this kind of behavior in a human before; it peaked his curiosity. As Adeline walked, she started to sense that someone was watching her. She had heard stories of people getting robbed or murdered in the streets, but it never came across her mind that someone would be after her until now. She held her cane defensively. \"Is someone there?!\" Francoeur stepped back as the girl turned her head towards him. It was strange; she didn't react the same way most humans would after seeing a giant flea in a white coat. After staring into nothing, trying to listen for sound, she shrugged it off and continued on her way. Francoeur watched as the strange girl walk off. He had never seen a human act in such a strange manner before. Out of curiosity, he decided to silently follow her. As Adeline walked, she could sense that strange presence. It didn't seem to want to hurt her, yet at the same time, it gave her unease. All of a sudden, she heard footsteps step in front of her. \"Well, well.\" said a sinister voice, \"What's a thing like you doing out on the streets alone?\" Adeline gasped. Was this the presence that was following her? She grasped her cane defensively. As Francoeur caught up with her, he saw a dark dressed man holding a knife out at the girl. \"You're a pretty little thing.\" said the man, \"It's be a shame if anything were to happen to you.\" Francoeur gasped. He knew that this man was going to hurt her. He had to do something. Francoeur then jumped over in front of the man, towering over him. The man gasped, seeing the large figure staring back at him with glowing yellow eyes. The man stepped back before running away screaming. Adeline knew there was another presence in front of her, but not the man who tried to hurt her. This almost seemed like some sort of guardian angel that had just dropped from the heaven. \"W-Who?\" Francoeur turned around and looked down at the girl. She was indeed a pretty little thing with honey colored hair and the most unusual blue eyes he had ever seen. Adeline awkwardly brushed her hair back, waiting for a response. When none came, she decided to speak. \"Thank you for saving me.\" she said, \"I'm Adeline. What's your name?\" Franoeur was nervous, only responding with a chirp. Adeline was confused. Did her savior just chirp? The thought came to her that, perhaps, he was mute. \"I'm sorry. she said, before pausing, \"No. I shouldn't feel sorry; I've been too use to that from everyone else. I don't want to burden you with that.\" Adeline smiled a little. \"I guess I probably shouldn't have snuck out so late at night alone. I've forgotten how to get back home though.\" Francoeur looked down at her. Why did people feel sorry for her? Whatever the reason, it must've been why she needed that stick. He stood there thinking for a moment. Perhaps she would like a visit to L'Oiseau Rare to cheer her up before she went home. He then reached out to her. Adeline blushed as she felt a large, gloved hand touch hers. It seemed he was offering to take her some place. \"Oh. Merci.\" she said, deciding to trust the stranger. Francoeur started leading Adeline down the street. Adeline held onto Francoeur's arm. It was strange; it had felt rather thin and spiny underneath the thick white coat, yet she didn't want to be rude and say anything to insult him, so she just let him lead her wherever he was taking her. Francoeur then lead Adeline over to the back door of L'Oiseau Rare, where Lucille came to greet him. \"Francoeur! You're back!\" said Lucille, \"I opened up some windows and was able to get most of the smoke out.\" Lucille look over at Adeline. \"I see you've made a new friend.\" \"Oh, forgive me.\" said Adeline, \"My name is Adeline. I just moved here from the country side and I didn't know my way around Paris, so your friend lead me here.\" \"I understand. I'm Lucille. Francoeur and I sing at the cabaret.\" \"Sing?\" said Adeline in confusion, \"I thought he couldn't talk.\" \"He can't, but he can sing AND play the guitar.\" said Lucille. Adeline didn't quite understand, but she was curious about Francoeur's music abilities. \"I'd like to hear.\" she said. \"Certainly.\" said Lucille, \"Francoeur, get your guitar for her and lets sing.\" 'Francoeur.' thought Adeline, 'That's a nice name.' Lucille took Adeline's hand and lead her over to a comfy chair. After sitting her down, Francoeur came back with his guitar. Francoeur began to play his guitar and he and Lucille began to sing their most popular song, Le Seine . Adeline listened intently. They were both good singers, but it was Francoeur's voice that stuck out to her the most. His voice had a satin-like quality to it. High and gentle; a bit feminine, but not to his detriment. Paired with the guitar, it was the most beautiful sound she had ever heard. When they finished, Adeline clapped. \"That was wonderful. Francoeur, you were especially good.\" Francoeur smiled. He liked it when people complimented his singing; it made him feel more appreciated and less shunned. \"I should be getting home. My aunt will worry if I don't return.\" said Adeline. \"Francoeur, could you escort Adeline back home?\" asked Lucille. Francoeur nodded. He took Adeline's hand and started leading her. Francoeur lead Adeline home. She turned to him. \"Thank you for everything.\" she said. Francoeur nodded, chirping happily. He let go of her hand and then jumped away. As Adeline stood there in confusion, her aunt opened the door. \"Adeline! What are you doing outside? It's dangerous to be alone out at night. Come on.\" Adeline's aunt lead her inside the house.[Chapter 4] Adeline and her aunt sat outside a cafe drinking coffee and eating macarons. \"Drink your coffee before it gets cold, Adeline.\" said her aunt. \"It's a little strong for me.\" said Adeline. \"I can't believe you snuck out at night all alone.\" said her aunt, \"You could've gotten yourself killed.\" \"I almost did.\"said Adeline, \"But someone saved me. His name is Francoeur and he works at one of the cabarets on Montmartre.\" \"Not Moulin Rouge.\" said her aunt, terrified at the thought of her going to a risque cabaret. \"No.\" said Adeline, \"I think it was L'Oiseau Rare.\" Stunned, her aunt dropped her teaspoon, making a loud ping. \"Is something the matter?\" asked Adeline. \"You shouldn't go to that place ever again, Adeline.\" \"Why?\" she asked in confusion. \"Last year, there were reports of a monster roaming the streets of Paris. Now he lives at L'Oiseau Rare.\" Adeline's eyes widened in realization. The thin, spiny arms, the chirping, the robber running away when Francoeur appeared in front of him; it all made sense now. \"Francoeur is no monster, Auntie.\" \"Adeline, he's a giant flea. You know what fleas do? Drink blood. I can't bare the thought of him draining the life out of you with no moment's notice.\" \"He wouldn't do that.\" \"You don't know that, Adeline.\" \"Yes I do! You just want to control every part of my life like you always do!\" Adeline grabbed her cane, got up, and started walking away, crossing. Her aunt tried to catch up with her, but she was blocked by a speeding truck and before she knew it, her niece had disappeared.[Chapter 5] Francoeur couldn't stop thinking about Adeline since that night. Lucille had explained to Francoeur about her blindness and what that meant. Francoeur then decided to do something nice for Adeline, so he went to one of the public gardens and started picking some fragrant flowers. As he picked the flowers, he noticed Adeline walking down the street. For some reason, she looked mad and was cursing under her breath. Francoeur decided to walk over to her and see what as going on. He stepped in front of her and Adeline's cane hit against his foot. \"Oh. Excuse em moi, monsieur.\" said Adeline. Francoeur chirped. \"Francoeur!\" said Adeline, \"I didn't know it was you.\" Francoeur took Adeline's hand and handed her the flowers. \"For me? Merci.\" Adeline took a sniff of the flowers, \"They smell wonderful.\" Francoeur smiled a toothy grin. Adeline then sighed. \"Forgive me. My aunt says that I shouldn't see you. She thinks that you might try to drain my blood.\" Francoeur chirped in confusion. \"It's not you're fault.\" said Adeline, \"My aunt thinks that, just because I'm blind, I can't take care of myself. Most people do. It's so frustrating. They treat me as if I were a child. Sometimes I just wanna-\" Adeline began to cry. Francoeur looked down at Adeline, feeling sorry that other people treated her differently. Francoeur wrapped his arms around Adeline and began to sing to her. Adeline started to calm down. \"Forgive me. I know that was childish of me.\" said Adeline, \"You know, maybe you can meet my aunt; maybe then she'll see you're not bad.\" At that moment, Inspector Pate came over. \"Mademoiselle Adeline, I'm Inspector Pate. Your aunt has been looking for you and I'm here to take you back to her.\" He then turned to Francoeur and pulled out a ticket, \"Also, Monsieur Francoeur, you're fined for picking flowers from a public garden.\" Inspector Pate gave Francoeur the ticket before taking Adeline with him. \"We'll meet again, Francoeur;\" said Adeline, \"I promise.\" Francoeur was less concerned about the ticket as he was about Adeline. He certainly hoped he'll meet up with her again.[Chapter 6] Days had passed. Adeline thought about Francoeur and her promise she made to him. She decided that she would invite him over for some tea at her house. She sent a messenger boy over to L'Oiseau Rare with the address to her house and an allowance to bring another guest with him if he wanted. Francoeur was more than delighted to receive an invite from Adeline. He decided to bring Lucille along with him, since she was the first friend he had ever made and she could talk for him. Francoeur got on his best suit. \"You look good.\" said Lucille, \"Of course, I don't think Adeline would care much about what you're wearing, but it's nice you got yourself dressed up.\" Lucille took Francoeur's hand and lead him out the door. Adeline got everything ready for the tea party. She had laid out some biscuits and strawberry jam for her guests and dressed modestly. She heard the doorbell ring and went to greet her guests. \"Bonjour.\" Adeline smiled. \"Bonjour.\" said Lucille, \"Francoeur and I received your message.\" \"Come on in. My aunt will be joining us shortly.\" They went inside the house. The three of them sat down near the tea table. Adeline grabbed a tea cup and poured some tea for Francoeur and Lucille. \"It's so nice to have you two over. I was worried my aunt would say no to having you hear, but I convinced her to give you a chance. So how did you two meet?\" \"Well, Francoeur showed up one night behind the L'Oiseau Rare building.\" said Lucille, \"I'll admit, I was scared when I first saw him, but then I heard him sing and I knew then he wasn't a monster.\" Francoeur was half listening to the conversation and half looking at Adeline. She looked quite lovely in her white dress, like an angel. He didn't know what it was about her, but he was quite drawn to her. As he stared, he subconsciously was spreading jam on some biscuits and shoving it in his face. \"Francoeur, don't eat all the biscuits and jam!\" said Lucille. \"It's alright. There's more where that came from.\" As Adeline got up, her face began to flush. It didn't take long for her head to start spinning and for her to start to fall. Francoeur gasped. He ran over to Adeline and caught her before she fell to the floor. Francoeur's face blushed as he looked down at her. The jam that was on his face started to drip down onto Adeline's neck. At that moment, Adeline's aunt walked in. \"Sorry I'm late. You know how long it takes for me to freshen up.\" Her aunt stopped. Eyes widened as she saw the giant flea holding Adeline with a red substance on her neck and on the flea's mouth. Adeline's aunt screamed and so did Francoeur. Her aunt went up, grabbed Adeline from Francoeur's arms, and slapped Francoeur across the face. \"Get out!\" \"Madame, this all just a misunderstanding.\" said Lucille. \"I said get out!\" Adeline's aunt shoved Lucille and Francoeur out of the house and slammed the door. Lucille looked up at Francoeur, who placed his hand on the cheek that Adeline's aunt struck. Lucille took Francoeur's hand. \"It's not your fault, Francoeur. Sometimes people only see what's on the surface.\" Francoeur chirped sadly. \"Come on, let's go home.\" Lucille lead Francoeur away from Adeline's house.[Chapter 7] Francoeur looked at himself in the vanity mirror of his dressing room. He placed a mask on his blue face, hoping it would hide his sadness, but he knew no matter how much he tried, he couldn't hide the fact that he was an abnormality. He took off his mask and sighed. At that moment, Lucille barged in. \"Francoeur, you have a visitor.\" Francoeur turned around and, to his surprise, it was Adeline's aunt. \"Monsieur Francoeur, I owe you an apology.\" she said, \"I should've known that red substance on your face was strawberry jam. I came because Adeline has rheumatic fever.\" Francoeur gasped. He was already familiar with the concept of illness and he worried the worst. \"Adeline has been asking for you at the hospital.\" said Adeline's aunt, \"I think you should go to her.\" This was a shocking surprise. The same woman who slapped Francoeur across the face because she thought he was draining her niece's blood was now asking for him to go see her at the hospital. Francoeur nodded, accepting to go to Adeline. An hour later, Francoeur had arrived at the hospital. The nurse went over to Adeline's room. \"Adeline, a Monsieur Francoeur is here to see you.\" Francoeur walked in the room. Adeline laid there in bed. She was as white as the sheets that covered her. Francoeur went over to her side. \"Francoeur, is that you?\" asked Adeline. Francoeur chirped as if to say \"yes\". Then he wrapped his hands around her's. \"I'm so glad you came.\" Adeline smiled, reached her hands up, and touched Francoeur's smooth, heart-shaped face and jagged mandibles. \"You know what I like about you, Francoeur?\" asked Adeline, \"You don't see me as different from anybody else... will you sing for me? Francoeur blushed, then smiled as began to sing. His soothing voice was just what Adeline needed to ease the pain from her illness.[Chapter 8] Francoeur visited Adeline every day. Although he didn't talk, Adeline enjoyed his company. Adeline's strength began to return. She didn't know if it was the medicine the doctors gave her that cured her or Francoeur's visits that cheered her up, but she was glad to have her strength back and be out of the hospital. Adeline's aunt had started to get less hesitant about the idea of Adeline and Francoeur being friends. \"Merci, Francoeur.\" she said, \"If it weren't for you, I don't think Adeline would've ever recovered.\" Francoeur didn't know how to take such a compliment, but he was more than glad that Adeline had recovered. It was the day of Emile and Maud's wedding. Lucille, Raoul, and Francoeur were the guests of honor. When Maud threw the bouquet out to the crowd of unmarried women, she threw it too far and Francoeur caught it by accident. \"Francoeur, you caught the bouquet!\" said Lucille, \"That means you're next in line to get married.\" Francoeur blushed. \"As if anyone would want to marry a giant flea!\" said one of the women. \"Don't listen to them, Francoeur; they're just jealous.\" said Lucille. Francoeur threw the bouquet back to the women and stormed off as they were fighting over the bouquet. Lucille ran after Francoeur and grabbed his hand. \"Francoeur, do you remember what your name means? Honest Heart. And that's what you have. Those women don't see how special you are.\" Francoeur sighed. \"Adeline is able to see it.\" Francoeur perked up. Adeline? She couldn't possibly... could she? Francoeur's head began to spin. It's true that he had certain thoughts and feelings for Adeline, but that didn't mean it was love, did it?[Chapter 9] Francoeur couldn't stop thinking about Lucille. Perhaps it was true; perhaps he DID have feelings for Adeline, but did she have feelings for him? COULD she have feelings for him? His head kept spinning. Finally, he decided that, in order to find out, he would have to take her out on the night. He wrote a letter to Adeline's aunt, asking to take her out to the Palais Garniere Opera for the production of La Boheme . Surprisingly, she wrote back saying \"yes\". Francoeur got on his best suit for the evening. He was quite nervous as he got to the rowhouse. Adeline's aunt answered the door. \"Francoeur, it's good to see you. Adeline has been waiting for this night.\" Her aunt called for Adeline. Francoeur gasped as she stepped down from the stairs. She looked like she had stepped out from an Alphonse Mucha painting, wearing a loose dress and having her hair tassel down to her shoulders. Adeline stopped. \"Is it the dress?\" she asked, \"I hope it's not too fancy.\" \"You look wonderful, dear.\" said her aunt before turning to Francoeur, \"Be sure to be back home in time.\" Francoeur nodded. He took Adeline's hand in his gloved one and he lead her out the door. They arrived at the Palais Garnier and sat at Box 5. The opera began. As the opera continued, Francoeur looked over at Adeline, who's eyes welled up with tears over the music. Francoeur took Adeline's hand and cupped his against hers. He lifted her hand against his lips and was about to kiss it, but he hesitated and put her hand back down. After the opera ended, Francoeur started walking Adeline back home. \"That was wonderful.\" said Adeline, \"I loved the music. I wish Mimi didn't have to die though.\" Adeline began to hum to herself. Francoeur looked over and chirped in curiosity. \"Oh, sorry.\" said Adeline, \"Music is one of my favorite things. I'm not a very good singer though; not as good as you anyways.\" Adeline then reached her hand over to his, lifted it up, and kissed it. \"I sensed you wanted to do this to me.\" said Adeline. Francoeur blushed. \"You're blushing. I can tell.\" Adeline smiled. Francoeur smiled back and started leading her back home. They got to the house. \"I had a great time tonight.\" said Adeline. Francoeur chirped. They both embraced in a hug. Francoeur took a moment to smell Adeline's sweet, flowery scent. \"I love you.\" Adeline whispered. Francoeur's eyes widened. He looked down at Adeline, who smiled at him. \"Well, I should go in. Good night.\" As Adeline went inside, Francoeur smiled and hopped off.[Chapter 10] Francoeur and Adeline's relationship grew that night. Since then, they would visit each other either at Adeline's house or at L'Oiseau Rare. Francoeur had even learnt how to read and write in Braille and he and Adeline would send letters to each other (occasionally with flowers or scented with perfume). One day, Adeline asked Francoeur if he would like to go the Jardin des Plantes botanical garden. Given Francoeur's last time getting fined for picking flowers, he was hesitant, but he was let off with a warning by the authorities, so he decided it was okay. Francoeur and Adeline strolled through the garden. Francoeur wore a white sunday suit and Adeline a loose white dress. They enjoyed the various smells of the flowers that decorated the grounds. They came across a stone bench and sat down together. \"This is wonderful. I never been to a botanical garden before.\" said Adeline, \"I remember we use to have a garden in the countryside before my mother died; I use to love smelling and picking the flowers.\" Francoeur nodded. He didn't mind listening to Adeline talk; she always had something interesting to say and Francoeur loved listening to her sweet, soft spoken voice. \"It's quiet.\" sighed Adeline, \"Maybe too quiet...Francoeur, you don't mind singing for me, do you?\" Francoeur didn't mind at all. He started to sing her a love song and then kissed her hand. Adeline then reached up and kissed Francoeur on the lips. Francoeur's eyes widened; he was not expecting her to be so forward, but then accepted the invitation and kissed back, wrapping his arms around her. ","Summary":" Paris, France in Spring of 1911; a year after the flooding of the Seine River. Francoeur had become"},{"Movie":"Pinocchio","Title":"Pinocchio Alternate Scenes","Author":"ronnlee.morris","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13234344","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Pinocchio was sitting on Stromboli's countertop in his stage wagon after performing for his puppet show. Stromboli was eating and counting money at the same time. \"Bravo, Pinocchio. You were sensational!\" Stromboli cheered. After giving Pinocchio a bent washer, Pinocchio took off walking home. By the time he reached the door, he simply went in. \"Where have you been? What took you so long?\" Geppetto asked feeling worried. \"I'm sorry, father. I was going to school until I met someone: a talking fox and a talking cat. They convinced me to become an actor so I did,\" Pinocchio answered with sorrow.[Chapter 2] As Pinocchio stood on the top of the stage stairs getting ready to sing, he fell down the stairs singing the first line. By the time he reached the bottom, he busted down through the stage. Subsequently, stars flew around his head as he emerged from the busted hole. Stromboli kicked him out for good and Pinocchio was no longer an actor. Jiminy Cricket lectured Pinocchio that he should've ignored those two dimwits who wrongfully tricked him into being an actor.[Chapter 3] p class=\"p1\" /p p class=\"p2\"span class=\"s1\" While Pinocchio was having fun in Pleasure Island, Geppetto was looking for him in the village streets. After many hours of searching, Geppetto decided to visit the police and report his son missing. Dispatched officers searched every corner of the streets until they drove their squad vehicles to Pleasure Island. However, the gate guards disapproved their entrance because it would obviously ruined the kids privileges for having fun. As a result, the officers went back to the village of Tuscany,Italy. Hours have passed and Pinocchio and Jiminy Cricket finally came home. Two officers and Geppetto were standing by the front door. Pinocchio was arrested just forspan class=\"Apple-converted-space\" /spancoming home so late. span class=\"Apple-converted-space\" /span/span/p[Chapter 4] p class=\"p1\" /p p class=\"p2\"span class=\"s1\" Lampwick was playing pool in Pleasure Island's pool hall. All of a sudden, donkey ears and a tail grew on him. When he saw his face turned into a donkey, his hands and feet turned into hooves. \"What are you doing just standing there? I said help me! Do something!\" Lampwick cried. Pinocchio didn't know what to do at first. Meanwhile, Jiminy Cricket came to Pinocchio's aid in the pool hall. Pinocchio then grabbed Lampwick and they jumped to the sea. A magical chime sounded. As a result, Pinocchio's donkey ears turned back into human ears and his donkey tail disappeared. Not only did that happen, Lampwick turned back into a human by the time he and Pinocchio reached class=\"Apple-converted-space\" /span/span/p ","Summary":" Pinocchio was sitting on Stromboli's countertop in his stage wagon after performing for his puppet "},{"Movie":"Pinocchio","Title":"Annabelle Daughter of Pinocchio reboot","Author":"Lazbro64","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13217652","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Prologue Long ago in a little Italian village, an old wood-carver named Geppetto built a little puppet and named him Pinocchio. Geppetto made a wish on a star that night for his puppet to become a real boy and a Blue Fairy appeared and brought the wooden boy to life. The fairy instructed Pinocchio that to be real; he would have to learn to be brave, truthful, and unselfish. But Pinocchio didn't understand right from wrong, and that's when a wise cricket named Jiminy stepped in and offered to teach him, and so the fairy made him a Pinocchio's conscience. After some life learning adventures ending in sacrificing his life to save Geppetto from a whale named Monstro, the Blue Fairy revived Pinocchio for his bravery and made him a real boy. Jiminy cricket was rewarded a shiny gold badge for all his hard work and became an official conscience. He said his goodbyes to Pinocchio and set out on a journey to teach other children the knowledge of right and wrong. Years later Jiminy would look up at the stars every night and remember Geppetto, the Blue Fairy, and the little wooden puppet that changed his life forever. Chapter 1 - The Return of Jiminy Cricket. Fifteen years had passed since Pinocchio became a real boy. Jiminy Cricket had been continuing to travel the world teaching many children the same lessons he once told his best friend. But after being gone for many years, the cricket decided it was time to return home. He boarded a ship and sailed back to Italy, where he was sure Pinocchio was still living with his father. It was a calm and quiet evening when Jiminy arrived back in town. The old village looked just the same as it always did all those years ago as Jiminy reminisced. The same brick houses, cobblestone roads, and oil lampposts illuminated the streets. As he wandered along the crooked old streets, there wasn't a soul to be seen. Soon he spotted something up ahead that he recognized in an instant. It was a familiar looking building with a light shining in the window. He hopped closer and saw it was Geppetto's old workshop. \"There it is! Home sweet home,\" said Jiminy joyfully. \"I can't wait to see how Pinoke's been doing since I left.\" As he approached the front door, he saw a wooden sign hanging above the doorway that with the words Geppetto & Son written on it. He squeezed under the door, entered the house, and to his surprise, everything looked different from what he remembered. There were new shelves, furniture, and all the wooden clocks, toys, and music boxes Geppetto made were gone. Even the old bed in the corner was missing. \"Gosh! Pinocchio and Geppetto must have redecorated this place since I've been away.\" Seeing that no one was about, he made himself at home and walked around the house observing the changes. The entire workshop was now a cozy living area with a big green sofa and a new fireplace, and there was a kitchen with a large wooden table and an old iron cooking stove. Just then Jiminy felt the presence of something watching him. He slowly turned his head around and gasped as he saw what appeared to be a small kitten with pink fur, blue eyes, a white face, belly, and paws, and a red ribbon on its head. \"YIKES! A CAT!\" Jiminy cried and ran for his life. The kitten chased him all over the house until it cornered him. Jiminy trembled with fear and held up his pink umbrella to defend himself expecting the cat to pounce on him. But instead, the kitten just stood there staring curiously at him. \"Please don't hurt me! I used to live here!\" Jiminy begged. \"I'd taste better for the fishes, not a feline such as you!\" She turned her head sideways, meowed, and moved closer to him. Jiminy wasn't sure if the kitten was friendly or wanted to eat him. To his surprise, she smiled and meowed happily. \"I guess you are friendly after all,\" he said with relief. Just then, they heard footsteps approaching. \"Figgy! What's all that noise out here? Are you chasing mice again?\" Jiminy and the kitten looked up and saw a tall, thin man with dark hair, wearing a white long-sleeved shirt with a blue bow tie. He also wore long blue trousers held up by spenders over his shoulders, brown shoes, and on his head was a familiar yellow hat with a blue stripe and a red feather. \"P-Pinocchio?\" said Jiminy looking up at his old friend who was now a grown man. \"That voice! Jiminy?!\" said the young man looking down at the little cricket. \"Jiminy Cricket is that you?\" \"It's me Pinoke! Long-time no see!\" Pinocchio knelt down, held out his hand, and Jiminy jumped into his palm. \"Jiminy! Welcome home, my old friend!\" He said delightedly. \"Gosh Pinoke, you've sprouted up! I almost didn't recognize you!\" \"It's been fifteen years since I became real Jiminy. I'm all grown up now.\" \"You look very handsome Pinocchio, Geppetto must have done a great job raising you. Say, where is the old fellow?\" Pinocchio frowned sadly hearing that question. \"I'm afraid my father isn't here anymore Jiminy.\" \"Oh no,' I'm sorry to hear that. When did he pass?\" \"He died eleven months ago. The last thing father said to me was how proud he was, and how much he loved me.\" Jiminy felt sad hearing of Geppetto's passing. Even though Pinocchio was now an adult, he knew it must have been hard for him to watch his father die. \"What about Figaro and Cleo? Are they still here?\" \"Cleo's gone too. But old Figaro's still around somewhere. In fact, this little pink rascal Figgy here is one of his kittens.\" Jiminy looked down at the pink cat slowly circling Pinocchio's left leg, rubbing herself against it and meowing wanting his attention. \"Yes. When I came in, she surprised me and chased me around the room. I thought she was going to eat me.\" \"Oh, don't worry Jiminy, Figgy won't hurt you. She just wants to play.\" The kitten stood on her hind legs, meowed and flicked her right paw wanting him to hold her. Jiminy hopped onto Pinocchio's shoulder as he reached down and picked up the kitten. \"It's so good to have you back Jiminy. Our home is your home. Would you like some tea?\" Pinocchio offered. \"Sure, why not? It would be the first time I would have ever tried tea from you,\" Pinocchio walked into the kitchen, poured a dish of milk for little Figgy, and began brewing some tea for himself and the cricket. \"I see you and Geppetto remodeled this place,\" Jiminy said, looking around the kitchen. \"That's right. Father and I sold all his old clocks and toys so that we could afford to refurbish the house and make it more suitable for us. There are two bedrooms upstairs, and we built an extension in the back where father moved his workshop so we could continue his wood carving business.\" \"That's nice. Are you following in Geppetto's footsteps?\" \"I am. Father taught me everything he knew from clockworks to making wooden furniture, toys and even puppets. The children call me Pinocchio the Toymaker because they love the wonderful toys I make.\" The tea was ready as the kettle on the stove began to whistle. Pinocchio handed Jiminy a tiny cup that was just his size, poured himself a cup and sat down to continue the conversation. \"So where have you been all these years Jiminy?\" \"Well, after you had become a real boy, the fairy gave me this badge and made me an Official Conscience as you know,\" Jiminy opened his jacket and showed Pinocchio his precious golden badge. \"So I've been traveling around the world teaching other children the ways of right and wrong.\" \"That sounds exciting Jiminy! What kind of places did you go to?\" \"Well, I've been to Germany, England, and even France. I met lots of strange and unusual people and creatures. But in all my travels I always thought of you and how much you changed my life. Now I've decided to come home for good.\" \"Sounds like you had quite a lot of adventures. I missed you a lot after you left. But I'm glad to have you back my friend,\" Pinocchio smiled. Just then he felt Figgy's paw scratching at his leg and looked down at her. \"What is it Figgy?\" The little cat jumped around and meowed a few times. \"Oh yes, I nearly forgot!\" Pinocchio then turned to Jiminy looking excited. \"There's something I'd like to show you in the workshop, Jiminy. Would you like to see it?\" \"Sure, Pinoke, what is it?\" \"I think you'll be pretty surprised when you see it,\" Pinocchio smiled and winked his left eye. Jiminy rode on Pinocchio's shoulder as he walked into a back room and turned on an oil lamp hanging on the wall near the doorway. The room was a big workshop filled with wooden clocks, toys, music boxes and a workbench in the corner. \"Wow, Pinoke! Did you make all these?\" Jiminy asked, admiring the many different designs of the clocks and music boxes. Some of them resembled the ones Geppetto used to make. \"Yep. These are all mine,\" Pinocchio answered proudly. \"Impressive! You're just as good as Geppetto was! So where's this thing you wanted to show me?\" \"It's over here,\" Pinocchio pointed to a white sheet covering something on the workbench. Jiminy hopped down, and Pinocchio slowly removed the sheet revealing what was underneath. \"Ta-DA!\" The crickets eyes grew wide with astonishment. It was a wooden marionette girl with light brown hair shaped into a long ponytail, glassy blue eyes, two red circles on its cheeks, a painted in smile and a big pointy nose that was like Pinocchio's back when he was a puppet. It wore a lovely blue dress with puffy sleeves and a white pinafore attached to it, a blue hat with a red stripe around it, white-gloved hands and on her feet were big yellow clogs. Strings were attached to her arms, legs, back and head dangling from two crossbars hanging on a shelf above her. \"Well, I'll be!\" said Jiminy staring at the wooden girl. \"She looks fantastic! She looks similar to you when you were a puppet! The craftsmanship is a work of art!\" \"Thanks, Jiminy! I found some old blueprints that my father used when he made me, and I used them to build her in my image. What do you think of her?\" The cricket looked her over and was impressed with how realistic she looked. \"Cute little thing,\" Jiminy chuckled. He hopped onto the nose and knocked on the face with his fist. \"She's made of fine wood too. The same kind your father used to build you. So what's her name?\" \"Her name is Annabelle. I named her after my old school teacher, Miss Annabelle from when I was a boy. She was an excellent teacher and taught me many things.\" \"Annabelle huh? What a lovely name, though, wouldn't it sound more Italian if you called her Annabella?\" \"I guess. But I think Annabelle is a prettier name, don't you think so?\" \"She's your puppet Pinoke, and you can call her whatever you want.\" \"Would you like to see her perform? I've gotten pretty good at puppeteering.\" \"I'd be delighted. Show me what you got!\" Jiminy hopped down and sat on the edge of the workbench. Pinocchio picked up Annabelle and laid her on the wooden floor with Figgy. He walked over and turned on a little music box that started playing a lovely melody. Pinocchio picked up Annabelle's crossbars and began to make her dance around the room to the rhythm of the music. Her clogs and wooden body clomped and clattered whenever Pinocchio moved her around. She stood on her tiptoes and spun around a few times stretching her arms outward like a ballerina. Figgy followed her around leaping back and forth and stood on her hind legs trying to mimic her dance moves while Pinocchio whistled cheerfully. Watching this reminded Jiminy of when he first entered the house all those years ago and watched Geppetto make Pinocchio dance around the workshop before he was brought to life. When the music stopped Pinocchio made Annabelle stop dancing, and she finished with a bow and curtsy. \"Bravo!\" Jiminy cheered clapping his hands in applause. \"Your father would be so proud!\" Little Figgy meowed at Annabelle and Pinocchio pulled the strings making her gently pet her. The kitten seemed very fond of her. \"So, what do you think of her, Jiminy?\" He asked, picking Annabelle up and holding her in his arms. \"She's terrific! She looks cute, and her dancing was very graceful. Though, I think those heavy clogs weigh her down a little bit. But overall she's very well made Pinoke.\" Pinocchio put Annabelle back on the workbench and looked at his creation with admiration. \"I'd love it if she were a real little girl,\" he said, imagining Annabelle as a real person. \"She would make a beautiful daughter.\" \"Well, you never know Pinoke. If the Blue Fairy granted Geppetto's wish and brought you to life, maybe if you wish hard enough, then the same thing could happen to Annabelle too.\" Just then they heard several of the wooden clocks Pinocchio made go off alerting them that the time was a quarter to ten. \"Goodness! I didn't realize it was getting so late!\" said Pinocchio feeling somewhat exhausted. Geppetto always made sure he went to bed at the appropriate time back when he was a child, and it had stuck with him ever since. \"Me too,\" Jiminy agreed, stretching his arms and yawned a bit. \"You're welcome to sleep in my room if you wish.\" \"I'll be alright, thanks, Pinoke. I think I'll stay in here tonight. You know, just in case your little wooden princess here comes to life here in the middle of the night or something,\" he teased. \"Alright then,\" He then picked up Figgy and turned off the lamp. \"Well, I hope you sleep well Jiminy. Good night and welcome home.\" \"Good night Pinoke. It's great to be back.\" The two friends smiled as Pinocchio walked out of the room. It felt like history was repeating itself as Jiminy thought about how familiar this evening turned out to be. And they both thought about Annabelle wondering if she could come to life too. End of Chapter-1[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 - Pinocchio's daughter After saying Goodnight to Jiminy, Pinocchio went upstairs to get ready for bed. Before Geppetto passed away, he had built two bedrooms on the second floor for Pinocchio and himself. Pinocchio inherited everything his father owned, including the house. He had been very lonely living on his own with old Figaro and the little kitten, but now that Jiminy Cricket was back Pinocchio felt happier. He had moved into his father's room sometime after the funeral. Figgy liked sleeping with him like her dad used to sleep with Geppetto. After putting on his sleeping clothes, Pinocchio noticed the room felt a bit warm. \"Phew, it's a bit stuffy in here, Figgy. Maybe I should open the window,\" He walked over, opened the window and looked outside. The town was quiet, and the sky was clear. Just then Pinocchio saw something that caught his eye. \"Oh, Look, Figgy! It's the wishing star! The same one father told me about all those years ago!\" The little cat jumped onto the ledge and looked to where he was pointing. \"That's the star my father wished on. Maybe if I make a wish, the Blue Fairy will hear it and bring Annabelle to life.\" The kitten looked at him like she didn't believe such a thing could happen. But Pinocchio's mind was set. He knelt down, put his hands together and closed his eyes. \"Blue Fairy. If you can hear me, then thank you for granting my father's wish and making me a real boy. Now I'd like to make a request. I'd be delighted if you would make my little Annabelle alive so that she can be a real girl. I want to prove to my father if he is watching me that I can be a great dad too. Just like he was for me.\" After making his wish, Pinocchio went to bed with Figgy curled up beside him. It wasn't long before both of them were fast asleep. Sometime after they had both drifted off, a bright blue light appeared in the sky and began to descend slowly. It flew in through the open window and took the form of a beautiful lady with blonde hair, wearing a long blue gown with large transparent wings. It was the Blue Fairy. She watched him sleeping which reminded her of when she visited Geppetto and granted his wish. \"Dear sweet Pinocchio,\" she whispered so that she didn't disturb him. \"For many years I've watched you grow and mature into the man you are today. I see Geppetto has done a wonderful job of raising you. And as a reward for your good deeds, I shall grant your request.\" Downstairs in the Workshop, Jiminy was still awake sitting in front of Annabelle admiring the incredible craftsmanship. \"Pinoke's done such an excellent job,\" he said to himself smiling. \"Geppetto may no longer be with us, but his spirit lives on in that boy. Or man I should say. This puppet is proof of that. I wonder if the Blue Fairy will visit us,\" No sooner had he said this, the room became illuminated. He turned around and saw the Blue Fairy standing over him. He removed his hat and bowed gracefully showing his respect to the fairy. \"Good to see you again, Milady. I was just thinking about you.\" \"I'm glad to see you've returned Sir Jiminy. I'm very pleased with how you've been traveling and teaching others as you did with Pinocchio.\" She leaned down closer and smiled at him. The cricket started to blush. \"You're the one who gave me this job, so I embraced it. Being a conscience has made me so much wiser than I was when we first met all those years ago. I've helped a lot of people in my travels. And Pinocchio has turned into a handsome young man. I'd like to thank you for everything you've done for both of us.\" \"You're very welcome. And if you're up to the task, I have a request for you.\" \"You want me to be this girl's conscience, right?\" \"If it's not a problem?\" \"Not at all, ma'am. It will be just like old times. Pinoke's kid is going to need someone to keep her on the straight and narrow path.\" The fairy examined the puppet girl and was amazed by how much she resembled Pinocchio. She could tell he had put a lot of love and hard work into constructing her. She raised her wand and spoke her magic words. \"Little girl made of pine... the gift of life is thine.\" She tapped the puppet's head with her wand and a bright blue light filled the room. Jiminy shielded his eyes from the brightness. When the light faded, The puppet's strings disappeared, and she started to move. She blinked her eyes a few times, then raised her arms and rubbed them as her vision began to develop. As Jiminy watched Annabelle come to life, it reminded him of when the Fairy made Pinocchio alive when he was a puppet. When her vision was clear, Annabelle looked curiously around the room and saw the Blue Fairy watching her. \"Oh! Hello,\" she spoke in the sweetest sounding voice. \"Who are you?\" \"Hello, little Annabelle,\" the fairy replied happily. \"I am the Blue Fairy, and I have given you life.\" \"Life? Why?\" \"Because your father Pinocchio wished for you to be alive so that you can be a real girl.\" \"Real girl? Am I a real girl, Miss fairy?\" \"No my dear. You are a wooden puppet. To become a real girl, you must learn right from wrong like your father once did when I brought him to life. Do you understand?\" Having just come to life Annabelle was like a newborn child, so everything was new and confusing to her. \"So, I'm a wooden puppet and not a real girl. And to be a real girl I have to learn right from wrong?\" she asked starting to understand. \"Yes, my dear.\" the Fairy replied. \"But how do I learn right from wrong?\" \"I'll take it from here,\" said Jiminy jumping onto the girl's left clog. \"Hello there Annabelle! Cricket's the name. Jiminy Cricket. I'm an officially certified conscience.\" \"Conscience? What's a conscience?\" she asked, staring curiously at the little cricket. \"A conscience is what tells you what's right and what's wrong. I taught your father how to be a real boy when he was a puppet like you. Now I'm to instruct you the knowledge of right and wrong so you can be real too.\" \"Ok Mister Jiminy,\" she smiled happily. \"I'll leave her in your capable hands Sir Jiminy,\" said the fairy preparing to leave. \"Now remember Annabelle to listen to your father and Jiminy. Be kind and truthful and someday you'll be a real girl. Goodbye, and good luck.\" \"I will Miss Fairy,\" Annabelle promised and waved her hand. \"Bye!\" \"Goodbye milady!\" Jiminy waved as well. The fairy slowly faded away, and the room became dark again but was just light enough for the girl and the cricket to see each other. Once the Fairy was gone, Jiminy began instructing his new pupil. \"Alright kiddo, let's get started. The first thing you need to know is that the world is full of many temptations.\" \"What are temptations Mister Jiminy?\" \"Temptations are the wrong things that may seem right, but they're not. They can lead you astray and have devastating consequences. So you need to be careful not to give in to temptations, or bad things will happen to you. I know this because your father gave in to temptations and got into all kinds of trouble. Do you understand?\" Having just come to life he could tell she didn't know what he meant. \"I'm not sure I do Mister Jiminy,\" she shook her head. \"But I'll try and do my best not to give in to these bad temptations and do right!\" \"Good girl, Annabelle! I'll be here to help you stay on the right path,\" Jiminy knew it was going to be challenging to instruct Annabelle right from wrong as she was a puppet that had just been born. But with his guidance, he was confident she'd do fine. \"Now, whenever you're in trouble and need help, all you have to do is call me and I'll be here to help you make the right decisions Ok?\" \"Okay, Mister Jiminy!\" \"Oh, and you don't have to call me Mister. Feel free just to call me Jiminy.\" \"Okay, Jiminy,\" She giggled. \"Great! Now then, what do you say we wake up your dad and tell him you're alive?\" \"Dad? What's a dad?\" \"A Dad is a father or parent that takes care of a child. Pinocchio built you, so that makes him your dad.\" \"Oh! Okay! I can't wait to meet him,\" Annabelle tried to stand up, but found it rather difficult having never walked or stood up yet without her strings. She started wobbling unable to find her balance and began stumbling towards the edge of the table. \"Whoa, whoa, whoa! I can't stop! Help!\" she screamed as she fell and landed in a box of empty paint cans causing a loud noise that echoed through the house. Pinocchio was awoken by the loud sound and came running downstairs followed by Figgy. \"Jiminy! Jiminy!\" Pinocchio cried, running into the workshop. He turned on the light and saw the cricket standing on the table unharmed. \"What was that crash? Are you alright?\" \"I'm alright Pinoke. But you should be more worried about her!\" Jiminy pointed. Pinocchio looked down and saw Annabelle on the floor. \"Annabelle! How did you get down...\" He then noticed that she was moving by herself and her strings were missing. \"She's alive?!\" He rubbed his eyes thinking it might be his imagination. But when he looked again Annabelle noticed him. \"Hello,\" she said, looking up at her father. \"Hurray! She's alive! My wish came true!\" Pinocchio cheered with joy hearing her speak. He knelt down and picked her up. \"Who are you, Mister?\" \"I'm Pinocchio, your daddy. I made you, Annabelle.\" \"You're my daddy?\" Annabelle wondered if this man was the person Jiminy had told her about. \"Yes, dear. I am your daddy, and you are my daughter.\" After a few seconds, Annabelle finally realized who he was and nodded with a big smile too, and Pinocchio hugged her tightly. \"Did the fairy do this Jiminy?\" \"She sure did Pinoke. She also asked me to be her official conscience.\" \"Jiminy said he's going to teach me right from wrong so I can be a real girl daddy,\" said Annabelle cheerfully. \"That's wonderful!\" Pinocchio smiled. \"Jiminy was my conscience when I was a little puppet like you. With his guidance, I'm sure you'll do just fine.\" Annabelle looked down at the floor and saw Figgy jumping up and down and meowing loudly. \"What's that thing daddy?\" she asked, pointing at the kitten. \"That's Figgy, Annabelle. She's a kitty cat. Would you like to play with her?\" \"Yes, yes!\" Annabelle clapped her hands with excitement. Pinocchio sat her down on the floor, and the kitten jumped into her lap. She was curious as to how Annabelle was now alive. \"Hello Figgy, I'm Annabelle. I'm pleased to meet you,\" she said gently patting Figgy's head. \"It's nice to meet you too Annabelle. I'm amazed to see your alive.\" the little cat suddenly spoke to her. \"Oh! You can talk?\" Annabelle said in surprise. \"She can't talk Annabelle. She's an animal,\" Pinocchio replied. \"Animals can't talk like we can.\" \"Huh? But I just heard her talk to me!\" Annabelle insisted. \"Wait! You mean you understood what I said?\" Figgy asked, surprised that Annabelle heard her speak. \"Hmm... Are you sure you heard her speak, Annabelle?\" Jiminy asked, staring at her face, excepting her nose to grow like Pinocchio's did when he was a puppet. \"Uh-huh,\" Annabelle nodded. \"Well, her nose isn't growing so she must be telling the truth. I guess the fairy made her able to understand animals, Pinoke.\" \"So you and daddy can't hear her talking Jiminy?\" Annabelle asked staring at Figgy. \"It seems that way. You sure are lucky!\" \"You're a very special girl, Annabelle!\" said Pinocchio delightfully. \"I'm glad I can hear you talk to me Figgy,\" said Annabelle happily. \"Me too Annabelle!\" Annabelle held the kitten in her arms and cuddled her. It was evident these two would be close friends. Just then Pinocchio looked at the clock and saw it was eleven thirty. \"Alright everyone, it's very late. I think we should all get back to bed.\" \"I agree. It's been a long night for all of us.\" Jiminy yawned and stretched his arms, feeling exhausted from everything that had happened. \"What's bed, daddy?\" Annabelle asked. \"That means you have to lay down, close your eyes and rest Annabelle,\" Pinocchio explain to his new daughter. \"But why?\" \"Because, dear, when people get tired, they go to sleep at night. They need sleep so that they can wake up in the morning fully rested and ready to work and play.\" \"Aw! But I'm not...\" Annabelle then felt drowsy and opened her mouth letting out a big sleepy yawn indicating she was tired. \"See? You're tired, and you need to rest for tomorrow,\" Pinocchio kneeled down and scooped her up again. \"But I want to play with Figgy!\" \"Now, Annabelle, I'm your father, and when I say it's time for bed you have to sleep! You can play with Figgy tomorrow.\" Pinocchio corrected her. \"I'd listen to your what your father says, Annabelle!\" said Jiminy. \"Remember what the Fairy said?\" \"Okay, I'm sorry, daddy. I'll go to bed then.\" Annabelle gave in. Jiminy hopped onto Pinocchio's shoulder as he turned off the light and carried Annabelle upstairs. He brought her into his old bedroom that Geppetto had built for him. It was a small room with a book shelve, a dresser, a chest filled with toys and a big bed in the corner. \"This was my room when I was little, Annabelle,\" said Pinocchio. \"Now that you're alive, I'll fix it up so it can be yours.\" \"Wow, Daddy, I love it!\" Annabelle was amazed at all the many things around the room, especially the toys. Pinocchio sat her on the bed, removed her dress, hat, and clogs and dressed her in a pink sleeping gown. He then laid her down and tucked her under the covers making sure she was comfortable. \"Now then you close your eyes and go to sleep young lady. When you wake up tomorrow, we can celebrate, okay?\" \"Okay, daddy.\" Pinocchio knelt down and kissed her Goodnight like Geppetto used to do. But as he walked away, she sat up. \"Wait, Daddy! Where are you going?\" \"Jiminy and I are going to sleep in my room, Annabelle,\" \"But I don't want to be alone in here!\" she cried afraid of sleeping by herself. Hearing her cries, Figgy jumped onto the bed and curled up next to her. \"How about I sleep in here and keep you company, Annabelle? Then you won't be alone,\" \"Okay. Thanks, Figgy,\" Annabelle smiled and laid her head down on the pillow. She felt less afraid having the kitten beside her. Seeing that Annabelle was no longer scared, Pinocchio turned off the light. \"Goodnight Annabelle. Sweet dreams.\" \"Good night daddy! And to you, Jiminy!\" she replied, closing her eyes and going to sleep. Once he was sure Annabelle and Figgy were asleep, Pinocchio walked out closing the door behind him. As he returned to his bedroom, he was delighted that now he was a proud father. End of Chapter-2[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 - Annabelle meets a real girl. The morning had come to the sleepy village. The church bells in the tower began to ring, and the townspeople emerged from their homes to start their day. In Geppetto's workshop, Pinocchio's new daughter Annabelle was sleeping soundly in her father's old bedroom with Figgy. The kitten woke and looked over at the puppet girl sleeping peacefully. She slowly approached her face and licked her cheek. \"Annabelle. Wake up, Annabelle.\" Hearing Figgy's voice, Annabelle opened her eyes, sat up and yawned. \"Is it time to wake up Figgy?\" She asked while rubbing the sleep from her eyes. \"Yes, it is. It's morning time which means we have to get up so we can eat and play.\" \"I wonder if my dad and Jiminy are awake,\" Annabelle tried to stand up, but as soon as she tried to move, she began to wobble and tumbled off the bed. Her wooden body clattered on the hard floor. \"Ow!\" \"Are you okay, Annabelle?\" said Figgy jumping off the bed and looking her over. \"I forgot I don't know how to walk yet.\" Annabelle felt annoyed that she had once again failed to walk and fell over like before. Pinocchio heard the noise and came running into the room. \"Annabelle! Are you alright?\" He looked down, and she was on the floor. \"I fell off the bed, Daddy.\" Pinocchio picked her up off the floor and checked to make sure she hadn't damaged herself. She appeared to have no injuries due to being made of sturdy wood. \"I'm sorry, sweetheart. I was so excited that you came to life last night I forgot to teach you to walk,\" He felt irresponsible for not thinking of this sooner. It was evident he had a lot to learn about being a parent. \"Let's get you dressed and then I'll teach you to walk. Okay?\" \"Okay, Daddy.\" Annabelle smiled and kissed Pinocchio on his cheek. He sat her on the bed, removed her sleeping gown and helped her put on her blue dress, hat, and clogs. He then carried her downstairs where Jiminy was waiting for them. \"Good morning Pinocchio and Annabelle,\" he greeted them. \"Morning Jiminy. Did you sleep well?\" Pinocchio asked. \"I slept great Pinoke. It's good to be back sleeping in my own home again. So how does it feel being a father?\" Pinocchio looked at his new daughter and smiled proudly. \"I couldn't be happier. Though I think I still have a lot to learn about being a dad.\" \"Well if you need advice I'll help you any way I can. After all the fairy asked me to be her conscience, so we're both responsible for her.\" \"Thanks a lot, Jiminy. Now young lady let's get you walking.\" He placed her on the floor to stand up, but Annabelle wobbled back and forth, losing her balance again and fell. \"Why do I keep falling?!\" Annabelle whined. Pinocchio wondered why Annabelle was having so much trouble. He picked her up and ran into the workshop. \"Where are we going daddy?\" Pinocchio placed Annabelle on the table and examined her legs. He was so absorbed in what he was doing that he didn't reply to her at first. He bent her legs a few times and realized what the problem was. \"It seems your joints are too loose Annabelle. That's why you keep falling,\" \"Can you fix them, daddy?\" \"I sure can! Your grandpa Geppetto taught me all about how to fix problems like this!\" He took out a bolt tightener and used it to tighten the metal pins in Annabelle's knee's that held her thighs and ankles together hoping it would help her balance better. \"Ouch! Daddy that hurts!\" Annabelle cried. \"Sorry, Annabelle!\" Pinocchio was surprised she felt pain. Being made of wood, she shouldn't have been able to feel anything at all. Jiminy had been watching Pinocchio work from one of the shelves above. \"That man is pretty determined,\" he said talking to one of the figurines next to him. \"Looks like he still has some things to learn about crafting too.\" In less than a minute, Pinocchio finished up tightening Annabelle's joints. \"There, how does that feel?\" Annabelle bent both her legs and they felt less loose than they did before. \"A little better I think.\" \"Great! Let's give this another try then.\" Pinocchio brought her back into the living room and placed her on the floor to stand up again. This time she stood up perfectly without wobbling at all. Pinocchio then stood over her, held up her arms and demonstrated to her on how to walk. Annabelle found it tricky to mimic Pinocchio's movements, but within minutes she was walking around entirely on her own. \"Look, daddy, I can walk!\" She cheered starting to get the hang of it. She was so excited that she began walking faster. \"Annabelle! Slow down!\" Pinocchio shouted. Right when he said this, Annabelle stumbled and crashed into a shelf knocking it over and breaking a vase. Pinocchio ran over and picked her up. \"Are you alright, Annabelle?\" \"I'm alright, daddy.\" \"You see what happens when you get too excited? You have to be more careful!\" Pinocchio scolded her. I'm sorry, daddy,\" she whimpered looking like was about to cry. \"You don't have to so hard her, Pinoke!\" said Jiminy. \"She's new and doesn't know any better! You were just as energetic and clumsy when you were a puppet!\" Realizing his mistake, Pinocchio breathed calmly and looked at Annabelle. \"I'm sorry, sweetheart. I didn't mean to yell at you. Just try not to walk so fast next time. Ok?\" \"Ok! Hehe!\" She giggled playfully. Pinocchio then set her down, cleaned up the broken vase. \"Now then, let's have some breakfast, shall we?\" \"Sounds good, Pinoke,\" Jiminy agreed. \"I haven't eaten since I got back. I can't wait to taste your cooking.\" \"What's breakfast daddy?\" Annabelle asked not understanding the concept of eating. \"You go ahead and start cooking, Pinoke. I'll explain it to her,\" Jiminy offered. Jiminy did just that while Pinocchio prepared some breakfast for them. Annabelle walked around exploring the house when Figgy came over accompanied by a large black cat with yellow sleepy looking eyes and a white face, belly, and paws. It was Geppetto's old cat Figaro who was a kitten when Pinocchio was younger. Now he was much older and had a grumpy look on his face. \"Hey, Annabelle!\" said little Figgy, \"This is my daddy Figaro.\" \"Nice to meet you, Figaro, I'm Annabelle.\" She reached out to pet him, but Figaro frowned and back away from her. \"Oh Great! Just what we needed! Another walking talking puppet!\" He said rudely. \"Daddy! That wasn't very nice! Don't be so grouchy!\" Figgy scolded her father. Figaro looked at his kitten and shook his head. \"If there's one thing I've learned Figgy, it's that puppets are nothing but trouble! Remember how I told you about all the trouble master Pinocchio caused for poor old Geppetto?\" Pinocchio walked into the room and saw Annabelle talking to the cats. Even though he couldn't understand what they were saying to her, it was cute that his daughter could hear what they said. \"I see you met Figaro.\" \"I don't think he likes me, daddy,\" replied Annabelle sounding disappointed. \"Figaro's just old, princess. He's not as youthful and energetic as Figgy is.\" The old cat looked at him and yawned before walking away. He curled up in the corner and went to sleep. When breakfast was ready, Pinocchio made three bowls of oatmeal for Annabelle, himself, and the cricket. Pinocchio and Jiminy explained to her how to eat, even though they didn't think she'd be able to being a wooden puppet with no internal stomach. But to their amazement, she finished her bowl pretty quickly which left them speechless. \"Mmm, That was good daddy! More please!\" Pinocchio and Jiminy continued to stare without saying a word. \"Is something wrong?\" Annabelle noticed their confused looks. \"The fairy's magic must have been stronger than we thought, Pinoke!\" said Jiminy. \"She can feel pain, eat, and she can understand animals! She's a lot different than me when I used to be a puppet,\" Pinocchio replied. \"She's a miracle!\" After breakfast, Pinocchio gave his daughter some toys to play with, and Jiminy watched her while he did some work in the shop. A few hours later, Annabelle came into the room. \"Daddy, Daddy, can we go outside please?!\" she asked grabbing his arm and pulling on it. Pinocchio wasn't sure about taking her into the village. Real people were not used to seeing puppets that can move on their own and he worried what they would think of her. \"You can't keep her shut up inside the house Pinoke. She needs to explore and make friends and learn things for herself if she ever wants to be real like you.\" \"I know that Jiminy, but-\" \"But what? Your father let you out into the world with no problem! Give the girl a chance.\" \"I suppose you're right,\" Pinocchio nodded in agreement. \"I'll take her for a walk through the town and show her around.\" \"YIPEE!\" Annabelle cheered jumping up and down. Her wooden body clattered as she hopped around. \"Ok, ok, Annabelle! Settle down!\" Pinocchio told her. Annabelle finally stopped jumping and calmed herself. \"Do you want to come with us Jiminy?\" \"No thanks. I think I'll stay here. Let you two have some father-daughter time together.\" \"Can I go, can I go?!\" Figgy begged running in circles around Annabelle's feet. \"Can Figgy come too, daddy?\" Annabelle asked politely. \"Yes, dear, you can bring her,\" Annabelle picked up the kitten and followed Pinocchio to the front door. \"Now Annabelle, while you are walking in the town, you must stay with me and listen to what I tell you. Understand?\" \"Yes, daddy.\" Annabelle nodded in reply. \"Have fun you three!\" Jiminy waved as they walked out the door. Pinocchio walked through the town holding Annabelle's hand while she carried Figgy in her left arm. Pinocchio noticed a few of the townspeople staring at them as they walked along. Some of them were bewildered to see a living puppet again after so many years. Others thought she looked adorable and were happy to see her walking with him. Annabelle was curious about everything she saw and paid no attention to the people staring at her. \"Wow Daddy what's that?\" She asked pointing to several buildings with pastries, fruits, and vegetables. \"That's the market, Annabelle. It's where we buy food,\" Pinocchio explained. \"What's that?\" She pointed to a store that sold clothing. \"That's where we buy clothes.\" Pinocchio knew Annabelle was very curious about the world and filled with many questions. \"Oh wow! Look at that!\" Annabelle suddenly broke free from Pinocchio's hand and took off running. \"Annabelle! Come back here!\" He shouted, but she was already out of sight. Pinocchio started to panic. He couldn't believe how quickly she had disappeared. He ran frantically calling for her fearing something terrible might happen to her. Little did he know, Annabelle was nearby looking at a souvenir stand with little trinkets. When she turned around she realized her father was gone. \"Daddy? Daddy where are you!\" She cried. She looked everywhere but didn't see him. \"You shouldn't have run away from him like that!\" said Figgy. \"What should I do Figgy?\" Annabella started to feel worried. \"Let's just walk around, and maybe we'll find him.\" Annabelle walked around looking for her dad but couldn't find him. As she turned a corner, she suddenly collided with something and fell dropping Figgy. \"Ouch! Hey watch where you're walking!\" said a voice she didn't recognize. When she looked, she saw a girl with short curved brown hair with freckled spots on her cheeks. She was wearing an overall red dress, a yellow shirt with puffy sleeves, a red hat on her head, long gray stockings, and white buckled shoes. She appeared to be wearing glasses on her face. \"It's a girl!\" Annabelle said in amazement seeing a human girl for the first time. \"I'm sorry I didn't see you! Are you alright?\" she asked helping the girl up. She brushed the dirt off her dress and adjusted her glasses. \"I'm okay I...\" but when the girl looked at Annabelle, she was shocked to see that she was a live puppet. \"Hey! You're a wooden puppet!\" \"Of course I'm a puppet. What else would I be?\" The girl was even more amazed when she heard Annabelle talking. \"H-How are you able to walk and talk without strings?\" the girl asked. \"I was made by my daddy. He wished on a star, and a blue fairy lady came and made me come to life.\" \"Really? Wow! I thought Fairies were made up, but I guess they do exist after all. That's the only explanation that would make sense how you can move and talk like me.\" \"My name's Annabelle. Are you a real girl?\" \"Of course I'm real! What else would I be? It's nice to meet you, Annabelle. I'm Alexandra. But everyone calls me Alex.\" \"Wow! I've never seen a real girl before! You are so cool! Hey what are those things on your face?\" she pointed to the girl's glasses. \"These are my glasses. I have bad eyesight, so I need to wear these to help me see better. But I don't like wearing them.\" \"Why not Alex?\" Alex frowned sadly. \"Other kids think they make me look stupid and they laugh and tease me, calling me a four-eyes. I wish I could see better so that I don't have to wear them.\" Annabelle felt sorry for her. \"Aw, don't be sad Alex! l like you and I don't think your glasses are stupid.\" Alex was surprised to hear a lovely comment about her glasses for the first time. A feeling of happiness she hadn't felt in a long time crept into her heart. \"Aw, Thank you. You're the first person that's ever said that they like me and my glasses. Do you want to be friends?\" \"Friends, What does that mean?\" \"A friend is someone that you talk to and play with,\" Alex explained. \"If you and I are friends, then we can hang out and do stuff together. I don't have many friends, so I'd love to have a friend who likes me and my glasses.\" \"Okay! Let's be friends!\" Annabelle smiled and shook Alex's hand. \"Oh, my! Is that pink kitten yours?\" Alex noticed Figgy who had been listening to their conversation. Annabelle picked her up and showed her to her Alex. \"Yes, this kitten is mine. This here is Figgy. She's my little friend,\" The kittened meowed happily. \"She said hello.\" \"Nice to meet you Figgy.\" Alex gently petted her head, and Figgy meowed happily. Just then Annabelle remembered her father. \"Alex, can you help me find my daddy? We were walking together, and I accidentally ran away from him, and now I'm lost.\" \"I'd be happy to help. What does your daddy look like?\" Annabelle tried her best to describe her father to her friend. \"Oh! Your dad is the toymaker. Okay, Annie, let's look around and see if we can find him.\" The girls walked around the town together looking for Pinocchio. They checked the town square, and soon Alex spotted someone who fit his description. \"Is that your dad Annabelle?\" Alex pointed out to Pinocchio. Annabelle looked and recognized him. \"Yes! That's him! Daddy! Daddy!\" she yelled running towards him. Hearing her voice, Pinocchio turned around and saw her approaching. \"Annabelle! There you are!\" Pinocchio shouted with relief. He ran towards his daughter and threw his arms around her tightly. \"Little lady where have you been? I was worried something might have happened to you!\" \"I'm sorry I ran away from you. Are you mad again?\" She asked afraid he might angry at her for disobeying him. \"No, I'm not mad at you. But don't ever run off like that again! Do you understand me?\" \"Yes, daddy,\" Annabelle promised. Alex walked over and was glad to see her friend had found her father. \"Daddy this is my new friend, Alex. She helped me find you.\" \"Hello sir, nice to meet you,\" said Alex holding out her hand. \"Nice to meet you too, Alex.\" Pinocchio shook her hand. \"Thank you for finding Annabelle and helping her.\" \"You're welcome. I'm glad was able to help Annie find you.\" Alex smiled happily. \"Come on Annabelle. I think we better get home now. It's getting close to lunchtime, and I believe that you've explored the town enough for today.\" \"Aww, but I want to stay and play with Alex!\" Annabelle frowned sadly not wanting to leave her new friend. \"Well, how about she comes home with us? That way she'll know where we live and can visit us. Is that okay with you, Alex?\" \"Sure, Mister Pinocchio. I just have to ask my mom. She's right over there, so I'll be right back,\" Alex ran over to her mother and asked for permission to go to Annabelle and Pinocchio's home. They waited patiently, and after a minute she came back. \"She said it's alright as long as I'm home by dinner time. My mother knows your daddy well so I can come.\" \"Yeah!\" Annabelle cheered and gave her friend a hug. \"Come on, Alex! Let's go!\" End of Chapter 3[Chapter 4] Chapter 4 - Alex comes to visit. Pinocchio, Annabelle, and Alex started walking back to the workshop. Pinocchio was delighted that his daughter already made a friend so quickly given her out of the ordinary appearance. \"Hey, Alex, who was that lady you were talking to?\" Annabelle asked her friend. \"That was my mom. I don't have a dad, so it's just her and me.\" \"A mom? Is that like a daddy?\" \"Yes. But a dad is a man, and a mom is a woman. My mom said she knew your dad when they were kids and that they were friends.\" \"That correct, Alex,\" said Pinocchio. \" your mother Juliana and I went to school together, and she was like an older sister to me. Her grandfather Mister Cherry and my father Mister Geppetto were childhood friends. He was a retired carpenter. Julie and I used to visit him after school, and he'd tell us stories of when he and my father were boys.\" \"I never met my great grandpa Cherry. Mom said he passed away years before I was born.\" \"Father and I were at his funeral. He was sorrowful having lost his best friend.\" \"Hey, daddy I was wondering. Where's grandpa?\" When Annabelle asked this question, Pinocchio was afraid to answer. \"Uh...I'll tell you some other time Annabelle okay?\" \"Okay!\" Annabelle smiled. Pinocchio felt she was too young to learn about death just yet. \"How long has Annie been alive for Mr. Pinocchio?\" Alex asked. \"She just came to life last night. Everything is new to her because she's like a newborn child and doesn't understand a lot of things about the world yet.\" \"Oooh. That s so amazing that she can walk and talk without strings. You did a great job building her. She almost looks like a real girl.\" \"Someday Alex I'm going to be a real girl like you,\" Annabelle told her. \"But the fairy lady said I have to learn how to be a real girl by learning right from wrong.\" \"Really? Well if you want to learn how to be real, you should come to school with me Annie!\" \"School? Daddy, what's school?\" \"It's where children go to learn to read, write, and count, make friends and learn to do what's right. Now that you're alive you ll have to go to school like I did when I was a boy.\" \"But I thought you and Jiminy were going to teach me.\" \"Jiminy and I can't teach you everything, princess. You have to learn and experience things on your own too. That's what your grandfather taught me.\" \"Okay! I'll go to school with Alex then.\" \"Yay, that s fantastic, Annie!\" cheered Alex happily. \"You re going to love school so much, I just know it!\" Soon the group arrived back at the workshop where Jiminy was sitting on a chair reading a book when they walked in. Jiminy was surprised when he saw Alex enter the house. \"Welcome back. How did Annabelle behave Pinoke?\" \"We were walking around, and she got too excited and ran off. Luckily this girl found her and brought her back.\" \"Jiminy this is my new friend, Alex!\" Annabelle introduced her friend to the cricket. He hopped over, jumped on Annabelle's shoulder and introduced himself. \"Pleased to meet you Alex. Cricket's the name. Jiminy Cricket.\" \"It s very nice to meet you!\" replied Alex. \"Jiminy is my conscience. He teaches me about what's right and what's wrong,\" said Annabelle. \"That amazing! I hope you don't mind me helping teach Annabelle how to be real as well Jiminy?\" \"Not at all! The more, the merrier!\" Jiminy nodded in approval. \"Jiminy was my conscience when I was a puppet like Annabelle too,\" said Pinocchio reminiscing on when he was younger. \"We had some crazy adventures together, and they taught me a lot of things. If it weren't for him, I wouldn't be the man I am today.\" \"Hold on a sec! You were a puppet too?!\" replied Alex in surprise. \"Yes, I indeed was. Like Annabelle here I was built by my father and brought to life in the same way.\" Alex still was trying to absorb the information still in shock. \"You both are amazing people! If you became real Mr. Pinocchio, then I just know that Annie will too!\" \"Thanks, Alex! I hope so too!\" replied Annabelle with a big smile. After the introduction, Annabelle showed Alex around the house while Pinocchio prepared lunch for everyone. The girls went upstairs to Annabelle's room and played with some of the toys while Jiminy watched. Figgy took a nap on the bed with Figaro as the girls played. \"So what's school like Alex?\" Annabelle asked curiously. \"Well, we sit at our desks and read our spelling books while the teacher tells us things like how to read and write and count. We also go outside for recess to play with other kids and make friends.\" \"Sounds like fun! I can't wait to go!\" Annabelle cheered with excitement. \"That's the right attitude kiddo,\" said Jiminy standing up on the bed. \"If you want to be real you'll need a good education along with good behavior.\" \"Hey, Annie I was wondering about something. If you become a real girl do you think maybe someday I'll be able to see better and won't have to wear my glasses?\" Alex asked. \"Sure you will Alex!\" Annabelle crawled over and hugged her friend. \"Maybe when I become real, then your eyes will get better too, and we'll both be happy.\" \"As long as you girl's stay on the right track, work hard and believe in your goals then you'll both get what you desire,\" Jiminy assured them. \"Before I met Pinocchio I never believed that dreams and miracles could happen. But now I do after my days with Annabelle s father. If you keep believing than nothing is impossible.\" \"Thanks, Jiminy!\" Alex smiled. She was happy to have made such wonderful and encouraging friends. It was the first time she had felt happy and confident about herself. After lunch, Pinocchio decided to celebrate Annabelle's birth which he forgot to do on the night it happened. He brought out some music boxes and turned them on while the girls danced around to the lovely music. Annabelle had a bit of trouble dancing and fell a few times, but Alex helped her up and taught her how to move and balance herself. Pinocchio played his father s old accordion and joined in while Jiminy Cricket danced with a small female figurine on one of the music boxes. Everyone was having a wonderful time. Soon it was becoming evening, and the sun was starting to set. \"It's getting late,\" said Alex looking at the clocks. \"I'd better get home before it gets dark and my mom starts to worry. I had a wonderful time meeting and celebrating with you Annie.\" \"Aw, do you have to go Alex?\" Annabelle asked sadly. \"I do. My mom is waiting for me at my house. But don't be sad Annie. I'll come back and revisit you. And I'll see you when you come to school. Okay?\" \"Okay, Alex. I had fun meeting you! I can't wait to see you again!\" Annabelle was a bit sad to see her friend leave, so she gave her one last hug and a kiss on the cheek. Alex was surprised by the kiss, assuming that Annabelle was still in the early days of understanding how to act around others. \"Thank you for inviting me to your house, Mister Pinocchio,\" Alex said to Pinocchio. It was nice having you here, Alex. You're welcome here anytime, and tell your mother I said hello.\" \"I will. And I'll see you at school on Monday Annie! Goodbye!\" She waved and headed out the door. They watched her until she was out of sight. Pinocchio was very proud of his daughter for learning so much in just one day. Though he and Annabelle both still had a lot to learn, he was confident that everything would work out fine. End of Chapter 4 ","Summary":" Prologue Long ago in a little Italian village, an old wood-carver named Geppetto built a little pup"},{"Movie":"Pinocchio","Title":"Pinocchia","Author":"Opel Vectra","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12046322","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Pinocchia: Chapter 1: Help! i'm a girl! Near the end of the Disney adaptation, The Blue fairy turned Pinocchio into a real boy….but she made a mistake and turned him into a real….girl…. When Pinocchio wakes up…. « hey dad ! wake up ! i'm a…(realise he had boobs) NOOOOOOO WAY ! IT CAN'T BE ! » Jiminy arrives « OH MY ! PINOCCH ! WHAT HAPPENED TO YOU ? » « JIMINY ! I'M A GIRL ! THIS IS HORRIBLE !» Cleo reacts (…) « Okay…I HAVE BOOBS !» « don't worry pinnochio, we'll find a solution… » Gepetto and the blue fairy soon find out what happens and… A few hours later, in Pinocchio's room…he and Jiminy are taking care of the problem « so i have to behave and stay as a girl to wait until the blue fairy had fixed her wand…DAMN IT !» « i know it's hard Pinocch…but…hakuna matata ! » « WHAT ? » « Nothing…let it go… by the way…you'll not going to school with your original clothes ? you need a dress !» « jiminy stop it….i can't… » Later, Jiminy called Cinderella's fairy god mother for preparing pinocchio for the bal…i mean…the school…. Pinocchio is dressed as a swaggy girl…much to his anger… « YOU'RE GONNA PAY FOR IT JIMINY ! » « thanks for the help ! » « your welcome Jiminy…Bibidi-Bobidi BOOO ! » TO BE CONTINUED….[Chapter 2] Pinocchia: Chapter 2: Coachman Slayers Previously, The blue fairy turned Pinocchio into a GORGEOUS teenage-girl… And he/she has to wait until the fairy fixed her wand…not easy…. «Jiminy ! You're UNBELIEVABLE ! this dress is crap ! » «watch your mouth young lady…» Suddenly, one of the coachman's henchmens squashes jiminy and almost attacks Pinocchio…when that goon gets blasted by…. One hot teen girl…just like him/her…. She asks « are you okay ? » « ye….yeah…. » «you're lucky I was here…I'm Mary…I'm a Coachman Slayer…I'm here to protect you… » «ME ? » «yeah…the coachman from Pleasure Island…him and his goons's new plan is to kidnap girls like you…for turning em into donkeys… Do you want to join me ?»[Chapter 3] At Pleasure Island… \"allright fellas…listen up...there's a teenage girl who attempted to foil my plans…I want you to take her down this minute!\" \"killing instead of kidnapping ?\" \"not exactly Honest John…I want you two to teach her a jolly good lesson…got it ?\" \"right away coachman…\" Meanwhile, Mary and \"Pinocchia\" were dressed as pizza girls so they can enter in pleasure island… Only to kill the coachman and his goons… Later, our former little wooden head realized one thing… He felt in love with…Mary….[Chapter 4] 4 or 5 hours later… The girls were resting after their mission Pinocchia was thinking: too cool to be a gurl! Suddenly Mary cries… Pinocchia-what's the matter? Mary-we didn't find my bro… He was one of the kids that have been kidnapped by that coachman… Pinocchia-what's his name ? Mary-Romeo…but his now-donkey pals called him \"Lampwick\"…[Chapter 5] \"PINOCCHIO! So this is where I find you ? Who's the gal?\" Gepetto was looking everywhere for his daughter… Mary's POV \"PINOCCHIO! That name reminds me of something…I KNOW!\" Mary load her gun an point it on Pinocchio… Mary- You was one of my bro's buddies! You're responsible of his demise! His new owner made him work so hard and kill him because of you! Mary hears a familiar laugh…too familiar Lampwick- unbelievable… my sister…thinking I'm dead…(laughs) No…I'll explain…I made a deal with that coachman…he promised me not to sell me IF I capture every stupid lil' boys like me…and…Sorry Pinocchy…you're in my…\" Mary shot him… Pinocchio became a real boy… Mary-wow…are you…the real Pinocchio ? Pinocchio-yep… Soon Mary became Pinocchio's GF… ","Summary":" Pinocchia: Chapter 1: Help! i'm a girl! Near the end of the Disney adaptation, The Blue fairy turne"},{"Movie":"Valentine's Day, 2010","Title":"The Story","Author":"Etheria27","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8920306","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Story By: KellyCRocker59 It's been an eternity since I've done any work with these two, but I've been working on this for the better part of half a year, so it's all finished and I'll be updating frequently. There are about 25 individual vignettes that make up the whole plot, and I'll post three to five each chapter. Opening Departure There once was a man named Sean Jackson. He was strong and stoic. He was a professional football player with a large fanbase. He had some really close friends and a lot of casual friends. But Sean Jackson held a lot of sadness deep in his heart. Sean Jackson was gay. He had been gay since he could remember, but the problem was that no one else knew he was gay. This was problematic, because there was no one with whom Sean could confide. He was left grappling with many emotions that he could not comprehend. Loneliness filled his heart, and he began to drift away from his friends and family. Then one day when Sean Jackson was drinking alone at a bar, he saw another man. He saw other men all the time, but this one seemed different. The bar was crowded, people were swarming amongst Sean, but he kept his eyes on this elusive man. The man stood and disappeared into the crowd, and Sean drew a breath and took a long drink, attempting to lead his mind astray from the man. However, the man later returned to his seat. Sean had been drinking for quite some time, so he was not quite aware of the time. He was, however, aware of the desire boiling beneath his skin. Due to this, Sean stood and crossed the room toward the man. The man had an inward tilt to his shoulders and peered into his half-emptied glass. \"Hey.\" Sean acknowledged. The man looked up from his glass, brow tightening above his eyes, lips falling loose. \"Hi?\" Sean was not this sort of brave individual. He was very brave in the traditional sense, brave in almost every sense of the word, truly. But when it came to men, Sean was not brave in the least. However, there was alcohol pounding through his veins, and so Sean became a very brave man indeed. \"Are you here with anyone?\" He asked. The man shook his head. Sean wished he were better at reading expressions in that moment, because something flickered behind the other man's eyes. Sean thought it was very similar to a light, one that did not shine, but burned. \"What's your name?\" He asked, unfazed. \"Holden.\" The man replied, turning to face him, which made Sean feel like a bit more brave, still. \"Can I buy you a drink, Holden?\" Holden nodded. \"I would like that.\" Sean smiled, because in truth, he had never bought a drink for a man that he liked. So Sean bought Holden a drink, and they decided to spend their night talking beside the bar. As people began to leave the bar, Sean was able to sit, and so they stayed and talked for several more hours. Sean learned Holden's favorite color, his favorite animal, why he hated seventh grade, where he went to college, his best friend's daughter's favorite television show, and Holden's favorite food. Sean unraveled with Holden's words, soon finding himself thoroughly entangled in the other man's companionship. This was the night that Sean Jackson and Holden Wilson began their story. Take Care In a beach house far away from reality but not so far away from society, there lived a football player named Sean Jackson. Sean had many friends, but he was often alone in his spacious residence. Sometimes, he got very lonely, sitting and watching television or ordering food from a napkin with a list of phone numbers scrawled in his handwriting. Some days, he would sit and think, maybe put a pen to his machinations. Then one day, Sean met a man named Holden Wilson. Holden was a kind man with a hunger for success but a heart for friendship. He did not know Sean by first and last name as so many people did. Instead, Sean was simply Sean, which made the football player very happy. He took Holden on dates and one day when they were standing outside of a vacant restaurant, Sean decided to kiss him. Holden seemed very surprised, but he kissed Sean back. A lot of kissing happened after that. After kisses came a drawer of Holden's belongings at Sean's house, and then came weekends spent with both of them lying stitched together in Sean's bed, and later still, finally, came Sean, hefting heavy boxes of Holden's household necessities up many stairs and into his bedroom. Holden helped as well, and soon they had a home together. Now that Holden lived with him, Sean began to realize how accustomed he had grown to being alone. Holden could cook breakfast and grab dinner from a nice restaurant or sometimes he would cook dinner as well. He would roll over in the morning and kiss Sean's open mouth. He would smile just when Sean looked at him. Sean was not used to the attention. Sean was a self-sufficient man, but with Holden, he no longer needed to deal with the repercussions of that lifestyle. Sometimes, Sean would sit on his balcony and stare out at the ocean. Sometimes Holden would spend many hours at a desk, studying papers and tapping at a calculator, things Sean was not used to doing. During these times, Sean would spend his time alone. He relished it in the way someone may relish a night of laziness on an otherwise manic vacation. Then Holden would come out of the study, hair messed up in all directions, eyes blinking rapidly, and Sean would pull him onto his lap. Holden would rest his head on Sean's shoulder, and Sean would breathe into Holden's hair while he closed his eyes and rested. You see, Holden took care of Sean all the time. So sometimes, Sean enjoyed taking care of Holden. Hanging On There came a time in which Holden Wilson began to drift from Sean Jackson. This could not be pinpointed on a timeline. Sean could not recall the exact moment or place when it began, but he did remember when he recognized it. There came a day when Sean Jackson was sharing coffee with his lover and he caught a flicker of light diminishing behind his eyes. It halted his thoughts, words falling from his lips unsaid. By the time Sean realized he was losing his love, it was too late. Refusal and denial were Sean's first instincts. In bed, he would pull Holden so close to him that he could feel both of their heartbeats. When they made love, he held on with all of his might, his fingers marking and bruising the other man. Holden did not complain. Holden did not say much, in truth. Afterward, Holden would fall onto Sean's chest and take a deep breath before dodging away and curling into himself on their bed. Sean would meld his body with Holden's, and Holden would allow it. But he was a ragdoll beneath Sean's fingers, moving as he was directed, speaking when spoken to, doing as he was asked. Sean came to accept this. He was not the type for confrontation, never one to start a fight. Even as he felt Holden slipping through his fingers, he resolved that Holden would never leave. That some force of the universe, some higher power, had bound their souls together. So when he arrived home and found Holden's bags by the door, when he saw Holden standing there in the living room with his hands clenched and head down, he felt every inch of his skin burn and go numb. He called out to him. As Holden took his belongings to his car and packed them into the trunk, he stood there, pleading, saying words he had kept to himself, promises that he should have made long ago, finally fighting. Holden only spoke once. As he was getting into his car, he turned to Sean and raised his hand to the other man's cheek. Sean grabbed it but Holden pulled away, shaking his head. He sat down in his car and looked up at Sean. The blazing in Sean's chest was his alone now. As their eyes held, Sean searched for any ember, any spark, but found none. \"I'm sorry, Sean. I just can't keep hanging on.\"[Chapter 2] The Story By: KellyCRocker59 Part Two Take It All In his realm of consciousness, Sean Jackson flickered in and out. Some days he would be fine, walking down the street with his coffee, heading into meetings, discussing PR. Other days, he would feel a noose around his neck, bricks fastened to his calves. He would lie in bed for hours and memorize the velocity of his ceiling fan. He would listen without speaking, without hearing. He would leave tasks uncompleted, wouldn't go out with friends. Some days he was fine. Others, he could function only at base level. He tried sex once. He went to a club, picked up a cute guy and brought him back to his house. They kissed a little bit, and that was fine. But when it came time for the intimacy, Sean could feel his stomach in knots, threatening to purge the alcohol inside him. So he went out to his balcony and took a few deep breaths, lost himself in the stars, tried to piece together his thoughts. When the guy came outside to check on him, he asked him to go home. His request fell like liquid ice from his lips, he surprised even himself. But he still did not ask the man to stay, instead spending another night lost in his bedroom. Sean Jackson tried to rehabilitate himself. He tried to grab the pieces of his heart and match them up, get them to fit together again. But it was an endless task, infuriating and impossible. He would look at himself in the mirror, searching his own reflection for some truth. He would converse with himself, trying to ease himself with the sound of his voice, like it was some sort of compass for sanity. It was fruitless; all the self-searching in the world could not return him to what he had been. It was one day when he was brushing his teeth, refusing to think about anything at all because that only led to further deprecation, when he came to the only logical conclusion, the one that had been so blatant from the moment he was left in his driveway. When Holden had left him, he had unstitched their souls so clumsily that part of Sean had managed to stay with him and leave its original owner trapped in his memories. Mechanics of the Heart Holden was building his life around a world without Sean Jackson. He was stabilizing the walls, fastening the ropes, nailing down boards and tightening bolts. He had constructed his own entity, his own reality, yet somehow there was were missing pigments in the picture, glaring errors in the blueprint. He had calculated it all to perfection, so that he would not feel the ache of solitude or the plea of his own desperation. Yet somehow down the line, there was a hole in the plan. So when it happened, when Holden found himself back at Sean's door, unlocking it with a key he had just removed from his keychain, when he stepped across the hardwood and found those hazy eyes fixated upon him, brow creased, he felt a light filling him again, bane to the darkness that had established itself and grown like a cancer. It was banished with such ease that Holden wondered if it had even existed, taken by the conviction in Sean's gaze. Holden pressed the tips of his fingers to Sean's temple, feeling the gentle pulse. The soothing exhalation of Sean's breath sent a warm radiance through Holden's chest, dismantling the exterior planes of distance he had forged within himself. He had spent months exiling himself into his own realm of loneliness but here Sean was, open and willing and ready, finally ready. Sean sat up, muttering words that Holden could scarce hear. Instead, he let the other man seize his arm and pull him into his arms. Their lips were a botched exercise in memorization and recollection, Sean reclaiming every breadth of skin he could touch, as Holden became the willing subject, grasping at Sean's hair. Gun smoke in the still air, this was peace. Waves against the shore, this was tranquility. The breath before the leap, this was euphoria. The gasp before the touch and the promise before the commitment, this was love. Promise This Being together was work. Not the kind of work that logs some time and sees payoff. It was legitimate and frustrating. Holden knew from the beginning that being with Sean Jackson the professional football player was far different than being with Sean, the man who woke him with his favorite coffee and kissed him when he least expected. Yet it was still jarring, being thrown into a world of photographs and lights and attention deficit social media. Don't talk about it. That was a big rule that Sean's PR had established early on. If Holden was approached, he was to ignore the paparazzi and continue his business as he would in any other instance. The scrutiny was another aspect he had not anticipated. Scrutiny from men, mostly, when he went to the gym. When he walked to a bookstore or went grocery shopping. There was at least one odd look every time, and he should be used to it. He should know that this was part of the life he had chosen, but he had never before realized how much value he put into his own privacy. Then there were the football games. He would go, of course. He had never been a regular attendee prior to dating Sean, but he would go and park himself in special seating and wince through ever blow Sean took. Sean would never admit it, but Holden's presence was momentous, and Holden would do this for him. He would endure watching Sean get himself beaten up, and he would not intervene when people threw themselves on Sean after the games even though the poor man was exhausted. He would bear it all, week after week, in silence. Sometimes, Holden would be lost in his head, thinking of all the things that they would not get to do in public. Paula was adamant that Sean was not to show Holden affection when they were out for a while, so that people could be eased into their relationship. Sean agreed to it grudgingly, and Holden had thought nothing of it. But then there were the times he would reach for Sean's hand as they walked down the street and Sean would eye him in caution and that commitment became an aching reminder of the repression he had thought they had expelled after Sean came out. But then there were the nights. Nights when Holden would lie down over Sean and press his fingers along the other man's aching back, summoning groans of appreciation. Nights when they would make tea and tangle their limbs together on the couch, appreciating the silence. Nights when love could be made without pretense or interruption, when it was all that mattered in the world and Holden could die in the arms of his lover. It was nights like these, when their breaths melded and Sean would kiss a promise to Holden's lips, that he knew this was where he would spend the rest of his life.[Chapter 3] The Story By: KellyCRocker59 Part Three Monday Morning It's a Monday morning. It's too early, too bright, too busy, too loud, too…too much. It's Monday morning and Holden cannot handle it, because Monday mornings are forever marked as the worst moments in his life. As if to prove it, he's already wearing his coffee, courtesy of a cyclist pressing through traffic like it was their first triathlon. It very well may have been, but Holden will be damned if it's going to force him to waste coffee and dirty himself at the same time. The office is quiet, which is a pleasant change from the bustling streets. Meetings leech what little life he had in him until lunch, when he is enthused to the point of optimism to enjoy his beautiful Greek salad and iced tea. He chats with some of his co-workers and it brightens his mood, but then he is once again dropped into the world of papers and reading and improving and the general tediousness of a 9 to 5. He had been on far too many business trips to have to deal with these things, he told himself again and again as he committed several numbers to memory, typing them across his computer screen amongst walls of text. But it was a slow time and he had to be in the office. Being in the office built character, or at least that was what one football playing, jersey wearing man had told him over dinner several nights back. Holden was pressed to believe him; he had gotten out of the habit of working toward a goal, and this work was the perfect amount of busywork with the occasional spark of interest to keep him from becoming a housewife. He had romanticized his own career though, it seemed. He couldn't remember ever being this devoid of joy when sitting at his desk prior to his mini vacation during football season. The day concluded and Holden called Sean from a cab. To his surprise, Sean told him to take the cab to their shared favorite Italian restaurant. It was only now reaching five thirty, but Holden agreed. Upon arriving, he found Sean had already gotten them a table. He seemed more animated than usual, and Holden found it infectious, alleviating the general dissatisfaction he felt for not deciding to stay in bed all day. Sean took him by the hand as they left the restaurant, a gesture Paula had finally begun allowing a month ago. Leading him down the hectic streets and to a quaint ice cream parlor where they had shared a milkshake over a year ago, Sean sat Holden down and placed their orders on his own. Holden found himself admiring the bright colors and peering along at the vacant seats. This was not his typical Monday night; he was used to his sweats and college t-shirt, in front of the television. Sean took a seat across from him with ice cream bowls in hand. Holden took his readily and found he devoured the dessert far more quickly than he should be comfortable. Sean was not much slower, and as they relaxed against the soft cushions of the booth, Sean began to say things that were out of place. He began reminiscing upon their first date, on what Holden cooked him when he invited Sean to his apartment. He was recalling the lost dog they had found and taken into care until the owner finally reclaimed it. Holden was bemused by the sudden revitalization of the past, but then Sean took his hand and pulled him out of the booth. As Sean knelt and pulled a black box out of his pocket, Holden could feel the pieces unifying. He bit back a tear and swallowed the lump in his throat, nodding for the question. He only just managed to say yes before Sean was tackling him for a kiss. No Regrets Unlike Holden's forward thinking, politically correct, energy efficient parents, Sean's parents were not so accepting of him. From a very young age, he was told that he was special. When he was able to take a football across a field with minimal interception, this claim was made factually correct. Throughout high school, he was his mother's son, his father's crown jewel. He was lavished with love and praise, made to believe that his parents' love was unshakeable. Then came college. With college, there was Toby. Toby was a cute English major who sat beside him in Honors Chemistry. Poor Toby was terrible at science, and Sean took it upon himself to offer study sessions. These study sessions somehow turned into tentative flirting then uncertain kisses, and finally wistful nights of lovemaking. Discovering another boy's body as he came into his own sexual identity left Sean flustered and obsessed. So began his first love. Nights spent talking, days spent texting, weekends spent in hibernation between the sheets; it was an awakening that Sean had craved since he reached sexual maturity. He was so overcome with this alien experience that he decided he would bring Toby home with him for a day over winter break. When he announced this to his mom, his supportive, nurturing, kind mother, he did not expect the dial tone that followed. And with love, came change. He had Toby, but he also had disownment from his parents. He clung to Toby like an insect to fruit on a hot summer day, and it was what ultimately broke their relationship. By the summer of his freshman year of college, he was housed in a home that had been sapped of love and replaced with cold distance. As he grew up, he matured and forgave, though it was never again the same. His mother came to ignore the aspect of his life she did not appreciate, and his dad supported him until the subject arose. Their relationship became one of polite acknowledgment and habitual care. He had only one other boyfriend after Toby and before Holden, but it was like trying to lift off from a combat zone. So when he realized he should call his parents to tell them he was engaged to his boyfriend of five years whom they had yet to meet, he found his hesitance was justified. Listening to the ring as he sat on his balcony, wrapped in sunlight, a cool numbness settled beneath his skin. His mom answered on the fourth ring. The hello was tender. When he made his identity known, the tone sifted the slightest, so slight he would not have noticed had he not been conditioned to recognize it. \"I have something to tell you.\" She inquired for further information. \"I proposed to the man I've been dating for five years. He said yes. We're getting married.\" He could feel the frail crack of his mother's voice, could sense the development of a response. She wanted to know the date. He told her it was not set. She did not inquire further. \"Do you want an invitation once we decide?\" He asked, losing ground against his own apathy. She responded with a polite yes. He knew better than to hope for anything other than another call before the wedding. Flood Watching Holden sleep became a pastime for Sean once they began living together. The easy trace of Holden's hairline, the curve of his chin, the gentle hairs collecting along it. The other man was late to bed, late to rise, making it all the easier for Sean to tumble out of post-slumber daze and into the warm light of the sun across his lover's face with the turn of a shoulder. Holden had a habit of hogging the sheets and in his heavy unconscious, he made for a reckless spooning partner. Sean once woke in the darkest hour of night to the sensation of being constricted, one of Holden's legs wrapped around him while another arm was strung over him, their bare skin practically woven together. He had managed to pry Holden's limbs off just enough to allow air to reach his lungs before settling back to sleep, content with being Holden's dream pillow. Unlike Holden, Sean was slept light. Nightmares never found manifestation in his shallow dreaming; a heavy wind tossed his mind back into reality on any given night. When it did, he would untangle himself from Holden and go to the kitchen, dim lights illuminating his figure as he fixed tea. He would sit at the kitchen table or by the fireplace and fall into a deeper fantasy than any dream could conjure. He would see his life years in the future, would imagine children, Holden with greying hair and their friends gathered for some grand event. These machinations would warm his mind as the tea soothed his body. He would find his consciousness settling back within his body as he stared outside at the material world, so permanent yet still so fleeting. Then came Holden's role. \"Sean, what…\" He would turn and there would be Holden, standing in one of Sean's t-shirts, a size too big and hanging off of him. He would scratch at his face, sometimes his head, always caught between perplexity and concern while unconsciously clawing his way out of whatever dream had loosened his mind from reality. \"Just couldn't sleep.\" Sean would answer, not awaiting the question. He would leave his mug at the table and stand, walking over to Holden, illuminated by the kitchen light. \"Come on, babe; let's go back to bed.\" \"You alright?\" Holden would ask, grabbing Sean's hand as if on cue and melding their fingers together. Sean would nod, never lying. Holden would peer at him for a moment as they stood shrouded in the dark, the perfect time to keep a secret, yet the worst time to escape Holden's worrying eye. \"Yeah, I promise.\" Sean would say, tugging at Holden's hand, leading them back to their bedroom. Holden would get in bed and drag Sean down with him, the other man lingering over him, if just for a moment. Holden was oblivious always, eager to sleep again. \"Love you.\" Sean would whisper, carefully looping an arm over Holden's side. \"Love you too, Sean.\" Holden would mutter, nuzzling into a pillow while yanking Sean's arm more firmly around him. Nights like these, Sean was haunted by so many demons. The ones that could not reach him in his slumber, the ones that would somehow hook into him and pull him to life and force him into confrontation. That was why he would find his place, and he would wait. He would wait for Holden to realize he was gone, and would wait for to see him wrapped in night and dim light, the picture of innocence. He was Sean's siren when he was lost in a tsunami, guiding him home. Holden was his tether, binding them and keeping him from all of his fears and enemies. Just one look, one word, and the storm in Sean's mind was calmed.[Chapter 4] The Story By: KellyCRocker59 Part Four Breathe Sean did a lot of running. Running in the mornings, shirtless across the beach with sand giving way beneath his feet. During football practice, stop and start, joints locking. Up the stairs at Holden's beckoning, a blur of movement with clothes jettisoned from his body. Holden did not run. When he exercised, it was on an elliptical or a spin machine, legs kept in a very exact motion so as not to leave much to his coordination. He would sweat a grotesque amount. The worst part was that there was no point in his exercise routine that left him glistening in the sexy way weightlifters always did after hitting their maximum repetitions. Holden was not a sexy man, and certainly not so when he was exercising. When Sean asked him to go for a run one morning, Holden refused. When he offered again a few days later, Holden once again refused. Weeks later, after numerous requests, Holden finally agreed to run with Sean. Dressed in the most cardio-enthusiast t-shirt and shorts he possessed, he joined Sean, all toned and strong bare torso and sweats outside their home. \"I usually run to the edge of the beach and back. It takes about thirty-five, maybe forty minutes. You ready?\" Sean asked. Holden nodded, steadying his breath. And like that, Sean was off, Holden stumbling into a jog behind him. At first he kept a decent pace, but within ten minutes, the sand beneath his feet felt like a vacuum. He had passed the point of sweat by the twenty-five minute mark and felt like an ogre who had abandoned his swamp mid-morning. Finally, as his legs quivered and his lungs struggled to keep up with his need for oxygen, Sean stopped in front of their home, breathing heavy but hardly breathless. He turned to Holden. \"Feels good, right?\" Holden limped to a chair on the patio and deposited himself there, panting as his muscles eased to rest. Sean walked over to him, hands on the waistband of his sweats. Holden looked up at his smile, full of playfulness. \"What, was that a little rough?\" \"You're legitimately insane. Not like, 'oh, look I'm crazy and quirky, I'm so cute'. No, Sean, you are actually psychologically broken if you think there is any enjoyment to be had in that.\" Holden replied, taking a deep breath and bowing his head. Sean laughed as he stood over him, draping him in shade. \"You'll get used to it, I'm sure. I mean, that was your first time running in sand, wasn't it? It gets a lot easier.\" Holden shook his head. \"I'm just going to need to go shower right now. We can talk about this elusive 'again' some other time.\" \"You want me to join?\" Sean asked as Holden pried himself up from the seat. \"Honestly, you would get about zero enjoyment from a mutual shower at this moment, so I think it's best if you wait.\" He left Sean outside on the patio to bathe in the shine of the morning. After he showered, he returned downstairs to find Sean with a college t-shirt on, still dressed in his sweats, swinging his car keys around his finger. Holden raised an eyebrow. \"I wanted to thank you for going out for a run with me, so I figured we could go get some coffee?\" Holden sighed, leaning against the bannister. \"Sounds perfect. Maybe we can discuss some sort of intervention for your obsessive desire for cardiovascular health?\" Sean just laughed and ushered him to their car. Untouchable The sky was a mirage of golden yellow overhead. Holden had spent hours of the night studying the stars overhead, searching for answers to questions he knew he could not answer himself. He had never been particularly religious, but in his mid-twenties what had begun as a fad diet had turned into a deep spirituality. Now, he yearned for some sort of justification for this life that was slipping through his fingers. The cool wind was the harbinger of the autumn weather fast approaching. He was not used to the nights like this, spent out on a porch with a star-kissed sky and a luminescent moon. It was almost disconcerting; he had never experienced the vast quality that the sky possessed at night. His childhood had been offices and skyscrapers, unrelenting concrete and apathetic faces. His eyes were diverted from the sky as a hand landed on his shoulder, a gentle hold that urged him to turn to look at the face paired with it. Sean held a mug of hot chocolate and was dressed in a warm sweater, lines of stress eased away by the comfort of his hometown. \"You alright?\" He asked, taking a seat beside Holden. \"Yeah, just…thoughtful, I guess.\" Holden mumbled, twisting the ring on his finger. \"You can talk to me about it, babe. I mean, if we're really gonna do this, it's kind of necessary that we discuss our issues.\" Sean coaxed. Holden sighed. \"It's nothing. I mean, it shouldn't be anything, I guess. But it is. It's me, getting lost in my head again, basically.\" He looked up and Sean was leaning forward, studying him. Holden sighed and continued, averting eye contact. \"I didn't expect your parents to be so…cold. I mean, I wasn't exactly expecting a warm welcome, but I guess I thought that if they saw us together, if they really got a sense of what we're doing here, they would be more understanding.\" Sean grabbed Holden's hand with his free one, linking their fingers together. Holden chanced a look up at him, and something behind the other man's gaze stole the chill from his body. \"It's going to be alright, okay? I mean, I was hoping for a better reception too, but I've known them my whole life, and the only thing they hold a higher standard to than family is traditional values. My mom…it's probably going to take years, honestly. But those years I'll have you, and we'll be happy. Lots of family dinners at your folks' place, if that's okay by them.\" Holden nodded. \"My dad has been endlessly devoted to you since you two met. He probably looks forward to Thanksgiving now more than I do.\" \"And you do love your Chinese takeout.\" Sean added. Holden smiled and clasped Sean's hand between both of his. \"That I do, that I do.\" They sat there in silence for a while, a long while of neither of them speaking, before Sean stood with mug in hand. He gave Holden's hand a slight tug. \"Come on; you've been out here way too long. Let's get you warmed up.\" Holden grinned, jumping to his feet. \"Sounds perfect.\" As Sean led them back inside, Holden would have sworn that he could see the stars spelling out their names. Drive There was dust flecked along the cracked mirror and a stench permeating from the trashcan. The white sink was chipped and the graffiti decorated the toilet. Sean took a breath, careful where he settled his hands on the sink as white dribbled from it. He closed his eyes, inhaled, exhaled, and then left. Holden was waiting at the cash register, bag of almonds and a mixed bottled coffee in hand. He eyed Sean with a furrowed brow as he approached. \"You want me to take over for a few hours?\" Sean shook his head. \"I'm good until the next stop. I'll just grab an energy drink and call it good.\" He headed to the cooler, snatching the least offensive and most oversized can before heading to the register where Holden was getting ready to shell out money for his snacks. Sean nudged him aside, set his drink down and handed the cashier a twenty. \"You don't have to always pay for my stuff, Sean.\" Sean flashed him his teeth. \"Yeah I do, babe. Part of the job description.\" Holden snorted but gave him a light push of his shoulder as he grabbed his almonds and drink. Sean got his change, watching the cashier as he looked from Holden to Sean and then back to Holden, who was heading toward the exit. There was a light behind his eyes that Sean knew too well. \"You out of change or something?\" He questioned, feeling blood pulse to his brain. The cashier shook his head a few times and reached into the open register, issuing the correct amount into Sean's hand. \"Have a nice night.\" He mumbled as Sean left. \"Yeah you too, dude.\" Sean replied shortly, walking outside. Streetlights illuminated the parking lot, and he spotted Holden standing outside the SUV, massaging his forehead. \"You sure you don't want to take a nap?\" Sean asked, caressing Holden's shoulder. The other man shook his head. \"Naw, I'm good. I have to keep you company, anyway.\" \"You have anymore surprises hidden on your iPod?\" Sean asked as Holden circled the vehicle and he climbed into the driver's seat. Holden took his seat, immediately fishing the device out of the cup holder. \"I don't know; you'll just have to wait and see.\" \"I don't know if I can handle much more Cyndi Lauper.\" Sean responded, shoving the keys into the ignition. \"She only has three good songs and we listened to all of them already. Don't worry.\" Some odd 80's synths started blasting from the speakers and Sean cracked open his beverage and took a gulp before pulling out of the parking lot. \"How many hours until we get to your sister's house?\" Holden asked. \"About four hours.\" Sean replied. \"Great; just enough time to run through my comprehensive best of disco playlist.\" Holden laughed as Sean glared his way. \"Just kidding; I think I'm feeling some No Doubt, actually.\" \"That's a bit better.\" Sean said, turning his attention back to the deserted city road. \"So…you said your sister's a good cook.\" Holden began. Sean nodded. \"Probably the best I know.\" \"But does she know how to make a good pecan pie?\" \"Trust me, your palette is safe with her.\" \"I think you underestimate my culinary aptitude. I didn't order a pecan pie this year from my favorite bakery because you said she was the messiah of the kitchen. There's a lot riding on this.\" Sean ran a hand through his hair. \"Are you sure you aren't just nervous to meet the rest of my family?\" Holden shrugged. \"Not really. Maybe. A little bit.\" Sean grasped his hand, settling them on the armrest. Holden visibly slouched in his seat and rested his head back. \"It's going to be great, babe. I promise.\" \"I hope your right.\"[Chapter 5] The Story By: KellyCRocker59 Part Five Lightning and Gold The chandeliers illuminated the ballroom, individuals talking in some circles, others snacking or sipping wine. A crystal sculpture of a lion was the hub, some women maintaining their close distance to the extravagant art, not daring to move more than several feet from the focal point. Holden popped a small bacon-wrapped hot dog into his mouth, letting his tongue run across it, feeling the texture. He peered around the room, past knitted groups. He took a taste of his wine to clear his mouth of the aftertaste. He looked around the room once more, idly walking toward the center. A woman across the room caught his gaze and was receptive, but he turned away. \"Looking for someone?\" He turned toward the crystal lion. Standing with wine in hand, Sean wore a fashionable silver and white suit and a disarming grin. Holden smiled back. \"I didn't know if you would show.\" \"Of course I came; this is important to you, and I said I'd be here.\" \"Yeah, but with training camp and everything, I figured you needed your rest.\" \"Screw it. Besides, there's gotta be some rule against skipping your fiancée's charity banquet. I think I'd be sprinting to hell for that one.\" Holden's brow furrowed and he nodded, tight-lipped. \"Oh, surely. I'd like to think that's the standard measurement of who gets sent to hell: the number of charity banquets an individual attends.\" \"Then you're basically locked into heaven, aren't you?\" Sean questioned. Holden shook his head. \"No, no, you're forgetting purgatory. That's far more tricky business. They actually weigh out the ratio of hors d'oeuvres to wine each person consumes throughout the night.\" Sean suppressed a smile. \"And only the ones with a ratio of 2 to 1 get into heaven, I'm assuming?\" \"Oh, then they see how many cats you've taken care of; anyone can care for a dog, but cats are a much better measure of character.\" Holden allowed himself to break composure after that, Sean following suit. Holden stepped closer to him, lowering his voice. \"Between you and me, though; I'm glad you made it.\" Sean nodded. \"Of course, babe.\" Holden smiled and then left him, walking across the room to the podium and microphone that had been set up. After a rousing speech that began a round of applause, Holden was wrestled into conversations with various donors, some affected by personal tragedy and others moved by his speech. Sean spent the evening at a distance, observing the other man as he interacted with businessmen and socialites, lawyers and bankers. He drained his wine and ate a few deviled eggs without a sound. \"Sean Jackson?\" He turned toward a man who looked to be in his late fifties, grey-flecked hair and spectacles resting precarious on his nose. He thrust out a hand before Sean could muster a response. \"I'm Thomas Edgar. CEO of some business you probably don't care about. I just wanted to say hi; I'm a big fan.\" Sean shook his hand, managing to compose his professional smile. \"Nice to meet you, sir.\" \"What brings you to a businessman's charity? Surely your people didn't rope you into speaking at this.\" Sean shook his head. \"No, I'm engaged to the host.\" The man raised an eyebrow as their hands separated. \"Oh? That's interesting; I thought that was Holden Wilson.\" \"It is. He's my fiancée.\" Sean replied, jaw flexing against the words. The man's eyes flickered to life. \"Oh! I didn't…goodness, I suppose I should watch more Sports Center. My wife, she's always chatting over the games, I tend to just pay attention to the screen rather than the announcers. I'm such a busy man, I didn't even know that you were…\" Sean shrugged. \"Not many people did until about a year ago.\" \"So you and Holden…you've been together for a while?\" \"Three years now.\" Sean caught Holden's eye across the room as he was shaking someone's hand. He turned back to Thomas. \"Well that's very admirable of you. Doing the traditional thing despite not necessarily being everyone's idea of traditional.\" Sean nodded. \"Yeah, I figure if I like it I should put a ring on it.\" Thomas nodded, unaware, seeming lost in his head. Sean balanced his weight from foot to foot, waiting. \"Actually, Sean, I…this is awkward, really, I just met you, but…I have to ask for some advice.\" \"Go for it, sir.\" Sean replied. \"My son. He loves basketball. He's getting recruitment letters from colleges and universities across the nation, offering him full-ride scholarships. He had a girlfriend in middle school, briefly, but…he never talks about women, not the way I did when I was his age. And we're close, as close as we can be given my job. I love him, I just…\" \"Just let him know that. If I'm picking up on what you're implying, he's young and more than likely scared. If your suspicions are true, you just have to love him through it. I wish my parents had done that for me. Until then, just be subtle and if the topic ever comes up, find some way of letting him know it's not an issue for you.\" Thomas nodded. \"Yes. That does sound best. Sean, I...well, thank you. That's really all.\" Sean nodded, and offered his hand. Thomas shook it with a smile. \"No problem, sir. I hope all goes well.\" With that, Thomas was gone. Holden would ask Sean on the car ride home what had prompted such intimate conversation with a stranger. Sean would give an ambiguous answer, because it wasn't really important anyway. Holden would let it go, twining their fingers together. Sean would smile to himself and run his thumb across the back of Holden's hand, vowing his life to this man. Blank Page Sean closed the door behind them, back pressed to the wood as Holden toed out of his shoes. He watched the other man, fingers tightening around the brass doorknob. Holden turned to him, hands on his hips. \"Well?\" \"Well, this is it.\" Sean answered. \"It is, isn't it?\" Holden asked, breaking out in a splitting grin. Sean nodded, swallowing around the lump in his throat. He fastened the lock on the door. \"Do you feel any different?\" Holden shrugged, crossing the room and stepping up onto the bed. He bounced on the balls of his feet, seeming incapable of not smiling. \"I feel sort of relieved, I guess.\" \"Why's that?\" Sean asked. \"Well because now once you realize I'm crazy, you're going to have to file paperwork before you can get rid of me. And by then I'll have you tied up in the basement on a diet of chicken broth.\" \"You really are insane, Mr. Jackson.\" Sean replied, shaking his head. \"Mr. Jackson, huh? I like the sound of that.\" Holden said, furrowing his brow in thought. Sean took that moment to cross the expanse between them in a run, leaping onto the bed with Holden. It took the other man by surprise, sending he careening toward the edge of the bed. Sean grabbed his forearms, steadying him with a laugh. Once Holden realized he wasn't going to die, his smile returned. \"This tie…it's too much.\" Sean began, letting go of Holden and working to free the accessory from his neck. \"Here, let me do it.\" Holden said, reaching forward and making short work of the tie, letting it hang around the other man's neck. \"Better?\" Sean nodded, working down the buttons midway, revealing his white undershirt. Meanwhile, Holden shrugged out of his jacket, depositing it on the floor. \"Much, much better.\" Holden agreed, beginning to bounce again. Sean leaned down, examining one of the pillows. \"I wonder what these are made of...\" \"Why do you care? I had stop you once from buying a pillow from Wal-Mart.\" Holden said, peering around their large suite. \"Well, because I wanted to know what would happen when I did this! \" Sean spun around with pillow in hand and whacked Holden across the chest with it. Holden let out a loud 'oof' and attempted to grab Sean's jacket as he spun. Sean laughed like a five year-old, watching the other man as his attempt failed and he collapsed on his back on the king sized bed. \"Sean Jackson, you…\" Holden began, huffing. \"Me what, babe?\" Sean asked, bouncing on the bed with a twinkling in his eyes. \"You… get down here! \" Holden demanded, yanking on the bottom of his jacket so hard that Sean's upper body bent all the way over and he fell to his knees. Holden grabbed the back of his neck and pulled, bringing their lips together. Sean's hands settled on the other man's neck, thumbs caressing his jaw as he returned the kiss, closing his eyes ever so slow. Sean huffed out a laugh as they pulled apart, pressing his face into the crook of Holden's shoulder. Holden joined in this time, wrapping his arms around the other man's shoulders. \"Can you…\" Sean sat up, clearing his throat. \"Can you believe this is our life?\" Holden shook his head, and when Sean looked him in the eyes, he lost the will to breathe. Holden reached up, pressing his hand to Sean's chest, over his heart. \"You and me, Sean. Forever.\" Sean nodded. \"Forever. I promise.\" JOY Joy was one of the least tangible emotions. Joy came and went so quickly, in unexpected and unplanned moments, escaping just as it came with no explanation. Joy could not be planned. Some people fight for a moment of joy, to be with a loved one for just one night. To hold their children at night. To finally be free. Holden knew joy as the smile that greeted him in the morning. Joy to him was the feeling of callused hands staking their claim, of words whispered in the night. Joy was anything and everything that bound him to Sean Jackson. This, though, this was not joy. This was life dissipating beneath his feet. This was the world itself lifting its guise and exposing anguish and pain he had never known. There was no joy in white walls and tears on linoleum tiles. There was no joy in the comfort of strangers or empty stairwells. There was no joy at all. Holden began to realize that he would have to find a new form of joy, for what he had believed to be the heart of it had been drained of all the joy he could remember.[Chapter 6] The Story By: KellyCRocker59 Part Six Stay When Sean was just beginning his career in the NFL, he had spent three weeks in the hospital. That was what severe head trauma and a broken arm got you, a risk he had known going into major league football. He could still taste the flavorless jello, could still see the banal curtains that conjoined with walls that sapped him of optimism. It had been his parents that had pulled him out of the depths of misery and back into the world from which he had been ejected. He held an animosity toward hospitals because of this. If he had to receive a flu shot, he would do it elsewhere. If he had to get a wellness exam, it was in a local clinic. Despite its necessity, no other place had manifested so much frustration within him. So when the call came in, when the numbness reached his fingertips and Holden's arms pulled him from his chair and onto the couch, he was given another reason to confront his demons. Cushioned chairs became his new residence, polite thank you's and forced strength a necessity. He held her hand, knowing this day would come, knowing that it was inevitable that she would leave before him, but always refusing to see it in the near future. Now it was here and it was watching ice melt between his fingers. Heartbreak left him with only Holden to cling to late at night when he was too exhausted to remain stoic, when he no longer needed to be the one that didn't cry. He should know by now that life didn't always deal a fair hand, yet he would never understand why it had to be him, why it had to be now and not later when he was stronger, when he could really handle this. The days limped along. People came and went, and she didn't get better. Months passed, the leaves fled from the trees, finding solace on the ground. The days were taking their toll on his father, and soon he found himself alone with her more and more. Holden would always show up after work, bringing food and offering comfort when Sean needed it most. He wouldn't stay long, leaving Sean alone with her as she faded in and out of sleep. In the midst of fall, when life wasn't getting easier, Holden arrived with a brown bag of food for dinner. Sean offered a smile and Holden leaned down to press a kiss to his forehead. \"I'll see you at home.\" Holden whispered, squeezing his shoulder before turning on his heel. \"Wait.\" Sean blinked, staring at his mom as she reached out a hand. Holden halted and turned back around. Their eyes held and silence befell the three of them. \"Stay.\" She managed with a gasp, the first words she had spoken all day. Holden stepped forward once, then twice, and then he took a seat in the vacant chair beside Sean. She reached out for him, and he leaned forward, taking her hand. \"Thank you. For…\" She was taken by a fit of coughing. \"…for loving him.\" Holden smiled and held her hand in both of his. \"Thank you for taking care of him.\" Two days later, Sean's mother passed away. Tragedy People say life is made up of a bunch of little details. Holden would argue that it is made up of little words. Ones that don't mean a lot when they are said, yet carry so much gravity as time passes. Holden would argue that despite every event that builds upon another, in spite of every action you commit, a few words could turn your stone temple to sand. He realized that as he stood on the platform, watching people crowding around him, some fighting to get to the front. There was a girl, maybe twelve years old, clutching an oversized stuffed teddy bear and swaying. An elderly man looked out across the station. The folded up paper in his pocket felt like a lead weight, searing into his thigh, branding him with its importance. He cautioned a breath in the autumn air, warming his hands in his jacket. The train came into the station and halted with a clean squeal. Holden stepped back as the passengers flooded the floor, all in search. There was one woman who found that girl with the teddy bear. A man searched through the crowd, passing over Holden. Finally, a woman in her early sixties appeared, grey curls tied behind her, a deep red jacket draped over her meager shoulders. Holden stepped forward, and when she saw him, she became a swan amongst duckling, weaving through impossibly narrow gaps and reaching him, hands finding his as their eyes connected. \"Mom.\" He whispered, almost choking on the words. \"Not here, dear. To a coffee shop.\" She replied, giving him a smile that swallowed his fears. Yesterday He lost the habit to function as a normal human being as the days went on. It was a dark world, a world he did not even realize existed until a month ago. He was being unfair because of it. He knew that, he knew that he was being selfish. But he was taking this time to allow himself to be selfish. If not now, then when? When would he ever get the chance again to lay in bed all day and stare at the ceiling because it was all that he could bring himself to do? When would it be okay to not eat for three days and then finally swallow down some rice because he had become light-headed? When else would his coach let him make his own schedule despite all of his prior commitments? That was yesterday. Today, he was dressed in black alone in an empty church. Head down, eyes closed, he could feel a thousand weights on his body, anchoring him to his seat. He could breathe, but just barely. He hadn't cried. He couldn't cry. There was a hand on his shoulder. He didn't look up, didn't budge at all. That hand found his as another person attempted to lift the burden from him. He choked back a sob, and an arm was around his shoulders, pulling him close, sheltering him from his own personal thunder.[Chapter 7] The Story By: KellyCRocker59 Part Seven Grasp The moon cast a pale spotlight across Holden's back. His face was buried in the mattress, a pillow trapped beneath his stomach. He fisted the sheets as sweat coursed down his back, droplets pooling in the arch of his spine. Palms cupped his hips steadying him against the unrelenting force. His mind swam in an ocean of desperation, a desire for appeasement overwhelming any coherent thought. It left the two men lost in time, without limitation of commitment. Sean collapsed atop Holden when it was over, heaving warm breath across the other man's neck. Their hands found one another's, Sean unmoving, pressing a gentle kiss on Holden's jaw, thumbing the perspiration on his temple. \"I love you.\" He whispered in his ear, and Holden let the final remnants of tension ease from his body. \"Love you too.\" He replied, finding his peace beneath the other man. He could feel the burden of them both heavy on his heart. Sean was not coping well. He shouldn't be expected to; the man was so strong all the time, he was allowed this. So Holden would take the worried calls, he would cook all of the meals and make up excuses for their friends. He would talk to Paula and Kara and he would figure things out himself while Sean sat on the couch or at his desk. He would be the listening ear when Sean talked about his childhood and sifted through the photo albums. He would do this, be the release that Sean needed. Because it was nice to be Sean's rock for once. How to Love Sean had paternal instinct. He just did. It came with being from a tight-knit family when he was younger, from everything in his life being so very traditional and familial and comforting when he was in school. So when it came to raising a child, he had no issues. When he took their daughter in his arms for the first time, he gasped and smiled in the dramatic way that got a toddler excited. He had some sort of sixth sense, knowing when to tend to her every need. Then there was Holden. Holden, who had spent many nights of his childhood in front of the television, most of his high school pouring over textbooks and studying for advanced placement exams. He knew nothing of family outside of a roof and an income, and while that had developed as he had aged and had blossomed into something worth salvaging. So when their child arrived, Holden had no idea what to do. He was awestruck that this child was theirs. That he had finally been given this gift to nurture and parent. He had been moved to tears, and yet as the child settled in his arms, there was a disconnect. He didn't know how to emotionally bond with this child, and as the nights passed, it become more and more of a rift. Sean tried to comfort him, he really did, but Holden could take no solace in it. For years, he had sought to rectify the emotional vacancy he had been left with by his own parents by being everything his daughter needed. Now, he could only watch as she crawled over to Sean, as her tears ceased with a few of his gentle words. A sense of worthlessness he hadn't felt since he was in middle school began to overtake him. One restless night, Holden found his peace with a warm cup of tea and some soothing music. As he sat at the kitchen table, he closed his eyes, heavy from nights of endless interruption and attempted to soothe his mind. Instead, he was interrupted by the cries of their daughter. He sighed and rose, knowing that a train could crash into their bedroom and Sean wouldn't twitch. He rushed up the flight of stairs and down the hall to her bedroom, where she lay in bed, tears wetting her pillow. \"What is it, Isabelle?\" He whispered, kneeling beside her. She just shook her head, refusing to speak. He sighed, turning toward the door, contemplating if seeking out Sean would be the best solution. Instead, he turned back to her, offering the kindest smile he could. He took a slight breath, and let the words out in a quiet song. Little girl, never forget my eyes Keep them alive inside I promise to try, it's not the same Keep your head held high, ride like the wind Never look behind, life isn't fair He sang the rest of the lyrics, placing a hand on her forehead and thumbing the hair from her face. As he reached the second verse, the tears had stopped. By the time he finished singing, she had been lulled to sleep. Holden stood, looking down at his daughter as a pleasant ease coursed through him, warming his fingers. He smiled, absorbing the scene for a moment longer before returning to bed and descending into a weightless sleep. American Rays of sunlight left a shimmering light spread across the child's face as she lay there in the grass, tinting blonde curls into radiant gold strands. Holden smiled at the sight, feeling the warmth swelling in his stomach. His fingers danced along a page, searching once again for where he had left off. \"Daddy, can we go get snow cones tonight?\" He looked up once more, having read just a few words. She was sitting up now, her sundress parachuting off of her petite frame. He couldn't deny her, he knew. Months of trying to be the authoritative parent and he had given up; it just wasn't in him. \"Sure, sweetie. We're going to have to wait for papa to get home though. I don't think he would appreciate us leaving without him.\" She nodded. \"He works a lot in the summer.\" \"That's because your papa is really good at football, so he has to do a lot of work to get ready to play football during the season.\" \"Kids at school play football during recess, and there are always teachers stopping fights or taking someone to the nurse. Does papa get hurt?\" He paused. \"Well…your papa sort of has superpowers. He heals up really quickly, so any time he gets a few scrapes, they don't even bother him.\" \"So he's like an X-Man?\" Holden smiled. \"Yeah. Just like an X-Man.\" \"Talking about X-Men again? What are you doing to our daughter, sweetheart?\" Holden twisted in the chair and spotted Sean there, bag slung over his shoulder. His t-shirt clung to his chest and he glistened in the heat of the sun, but there was still a grin plastered to his face. \"Papa!\" The girl surged to her feet and crossed the yard. Sean dropped his bag in time to pick her up beneath her arms and lift her into the air, giving her a twirl. He placed a kiss on her forward before setting her back down. \"How's my baby girl doing?\" He asked. \"I swam three laps around the pool for the first time without stopping!\" She exclaimed. \"A whole three laps?! You're going to be ready for the Olympics soon at that rate!\" Sean exclaimed, kneeling before her. \"She finished the last of her books from the library today too.\" Holden added, approaching them. \"A genius too? I'm proud of you, Isabelle!\" Sean exclaimed, earning an extended smile from her. He got to his feet again, eyes softening as he looked at Holden. Just as the other man stepped within his range, Sean pulled him in and planted a kiss on his lips, hard and deep and yet brief. Holden pulled back, heartbeat noticeably raised as their hands found one another's. \"And how was your day?\" Sean asked. \"Good; I got more work done from home. They're still being very understanding of me wanting to be here with Isabelle.\" Sean nodded. \"Good to hear. Should we head inside?\" \"We're going to get snow cones tonight papa!\" Isabelle blurted. \"After dinner though, baby girl.\" Holden replied, leading Sean toward the house as Isabelle raced ahead of them. \"She's really been on a snow cone kick lately, hasn't she?\" Sean asked. \"Yeah; I was trying to discourage it, but she's been swimming so much and only really eats if I set food right in front of her. It's hard to keep weight on her, so I figured she can have one thing I don't say no to.\" Sean snorted. \"Babe, I don't think I've ever heard you tell that girl no.\" \"I have! Once or twice, it's happened. Promise.\" Holden retorted, pulling open the sliding glass door and letting them in. Isabelle darted off to her room down the hall and Sean set his bag on the counter. \"Whatever you say.\" He said with a smirk. Holden gave him a light push, and Sean grabbed his arm, spinning them around so that Holden was against the counter. He relished the gleam in Sean's eyes, the other man's hands planted on either side of him. He took a deep breath through his nose. \"You smell.\" He stated, poking Sean in the shoulder. \"Wanna help me shower?\" He asked. Holden nodded. \"I was counting on it.\"[Chapter 8] The Story By: KellyCRocker59 The Final Chapter All Too Well Raising Isabelle was like living in a storybook. As her Disney obsession took hold, her room began to fill with merchandise from The Magic Kingdom, Sean always being the parent that would bend to his daughter's every whim. Holden was pushed to use his imagination at every moment as her obsession with the Disney princesses took hold, forced to breathe life into every stuffed animal and each doll. Soon, he had fabricated an entire hierarchy and caste system for his daughter, one that she naturally ruled over with an iron fist. He was taken with the fleeting thought that she may make an incredible businesswoman or politician one day. As Isabelle aged, her fairytales became playground drama, and then lunchtime talk. In those years, Isabelle had to adjust to the presence of not one but two little siblings. It was Holden's idea; a life plan was unrolled after the discovery of his first grey hair, one that Sean the family man was enthusiastic about. They welcomed a precocious boy named Kyle, and around after Kyle turned one, they ended up with the quiet Sophia unexpectedly early, but a beautiful addition nonetheless. Holden had to start working part-time from home, and before long he also had to end that in order to take of the children. Kyle had a penchant for ravaging the cupboards, Sophia often found herself standing in the toilet, and Isabelle spent the whole time judging them from behind a book. Sean had to retire eventually as well, but they hardly needed to worry about money after Sean's lengthy career in the NFL. Sean loved all of the kids deeply, but he tended to spend extra time with Kyle. As Kyle grew up, Sean taught him about football and soon they were playing the real thing in the backyard, running through the sand. Kyle looked like a miniature Spartan warrior, face painted with seriousness as he attempted to dash past Sean. Holden found himself drawn to both of the girls, with Isabelle's growing thirst for knowledge and Sophia's curiosity regarding the world around her. When Isabelle was placed in Advanced Math and English in seventh grade, neither of the parents was surprised. Sophia joined every activity possible by the time she reached middle school. At this point, Kyle had been marked as the rising star of the football team and Isabelle was already examining possibilities of being accepted to an Ivy League university at the age of fourteen. Somehow, Holden wondered how they managed to raise three children so distinctly driven in their own ways. But then came the high school years. Kyle made the rounds with the cheerleaders, Sophia was caught sneaking out several nights a week, and Isabelle ended up keying her Physics teacher's car because he refused to write her a letter of recommendation. Sometimes Sean gave up on sleep, staying awake with a cup of tea, watching the door for Sophia's inevitable return. Some nights, Isabelle would stay up with him, pouring over the closing portion of a literary classic. Somehow, despite the chaos, Sean and Holden managed to send off their three children to respectable colleges, all three on their own paths. As they stood in Sophia's dormitory room for the first time, taking in the plain walls and bare furniture, all of life seemed to fall on Holden's shoulders at once. He didn't know how to explain it as he stifled the tears in their parting embrace. Sean gave her one final cautionary speech. Sophia nodded through it all, arguing that she had been through the partying phase already and it was over. Holden spent this time trying to memorize the pout of her lips, the curve of indignation that her brow often took during these discussions. They left her with one final hug each. Standing in the descending elevator, Holden couldn't restrain the tears any longer. Sean squeezed his hand, silent. He knew. Somehow, he had known for a long time, had come to cope with it over time. Holden had put it off, not acknowledged it. The truth of life was that it was finite. It wasn't an endless circle, the way Holden had envisioned for so long. He didn't expect to live forever, and yet he didn't expect it to sneak up on him so quickly, to catch him unaware. And here he was, trusting that he had raised three children right and in turn setting them free into the world. And here was Sean, beside him through it all, no matter what. The funny thing was, Holden still felt twenty-five, nights out with his friends, flirting with strangers and dancing until two in the morning. He could remember nights of Chinese take-out on his living room floor, finishing up final arrangements for work. He still saw the way Sean had looked at him that night, when they had first met. He remembered his heart breaking when he thought Sean wasn't the love of his life, and the way it was repaired when he realized he was wrong. He could still see the grin when Sean put the ring on his finger. Holden remembered every day of his children's lives, every family movie night and dinner, every football game and birthday party. It was all gone now, dissipated into the past. And yet he couldn't be sad or remorseful. He hadn't accomplished everything he had ever wanted, hadn't seen every dream come to fruition, but he wouldn't change anything. Somehow, it was all right. Somehow, he was happy. Euphoria Leaning against the refrigerator, Sean watched the turn of Holden's hips, returning the glimmer of a smile. He reached out but didn't quite touch, letting the other man wisp away to the sink, out of his reach. The lights of the kitchen haloed around the two of them, shrouding the rest of the house in darkness. Holden reached out and Sean began to raise his arm, but then Holden was beckoning him forward, and Sean was stepping without thinking, closing the distance between them. When his hands found Holden's hips, the tips of his fingers tingled. A shiver ran up his spine as Holden's arms hooked over his shoulders. He took the lead, and Holden followed. Holden hummed a song, immediately recognizable. Sean grinned as he spun them around, a strand of Holden's hair spilling onto his forehead. The humming stopped as Sean reached up, thumbing over the other man's cheek as they swayed in place. Rivulets of age splayed over the skin, and Sean sighed. Holden seized his hand and forced it back to his hip, lips tight. Sean turned them around again, this time pressing Holden's back to the refrigerator. Holden grabbed Sean's neck, pulling him down for a kiss. Sean let his breath ghost over Holden's face for just a moment before obliging. They stayed like that, lips fastened together as they grazed infinity together. ","Summary":" The Story By: KellyCRocker59 It's been an eternity since I've done any work with these two, but I'v"},{"Movie":"Adventures of Sharkboy and Lavagir...","Title":"Skarkboy and his Dad","Author":"Atumn143","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8720419","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Coming home \"Come on shaky you can do this\" Said lava girl, her hot pink hair flowing throw the wind. I would never admit it, but I loved it when her hair was like this, and the sun hitting at just the right angle. It made it look like something magical. \"Lava girls right, there is nothing to be afraid off\". Max said bringing out of my thought, and back to reality. Reality was that all three of us were at the top of a sand don, over looking the rest of the beach, located on the south end of Australia. This is where my dad is. After all these years I can finally him! Tall, light tan, 5-a-clock shadow, and a kind smile. It was almost like the stormy day that separated us never happened. But it did. I knew that my dad had been looking for me, but what I did not know was that he had been busy to. He used to be just a marine biologist. But know he was made a discovery that has changed the minds of scientist every where. This discovery was that ' if humans are in a environment, for a long period of time ,they adapt to the environment, by becoming like the animals in that environment'. Ah no duh Sherlock. I mean me, his own basically prove that. Which is exactly what I, afraid of. What is going to think when he finds out that his before totally human son is now part fish? I bought this to Max , and Lava girls attention then Max being that day dreamer and all came up with this. Flash back \"Oh My Go Sharky I'm so glad you finally get to see your dad again\" \"I'm, happy for you Shark boy\". Max and lava girls said smiling. I was freaking out \"Ahh guys my dad is a marine biologist how is going to take that his kid IS HALF SHARK\"! I my have screamed that last part lava girl was now looking at me with distaste. \"Now sharky don't go into a shark frenzy\". I just stood there with my arms crossed over my chest. Then I turned my head to see Max grinning. \"What are you smirking at\"! He just kept smiling it had been away ago that he had stopped being afraid of me, and it was ticking me off! \"I already thought of that\". \"WHAT\"? Lava girl and I said at the exact same time. We quickly at each other, then at Max. \"Well I figured you would want to explain to your dad what happened with out having him freak-out\". \"Thank you I fell better already\". I sneered at him, but he. Continued. \"\"Anyway that is why I made this\". He dug into his pocket and pulled out a necklace on a girly one, but a tradition Australia one with tweed entwined in a bread, and a dark blue tear drop shaped stone hanging from it. I reached out to take it making sure that my almost talon finger nails did not rip it apart. \"What is it\"? I asked. I could fell Lava girl come up behind be, and look over my shoulder to get a better look at it. \"I call it a morph necklace\". Max said his smile getting bigger. \"When you but it one it will make you human\". \"Human totally human, like with no powers\"? Lava girl quickly asked. \"Yup\" Max replied. \"Sorry I only made one for Shaky, but if you want one I can make another\". Lava girl jumping up and down \" YES YES YES, thank you Max\". With out thinking came up and gave him a hug. He quickly give a scream and she let go. In my opinion this was hilarious. To Max probably irritating. I stopped laughing so that I could ask Max the question I had been most wondering. \"Max if I put this on my had would he become half shark\"? Max looked me straight in the eye and answered \" I figured you would want to bring him to see the Shark Palace, so ya it can do that\". I nodded at him, the Shark Palace was the home I had created for all underwater creatures once I has been named king of the ocean. That was when Lava girl had taken the necklace from my hand, and put it around my neck. End of flash back Now it was time, I had traveled all this way with my new girlfriend, and best friend to see time my dad. And he right there. The problem was since my dad's discovery he had gotten quite famous. So as we saw my dad, we could also see that he was in the middle of an interview with some paparazzi. \"When do you think they will be finished\"? Lava girl asked. \"There is no real way of telling, some interviews, last a couple of minutes, some take hours\". Max reported the truth was I did not want to interrupt the interview, and make a big scene, but this was the first time I had seen my dad in years. I was getting impatient. And an impatient shark is never a good thing. \"Here's your chance shark boy\". What? Quickly looked back at the interviewers, it looked like they were taking a break to get coffee, or get a new piece of film, what ever. Max had been right this way my chance. And that's when I froze. What am I doing? What am going to say? Oh my God is this really happening? That's when I felt Lava girl and Max push me , and I went rolling done the sand don. When I go the bottom I tried to look back up at them, but they had vanished. Urrg I'll get them back for this. Right in font of me I could see the back of my dad's head. He was sitting in a lawn chair with is feet up, talking to some guy with a t-shirt labeled producer. Then I looked to my right, all that was there was ocean. My home. With out thinking I stared to walk towards it. Near the edge of the water was a bridge stretching out in the in to the water. Just like we used to have at the old laboratory. Again with out thinking I walked out on to the bridge. As I got the end of the bridge I looked down, my instincts were screaming at my to jump in. I knew with the morph necklace on I would drown, and did not want to take it off just yet. It was the only thing that kept me human, and closes to the dad. I started to look around again and found a tackle box full of fish. I picked it up, then with out warning I saw three curved shaped fins swim up to the bridge. And my four favorite sharks stick their heads out of the water to talk to me. \"We came to wish you luck\" said Good milk. His real name was shredder but since that was the name I had given him as a kid that was the name I called him by. He did not mind, either did Piggy, Egg back, or Cracken. The four had become like uncles to me, they had raised me, and taught me the ways of being shark boy. \"Thank you\". I said with a small smile. And just like I did when I was a kid. I look one fish out of the tackle box and threw it to each saw. First to Good milk, then Piggy, Egg Back. And stuck my arm out with the last fish dangly from my hand so the Kraken could jump up and get his prey, just how he liked it. I started to laugh it reminded me so much of the old days. \"Taylor\"? Some one asked from behind me? That voice I would know it any where. I was the same voice that called my name through the ocean as our life boats pulled us away from each over. It was the same voice that would read me bed time stories every night. That same voice that would laugh every time I rushed to go outside, and see my sharks. My dad. I slowly turned around and looked up. Ya it was him. 5-a-clock shadow and every thing. I looked up into his eyes in hope of getting an idea of what he was thinking. But I couldn't because of the tears in his eyes. Before I knew it felt his hand come up , brush my check brushing away something. I put my own hand up to my check to see what it was. A small drop on moisture. A tear? I was crying? What no, I don't cry! The king of the ocean does not cry for anything! I quickly started to brush away all the years but they just kept coming. \"Hey\" that voice said \"What did I tell you, it is ok to cry\". I just stared at him it was like when I was five and cut my arm, and was embarrassed to let him see my cry. He had said the same thing then. That's when I could not take it, I wrapped my arms around his waist, and held on tight caring if Max, and Lava girl see me. Not caring if the whole ocean population saw me. I started to ball my eyes out, just caring that my dad hugged my back just as tight and kept saying \" It's shark boy I'm here\" \" I love you son\" \" I missed you to, we are together again\". I finally managed to stop sobbing long enough to get out \"I love you to daddy\". I knew he was smiling has he kissed my forehead. Life could not get any better.[Chapter 2] After we let go of each other, my dad put an arm around my shoulder and led me away. I quickly look back at the ocean, only to find that my uncles had swam away, probably to give us some privacy. I flushed with embarrassment at that thought. When I turned back from looking the ocean, I saw that the interviews were back from their break and ready to restart. Oh crap, what am I going to do? I really don't want paparazzi frenzy. Max had told me all about those, and it honestly sounded two sharks fighting over some meat, I really don't want to be that piece meat. So I started to formulate a plan to escape, then I realized that I had to leave my dad, which I really did not want to do. So while I was having my inward discussion, dad said \" All right guys that's enough for today\". Every one shared at him with a blank face, \" What\" said the man with the producer t-shirt \" We just got started\" ! Dad just continued to walk \" Can't right now\" he said \" A family matter came up\". He said looking at me with a goofy grin, and pulled me into a sideways hug. If this were two hours ago, this kind of behavior would not have been aloud with in thirty miles of me. But with dad, I'll let it slide. We started walking up the beach reminiscing about old times in the old lab. Then very suddenly my dad stopped walking. His sudden movement made me lose my balance, and I basically almost have a very close conversation with the ground. Just before I hit the assault I felt two arms circle around my waist, and pull me back up \" You got to be careful Sharkboy\". Dad said with a smile, but I could see the real concern in his eyes. I looked down at the ground embarrassed to find assault? Assault, what? We are on a beach, then I noticed we had been walking up the beach, to a parking lot, now we in front of a car, which is why dad had stopped walking. Now I feel like an idiot. As if he could read my mind \" Its ok kid\" he said with a smirk and kissed my head once again. \" All right Taylor, time to go home\". I remember what Max had told me about cars, and opened the passenger door, sat down in the seat buckling my seat belt. Dad started up the car, and starting to drive on to the main road, I only realized the implications of going to his house, once we got there. My dad's place bet Max's house by a mile. The house was at least three stories high, on the first floor almost the entire wall surface was glass, and through the glass I could see giant tanks with all kinds of sea creatures in them. I remember dad being at against animals testing, so these must be the sick, and injured, animals he would find. He would take them here, heal them, and release them again. Always nice to know we have the same ethics about animals. I just hope that ethic applies to me. Before I could think about my own fishy problems I caught a glimpse at the second floor, it was painted entirely blue, with luminescent paint , so when the sun reflected on it looked like you were underwater, looking up towards the surface. Wow I can only imagine what was in there. Then came the third floor, not as cool as the others, but still wonder us. I saw that the most of story was covered in glass like the first floor, but unlike the first floor, the third floor had dark shades draped all around it. I am sure that if someone were in there, their shadow would reflect outside. I honestly don't know why you would put glass around something, if you did not want them to see what was inside. Yet this only made my curiosity sky rocket, I really wanted to know what was inside! As we pulled up the drive way into the garage, and walk in to the house. \" Here kid let me give you the grand tour\". Dad said opening his arms in the gesturing movement. He really did give me the grand tour. I was right guessing on a number of accounts what was in this house. The first floor was the place to the sick, and injured it was really an underwater vet. Oddly enough he took me straight to the third next no the second floor. I did not have time to think about why, because when I got to the third floor it was absolutely unbelievable. This was the research room, a room that was exactly like the one in the old lab! Dad stood by the door ,as I look around and messed around with some of the equipment. Dad soon came over to see what I was doing with one of the microscopes. \" What are you doing\"? \" Looking at the bio-structure of scales of an angel fish\". \" Look kid, you should not be playing with Mr. Conner's equipment\". Ok that was definitely not dad, I turned around to find a woman with a stern look about her face. She could have been more than thirty but that stern look she was giving me, made her look ancient. \" What are you even doing here kid, how did you get in here\"? Before open my mouth to explain, she took my ear in her hand, twisted it and pulled me out of the room. \" Of whatever I'll just take you to Mr. Conner\" Wait a minute who was Mr. Conner, where did dad go, and can I throw this lady out the glass wall, honestly she could have just asked me to come with her. I probably would have reused to, but whatever happened to being polite? She pulled me down both flights of stairs to the main floor, only then did she let go of my ear. \" Of where did he go\"? She ask probably looking for Mr. Conner, who cared, this was my chance to get out of here. While she was looking around for him, used I a little shark stealth and, walked down the opposite hallway, dad did say there was a bath room this way, I don't think she would pull me out of there. As I was being stealthy, I walked into a wall. Wow being human has made me lose all common sense, for instance look in front of you while walking. Nice job Sharkboy! \" Hey shark where you off to\"? I look up to find that, that rock was my dad, where am I going? Where did he go? Again like he can read my mind he replied \" I just went to the bath room, you were having so much fun I did not want to ruin it\". \" Don't worry the Parana already did that\" . \" What Parana\" Opp's did I say that out loud, crap. \" Sharkboy what's going on\". \" Mr. Conner, that's where you are\". Said the Parana lady, waltzing in. She walked straight to me and re-gapped my ear. \" I found this, wondering in your private lab, I brought him back here knowing you like your privacy. I don't know how he got in the house. Should I phone the police\"? The cops, for what! I was in my dad's lad that he let me in. Without realizing it I had let out a low rumpling growl. She looked at my stunned, and quickly run to my dad. \" He must be one of those street kids, really they say they are dangerous, we need to get him out of her before he ruins your research\"! While she was having her little freak out I saw her get closer, and closer to my dad, to the point where she was practically curled up in her chest. What wait a minute, this woman was flirting with my dad. Ok that's just gross. But gross aside, what if he liked her back, had I just destroyed my dad's relationship. I did not have to wait long to find the answer to that question. \" Mindy what are you talking about? This is my son Taylor\". I gave a short wave. \" He was in the lab, because I brought him there\" Dad said pushing he off his chest giving her a look of utter peril, dads death glare, people think that batman has the best daddy bats glare, they are wrong papa-shark makes it seem like you are going to be torn limb, from limb. It really did not help that were where actually standing in front of a Parana tank, ah irony. \"This is his house, he lives here, and what were you doing in my lab, you know its private to all personal that I don't verify, and I know I did not verify you\"?! \" Well Mr. Conner\" she said stammering for her explanation. Of this is going to be good. \" Sir I just wanted to tell you that Animal Planet, Discovery, and Imax wanted to make a documentary of your scientific finds!\" \" You could have called\". He said not letting up the papa-shark glare one bit, but completely to my embarrassment he gapped me by that arm, and pulled me to his side, always having an arm around my shoulder. \" I just wanted to see you reaction to the news\". Mindy said with a slit smile, trying to lighten the mood, it had the opposite effect. I knew dad despised it he when people tried to cover up there mistakes. So that smile just made him snap. He opened his mouth about to say something that probably have scared her for life. Then he suddenly looked down at me as if remembering I was there. \" We will talk about this later\". He said giving her one last glare, it screamed ' get out'! Thankfully she was not that stupid, and scurried off. \" Yes sir Mr. Conner\". Finally something registered with me. The Mr. Conner she was talking about was my dad. So if my dad was a Conner, that means my name is Taylor Conner. Not bad, I thought. \" I'm sorry sharky\". Dad said as we restarted up the stairs. \" It's all good\". I said trying to cover up just how irritated that Mindy had made me. \" Nice try kid, tell me what's up\". I could lie to everyone else on earth, and planet drool, but him. I think it has to do with the fact, he was there when I first learned how to lie, go figure. \" Alright, she pushed my buttons, who is she anyway\"? I asked. \" Mindy is my agent.\" I looked him straight in the eye, an agent my dad. Ah. I knew he was famous for a national science discovery. But an agent, only movie people have those. Wow I guess my dad was really that big, I just hope that I can keep this whole half-shark think under wraps. The high council of international creatures would not like if my secret was exposed on national television. Crap I have a meeting with them tonight. What am a supposed to do? I look up at my dad, he was giving me that most pitiful look, it would kill him if I just left. Ok the meeting is at 11:00pm, its late in know but if makes it less conspectus to see a bunch of all powerful nature kings, and queens gathering at one place. So I just have to seek out at around 10:00pm to get there on time, the meeting usually ends with in two hours, so I leave right after it ends, and swimming back takes about an hour so I'll be back at about 2:00 am. I wish the meeting spot was not of New Zealand, but it is lavagirl 'tropical wonder volcano spot', as she calls it. Crap, lavagirl what am going to tell dad about her. Of hey dad by the way I'm half shark, ,and I'm dating a girl who is half lava, she controls all of earth volcanos, and I'm king of the ocean. Ya that would not go over well. \" Shaky I promise that won't happen again\". What has he talking about, oh ya that thing with Mindy. After I saw that camera crew, and had my little discussion with Mindy, I realized that I would just had to put up with this sort of thing, and he knew that. With his telocentric powers, he read my wind again. \"Ok there are a lot of paparazzi and snarky people, but we are sharks, we handle them, and if they bug us to much, shark frenzy!\" Dad said with a smile I knew he was only half kidding, after that death papa-shark glare he had given Mindy. I almost pity her, almost. \"So sharky let me show you the rooms.\" Oh that's where he was leading me the second floor! It was really the living space. It had a living room with a wide screen TV mounted on the wall, black leather couches, and very up to date kitchen. Down the hall way, were three bedrooms and three bathrooms. He showed by the guest room, his room, and finally the last room. On the front door of the room it had a sign that ' Sharkboy inside enter at own risk'. I had made that sign for my room, at the old lab. I don't know how that thing survived that night, but I'm glad it did. Well if that was my sign, this must be my room. I can't believe that he put in a room for me, after all these years. \" What's wrong Sharky\". Dad asked, I had not realized it but, I was standing in front f the door, with my mouth hanging open. \" How did you get that\". I asked, my mouth had formed words before I could think about I was saying. \" That night some of the roughage of the old lab managed to float along with me, and I managed to collect some of parts of the old lab\". That was the first time any of us had talking about that night. It would not be the last, but right now was not the time to talk about it. So I quickly opened the door, and saw that my room, was truly my room. It looked like it had all those years ago. Same ocean blue paint on the walls, A clothes drawer on the left wall, and onto of the drawer there was a fish tank with a multiple ocean life inside it. A bed off to the fall right wall, and a few other accessories. I never spent much time as a kid, decorating my room. I preferred to spend my time out of my room, hanging out with the fish. I turned back to my dad in awe, I mean what do you say in a situation like this. Apparently he did not know what to say either. So when I turned to look back at him, he looked back at me, with the oddest expression. I don't know what to call it, all I know is for a brief moment he looked like he was about to cry. My dad did not cry. But he did wrap his arms around me and crush me to his chest. We stood there for a while, him just rubbing a hand up and down my back , and with the other hand running it through my hair. All the while whispering things like ' I love you Sharkboy', and ' Everything is going to be find now' . I really don't know if he was saying these things for my benefit or his, either way it was good to hear. I really can't remember the last time, someone told me that I was loved. I mean I loved my kingdom, Max was like the annoy little brother I never had. And lavagirl, well its complicated. \" Ya I know, love you to daddy\". He looked down at my with a look that only be described as complete love, and affection. He gave me one last kiss on the head, and a rub on the back, he then rapped an arm around my shoulder, and said with that goofy grin. \"Alright lets go see what you were working on in the lab\".[Chapter 3] This has been the best day of my life. I just sent the entire afternoon with my dad, we went back upstairs, and I did get to show him the bio-structure of scales of an angel fish I was looking at before. Plus dad gave me the whole play-by-play of his current research of the bio-structure of adapted animals. If you have not figured it out by know, I am a HUGE nerd when it comes to marine bio. But hey when you rule the seas. Speaking of which the meeting I have to seek out for. Before I could seek out, dad had taken me shopping for some 'homey' things, as he called them. So we went to the store and got the norm pj's, extra clothes, tooth brush and paste, the normal human essentials. Now at back at the house it was 9:00 pm. We were on the second floor sitting on one of the leather couches watching JAWS, honesty the movie was so in-accurate it was funny, looking at the clock and back at my dad, I knew it was time to say \" I'm getting tried, I think I'm going to go to bed early\". His reaction was instant \" Do you feel ok? You don't feels warm, does this hurt?\" Dad said this while putting his hand to my forehead, and putting the other hand to my abdomen. \" No I'm just a little tried\". I said trying to sound honest. \" Well it has been a hectic day..\" Dad tipped his head to one side in a position that meant he was thinking. \" Ok sharky , if there is anything that you need come and get me\". Ok that was unexpected, and WHAT DO I SAY? \" I will\". Ok that is the lamest response ever, but what else can I say. Dad realizes that, this is all he is going to get out of me. \" Ok kid go get some rest\". Dad gives me one last sideways hug, and gently pushes me off the couch in the direction of my room. Of course I go through the motions of crawling into bed, turning off the lights, and waiting to see when he goes to bed. After about 45 minutes I heard the TV switch off, and the soft padding of steps, after about 15 minutes I saw the last flicker of light turn off. Dad was asleep, now was my chance. I quickly got out of bed, I never did change into PJ's so fully clothed in jeans, and a t-shirt, with no shoes, there was no need for them where I was going. I slipped through the second floor, to the first floor, quietly telling all of the sea creatures in the tanks to keep quiet, thankfully they listed. So I managed to go out through the front door, I honestly do not know why we drove home the other day, we could have walked. For where my dad's house was the beach was honestly just over the horizon, like a 5 minute walk. So I walked to the bay side completely disserted, perfect. I slip off the pendant necklace, and put in in my jeans pocket. I quickly looked around one last time to see if anyone is watching. Nope , no one was here. So I dove into the water, the feeling of being back with my Sharkboy self is amazing it feels right, awesome, like breathing, I need it to survive. So I start to swim as my gills, and talons grow back automatically. Within no time I'm at the meet place for the council. Lavagirl there, Max, and the other leadings of the natural world, and some form planet Drool. We first got through the normal business things, global warming, pollution, oil spills, which tick me off like nothing else. Now it was time to bring up my dad. I knew for him ever be accepted into our world, know would be the time to tell the council, so they don't get curious, and interfere. After giving them my explication of what has happened in the last 24 hours, every one already knows about my past, they agree to let him known about our existence, and see the sea Kingdome, if he can make an oath of solitude. The oath when done properly, is a promise one can never break, it magically alerts the beings you signed the oath with, and if they blab the council namely me would be magically responsible for their or dads punishment. It's a fair enough thing to ask, but how am I going to get my dad to agree too that? Not that the council cares. I meant to talk with lavagirl, and Max after the meeting about that, but I was going to be late, they knew I was on a tight schedule. So they just gave me small encouraging smiles, and I was on my way. The meeting had gone as long as I had estimated, and I was back in time before dad woke up. Yet when I came up on the beach as I had before, walked into the house which I had left unlocked, and started to quietly walk up the stairs, I could not help but feel that something was not right, like I missing something really obvious. I got my answer to that when I walked into my room, as soon as I open the door, I was started by a voice asking. \" WHERE WERE YOU?\". Dad was sitting on my bed, arms crossed, looking pissed, with a phone at his side. \"TAYLO MATTEW CONNER I was worried sick, I was this close form calling the police thinking the worst, and you just walking right in here like nothing happened\" .Ok I'm shark bait, what do I say, I can't tell him yet, no yet, I'm not ready. So I say the stupidest thing ever. \" Sorry\" \" Sorry, you're sorry, not as sorry as you are going to be, no TV, no games, no nothing, just school-work, and boredom for you, oh and by the way I will be accompanying, you anywhere you go from now on, until I am sure this will never happen again\". \" WHAT\". I hollered, \"What you cannot watch me everywhere I go, I'm not two\". I had no idea what I was saying, I was in enough trouble was it is, now I'm just digging my grave. \" Your my kid, and this is the punishment I choose for you.\" Dad said with his altar scary papa-shark glare, ok I'm a wimp as soon as the glare hit me, I crumbled. I looked down in submission , and fear what he was mad at me, I mean he had enough reason to be. \" Look Sharkboy I'm just worried ok, I don't want to have to come into your room, and find it empty, just don't do it again, talk to me kid\". He said getting up and, wrapping is arms around me in gentle hug, I return it just happy he was not mad at me. \" I can't tell you yet\". I replied returning his hug, burring my face in his chest. \" Why not\". He askes pulling away from me enough to look me in the eye. \" Because I don't know how to explain it\". I admitted pitifully. Man, being human is turning me into a shrimp. \" Just come right out and tell me kid, whatever it is I want to know\". He said earnestly, I knew he meant it, but I really was not ready for whatever reaction he had to my shark-ness. \" I will when I'm ready\". I said with as much levelness as I could mange, he seemed to understand and gave a sad, but understanding look, one last squeeze, and said. \" All right Sharkboy get some rest\". I walked to me bed crawled in and laid down, to my extreme surprise he followed me and picked up the covers, wrapping them securely around my body, my dad was tucking me in. Wow I can't remember him doing that for years. This act brought on a stray of memories that seemed to be flooding my mind, and his mind. After sufficiently conning me with blankets his gave a quick kiss on the forehead, said one last \" Good night\". And left my room turning the lights off, leaving the door a crack open just how I liked it was a kid. I stayed awake for a couple more minutes just thinking about what had just happened. Not as bad as it could have been. But what was really bugging my was my punishment. What did he mean 'school-work', I don't go to school, honestly it was a place we rescued Max from, if the day-dreamer does not want to be there I sure don't. Does he really think he is going to send me to school? Ok we are going to a have a serious talk about that! Besides the whole accompany me everywhere, maybe I deserved that, but honestly I'm 14 I can take care of myself, I AM THE KING OF THE OCEAN! Great it's only been 24 hours since we saw each other, and we are already banging heads. I hope this all gets sorted out by tomorrow. I finally I went to sleep. Before I knew what was going on I heard birds, what birds, but I'm under water. It toke a few moments for me to remember the last occurrences of the last day, wow a lot had happened. While I remembered where I was, I smelt something wonderful, it smelt like raw fish, and sea weed. Talk about a shark's perfect breakfast. I hopped out of bed and like that half-shark I was, followed my nose to my prey. It lead me to the kitchen where it looked like dad was cooking. Well if you counted cooking as rolling up fish balls. \" Hey good morning kid\". Dad said with a smile like last night never happened, ok was not expecting this, but going with it all the same. I sat down on one of the island seats in the kitchen just watching him, once he was down rolling up the fish balls, put about 10 on a plate, with filled a glass with water and placed them both before me. \" The perfect breakfast of sharks, sea water and sushi\". Of way that's what Max had called the fish and sea weed balls, apparently it was from a place called Japan, I really did not know what Max was talking about all sharks eat fish, so how could it be from Japan? Whatever I just picked up one of the sushi with my fingers and slipped it into my mouth, I did not realize that dad was watching me until he chuckled at my table manners. Oh ya, Max had told me that humans usually eat with knifes, and forks I don't know why, it is no much easier to eat with your hands. Anyway I went around the table to the cut alary drawer, dad had showed during the grand tour and picked up a fork, went back around to be seat and starting eating again. Dad looked at me as if I had gone insane. \" What\"? I asked curiously is this not what he meant by his laughing. All dad did was put the last 10 sushi on his plate, fill another glass with water , sat on the seat next to me, and started eating his food with his fingers. Ok I gave up on trying to understand him, I just did what I wanted to do, so I put my fork down and starting eating with my fingers as well. Breakfast was a quiet afar. When we were done eating we both put our plates in the sink, and walked to the leather couch we were sitting on last night. I knew now would be the time to talk about last night, but where do I start, luckily I did not have to. \" Look Shark-boy I meant what I said last night, punishment stays\". Ok that's not what I really wanted to hear. \" I just wanted to ask what did you mean by school-work? I asked him, he looked at me with absolute august. \" I meant school, as in homework and extra studying\". \" I got that, I just meant you are planning to send me to school\". \" Of course I am, it is important that you get a good education, and have the experiences of school, friends, crushes, that kind of thing, have you never been to school sharky\"? Dad asked my nervously, I just shake my head. \" I was home schooled\". That's all I said, he knew that if I went any farther that, would reveal what I was not ready to tell him. He just nodded. \" Ok well I'm enrolling you in the local high-school for the upcoming 9th grade class\". NO, NO, NO, NO, NO! This is what I was trying to avoid, Sharkboy in high school, I can barely stand Max, how would I tolerate hundreds of stupid, nosy, smelling children, and not kill them? Oh what I CAN'T. \" Ah dad, maybe it's for the best that I stay home schooled\". \" Why\". He asked now really nervously. \" I don't do well with people\". I tried to explain without giving away too much information. \" Oh is that what your worried about, you'll make friends as soon as you walk in the front door\". Ok not what I meant, so I tried a different approach. \" Dad look, I'm not worried about making friends, I don't like people, people my age are annoying, ignorant, and arrogant. And yes I know I sound like a hypocrite, but I stand to be near them without going into a SHARK-FRENZY\". Finally he started to convey what I was saying. He tipped his head to the side in his signature thinking position, and finally said. \" Just try it, go for a few weeks, if you really hate it, ill pull you out and home school you\". Realizing this was the best offer I was going to get I nodded, all I had to do was hate high-school and I'm out, that won't be so hard. Now it was time to ask the question I really did not want answered. \" Dad what did you mean accompanying me every-where I go\"? I tried to this as calmly as possible, but with the whole shark thing, having someone tailing me the whole time especially dad would not be a good thing. \" I mean, you are until further notice are going to be within seeing distance from me\". He said in a hard ' I'm not joking' tone. Crap I am really am not getting out of this, what am I going to do? Well I have two options. One stay around him until I fulfill my punishment, and gain the courage to tell him about what my being a true Sharkboy. Or I could get him to send me to school ASAP ,and be away from him for 8 hours a day, until I figure out how to tell him the truth. \" Hey dad when will I start school\". \" School starts in three days, but if you want I can put you in a week late, so you can get accustom to the place.\" \" No ill start school on time\". I like option two better, less pressure. Dad toke this with stride, probably guessing my motives, but also probably relived to stop the fight against school. Honestly I don't hate the learning aspect, just people! For the next three days it was pretty clam but tense, I could feel the need to talk, about that happened post the separation, but I still had no idea how I was going to get the words out. So dad and I pretty much just hung around the lab, bought all my school supplies, hung out at the beach, all in all a good three days. But those were coming to an end, I was now getting into my dad's car on my way to Fresh-Water High. Even the name of the place gives me a bad feeling, I mean I'm a shark, as in SALT water. Before I left home dad had for some reason gone insane. He pretty much asked me the same questions at least four times \" Did you remember you bag? Do you have enough pencils? Did you remember your phone\". Dad had bought me one, when we went school supplies shopping, he wanted to keep in-touch with me at all times. After the whole not seeing each other for years, and seeking out thing I don't really blame him. Now pulling up to the light blue, brick building, I could already here the sound of nasal voices talking about their summer vacations. I think I'm going to hit something, so clutched on to my bag to avoid that. Dad saw my tension. \" Take a breather Sharkboy, try to tune them out, even give them a chance, try and talk to the people how you don't want to rip apart.\" \" And what if that's all of them\". I asked in a harsher tone than I meant to use. I looked at me with understanding and said. \" If that's true tune them all out, just focus on your studies, but out of all the kids here I think you will find one you don't hate. I'll call you at lunch to see how you are. You will do find\". He said with a easy encouraging smile, as well pulled up to the front steps, giving me a last minute hug, and kiss on the head. I reluctantly got out of the car and walked up to my own personal hell.[Chapter 4] ' Do not turn around, don't turn around, don't turn around'. I kept repeating this to myself because I knew if I did, I would run back to dad's car and demand he take me home, and then I would have to stay with him, all day, which would double my chances of letting something about the shark-thing slip, not what I needed. So I walked up to the building, through the front doors, and saw a sign that said \" ALL FRESHMEN REPORT TO THE GYM\" So I followed the arrow on the sign to the gym, where the other freshmen were. I sat down on a bleacher and tried to ignore the people around me. The principle gave the stereotypical 'welcome to high school, you're going to have a great time' speech. Honestly the whole thing made me want to gag. After the principles truly inspiring speech, I went up and got my schedule, it was pretty normal 9th grade stuff English, History, Science and Algebra. For my electives Marine Biology, ok that could not have been more perfect, at least I could have one class I did not despise. But my other elective I did not know if I was going to explode, or make something explode. Home economics, I was going to have to cook? I can't stand the taste of anything sweet, or spicy, how am I supposed to cook that stuff? Class has not even started yet, and I want out! I thought I wanted out after the principles speech, after morning classes I want to rip out all these people's throats and feed them to my shark uncles. The second I walked into English some dolt yells \" Ok whoever is the next person to walk in, gets a face full of it!\". Having no idea what they were talking about I walked through the door of find a shoe being thrown at me. Thanking my shark reflexes made me act quickly and catch the shoe avoiding a face full of it. Wow lame but accurate. After catching the shoe I looked up to see the person who a thrown it. The kid with light brown hair, light freckles on his face, and expensive looking clothes. What did Max call these people, oh ya jocks the idiot guys who think they own the world, when in reality they were the ones who had just thrown a shoe at the king of the ocean! Looking up at him he gave me a cheeky smile. \" Hey dude can I have my shoe back\"? He ask in an arrogant manner, \" Sure\" I replied in the same tone and hulled the shoe at him. The jock moved his hands to his face to try and bloke the blow. Even though I did not aim for his face, the idiot would surly go crying to his mommy his pathetic face got messed up, and I did not need the attention, so I aimed for is gut and it hit perfectly. He doubled over, looking like he had just gotten the wind knocked out of him, oh wait he had. I Thought with a smile, no one messes with the king of the ocean! After that I quickly went to the front of the class, and toke a seat. Not a minute later the teacher walked, in a middle aged man, with greying hair, a tired expression on his face with a cup full of coffee. Guess I'm not the only one how does not want to be here. \" Ok class\" he said \" My name is Mr. Broody and this is 9th grade English\". Ah thank you Sherlock Homes just because we are in English class, does not mean we do not understand English. He went on to give a speech very similar to the principles, I wonder if all the teachers get together and plan these speech's so they sound almost exactly alike, just to bore us students, I would not put it against them. Mr. Broody then went on to explain the material that we would be covering, all the books I have already read. Yes I read! You would not believe what people would dump into the ocean, and what is inside sunken ships. Reading is good hobby. And that is how it pretty much went for the rest of the morning. Me bore to death while some quack talked about material I already now. Finally lunch a break from those boring speech's, but then I have to suffer through listening to these sad excuses for class mates for an hour, great just great. I walked through the cafeteria looking around to find an empty table, I finally found one in the far back completely deserted, perfect. I started walking towards it hearing bits and pieces of peoples conversations. \" oh did you hear she broke up with him,\" \" Mr. B is sucks\", \" What do you think of this skirt\", \" Did you see that movie, it was awesome\". And I'm the weird one. I finally reached my table, quickly sat down and opened my paper bag lunch box, and pulled out my favorite food. Raw fish and sea weed, or sushi. As I opened that plastic container, I then felt a presence, so I turned around to find that idiot jock how had thrown the shoe, with his little friends behind him. Wow the guy needed his friends with him to talk to me, what a wimp! Without asking he sat across from me and, started to talk. \" Look dude sorry bout this morning, but you really have a good arm, ever think of joining a team\". He said in a lad back manner. \" A team\"? I asked, \" Well I am, on all the teams that include any type of throwing, football, baseball basketball, even the goalie in soccer\". He boosted \"David Patterson, the one and only\". He raised his arms flexing his muscles, while all this friends hooted, and hollered. What a joke. \" I'll think about it\". I said hoping he would just drop it, and let me be, I was expecting a call from dad after all, and I did not want to miss that. \" Ok dude, so we cool about this morning\"? He asked, reaching towards my lunch to take one of my sushi. I quickly grabbed his hand and flung it back, sharks were every territorial about their food. And if he was not carful he could become my food. \" Ya we're cool\". I said with forced calmness. Just then I heard a ringing, what was it Max would say' saved by the bell'. I quickly pulled my cell phone out, and held it up to show all of the idiots I had a call, they got the message and left, finally. As soon as they were out of hearing distance I immediately answered the call. \" Hello\". \" Hey Sharkboy how is your first day of high school?\". \" Ah….. No one has been killed yet\". I said proudly, a week ago if the idiot jock had done what he just did to me he would have become my personal sushi bar, wow myself control is really growing, must be the human thing. \" Good job Sharkboy I'm so proud of you\". I smiled I knew he meant to say it as a joke, but it still made happy to know that I made him proud. \" Alright wipe that grin off your face, and tell me truly, how your day's' been?\". How did he know I was smiling. \" Sharkboy I knew you enough to know your reactions, now tell me how your day's been!\" Again with the creepy mind reading. So I launched into the story of my morning, dad was good audience asking for details constantly and asking times if David's shoe had hurt me. \" Seriously dad I caught the shoe has in, IT DID NOT HURT ME!\" \" Are you sure Sharkboy, that thing did not hurt your hand, or scratch you, and do not down play anything!\" \" Yes dad I am 100% sure that I am un-injured\". Once we had established that I was not going to die of a shoe, I went on with my story, and told him what had happened not five minutes ago. \"Well that was nice of him to apologize\". Dad said more kindly. \" That's funny, because I don't remember him saying ' I'm sorry for hulling a shoe at your face'! I said angrily, I was not really mad about the shoe thing anymore just irritated that he thought he could just take my food. \" Well Sharkboy people like him have too big pride for their own good. 'Sorry' is just not in their vocabulary\". \" He wanted to take my food\". I said angrily, but all I heard on the other end was laughing. \" THIS IS NOT FUNNY!\". \" I know you're a Sharkboy, but don't you think this is going a little too far\". ' His words rug through my head, somewhere in my sub-conscience I knew he was joking, but in context he sounded so real, and I had no idea how to react. \" Sharkboy, are you there, hello?\" I heard dad say. \" Ah ya I'm still here\" \" Alright I'm guessing lunch is almost over, so I'll pick you up when school is over, and just try to ignore the people\". \" Easy for you to say\". I said regaining my voice, glad that he had not pressed the issue. \" You will be fine, see you later, bye\" \" Bye\". I said and the connection went dead, just then the bell rang, signally it was time to my own personal demise Home Economics'. After the usual boring lecture, I found that we would not be cooking for a could more weeks, so that we could study kitchen safety, honestly that is laughable. I'm live in the ocean and even I know how to use a blender. It was not until my last class of the day anything interesting happened. Marine Biology the one class that I was looking forward to, unlike all the other teachers, this one did not give a speech. But had the students play a sort of game, the teacher would have a ball, and would throw it at a student, and would ask a question. In return the student was to say their name, one interesting fact about themselves, and answer the question. I really did not care about the other kids, but the questions the teacher asked were pretty tough, I mean me the king of the ocean had to truly think about what the answers to the questions were. When the teacher Ms. Lewis threw the ball at me I just let instinct take over, and watched as the ball came to me in slow motion, so I raised one hand a gapped it, sinking my fingers into the plastic. It was only when I heard all the sounds of shock that I realize to humans what I just did would be considered un-natural. Ok I have to be more careful, I looked up at Ms. Lewis she looked un-impressed as asked in cool voice. \" What is the average life span of a Tiger shark?\" Ok this is was easy, and I was actually expecting something hard. \" In the wild average 27 years, but they can live up to 50 years\". I said as tossed the ball back to her in a slow human fashion. \" And your name is…\" Ms. Lewis asked. A few people chuckled, which only made me more uneasy, under my seat I made my hands into a fist to try and not go in to a frenzy. \" Taylor, Taylor Conner\". I said in a forced even tone. \" And one interesting fact about yourself….\" Ok what do I say? \"I was raised by a band of sharks\" I said lamely, hey it was true, and good practice for when I would have to tell dad, and the best part was none of these people would believe me, and no one did. I could hear them chuckle, and snort. Ms. Lewis was again, not impressed. \" Well that would explain how you knew the answer to the question, besides being raised by sharks do you have any other history with marine biology?\" \" My dad is a marine biologist\". I said with a shrug. I could hear a few people scoff, and whisper 'teacher's pet'. These humans were honestly stupid. My dad is a marine biologist so what? \" Well that explains being raised by sharks, has your dad done any work we would know.\" Crap I could lie, but don't teachers meet parents for the those' parent teacher conferences', no wonder Max hates school. Ok can't lie try the truth. \" He's Adam Conner\". When I said this Ms. Lewis blinked several times finally looking genuinely shocked. I could hear those brats all around me, saying what is must be like to be the kid of someone famous, already spreading rumors about my life. They think they know me, when in reality, they do not even though I have not lived with my dad for years. \" Oh well that explains how you knew the answer to my question.\" Said Ms. Lewis After class I had people come up to me and ask questions. \" What's it's like being the son of a famous person?\", \" Do you get to swim with sharks?, \" Do you have an indoor pool?\", \" Do you have a girlfriend?\". That last one really shocked me, when I turned around to see the girl who had asked that, she screamed one thing, GOLD-DIGGER! She was dressed in a short skirt, with a V-neck top, and had way to much makeup on, honestly she looked like a clown. I really don't get the point of makeup, it's meant to make people look better, when it mostly has the opposite effect. So I had no problem saying \" Yes I do have a girlfriend\". I said with a smirk, that would get rid of her, but all she did was give me back a smirk, and started to look at something behind me, I had no idea that she was doing or cared, so I was started to walk away when I heard a voice. \" You didn't tell me you had a girlfriend\". Crap, I turned around, and their dad was, hands on his hips, looking shocked. \" Dad what are you doing here?\". \" Schools over I came to pick you up\". All these brats asking me questions made me miss out on the fact that my first had of hell was over, and now I couldn't even revel in it! \" So why didn't you tell me you had a girlfriend?\" Dad asked, ok what do I say, can't tell him about lavagirl yet, so improvise. \" Never came up\". I said lightly starting to walking to the car away from that gold-digger hopefully she would not spread rumors but I realize that there was a slim chance of that. \" Well can I meet her\". \" NO!\" I said quite loudly some people around us started to give me some glares, but I ignored them I kept walking. \" Sharkboy I know you think I'm going to embarrasses you, but I promise I'll keep it to a minimum\". Embarrassment is what he thought I was worried about, well when I thought about it, there is a good reason to be worried about that. Great, just great. Finally we reached the car I quickly got in the passenger seat, dad got in on the over side, and gave me a look. \"Come on Sharkboy give your old man a chance\". He said, I knew he was not going to let this thing go so I said. \" I'll think about it\". He gave me one more look and nodded realizing this was probably the best offer he was going to get. Then quite randomly grabbed my hands turning them over, as if checking for something. \" Dad…. What you are doing?\" \" Making sure that shoe really did not hurt you\". \" DAD!\" I said astonished and, slightly annoyed. \" It's my job kid\". Then dad grabbing me in a head lock, which I finally wormed my way out of as he started up the car. \" So kid how was the afternoon\". And I told him of my first day of school, thinking maybe I could survive going to school here.[Chapter 5] I don't know how I did it. I survived the first week of high school with people with less sense than a star-fish! I am so proud of my-self! Now I kinda feel bad about giving Max such a hard time about school, now I understand his pain AND I DON'T LIKE IT! But now I also understand why he looks forward to the weekend so much. I can't believe how excited I am about two little days, between school. But Dad did say if I lasted the whole week he would have a surprise for me, and he surprises are the best! Honestly if anyone knew how excited I was for Saturday, I would have to kill them just to keep it a secret. But when Saturday finally came, and the say for better lack of word was perfect! Dad let me stay up the night before helping him work on his new research, and let me sleep in the next morning! The thing that woke me up in the morning was no other than the smell of grilled salmon! Just the smell made my mouth water, and to top it all off Dad always cooked mine just off raw! In any other situation this might set off alarms, but even as a kid I liked my meat as raw! But Dad said I couldn't eat meat raw because it could have dangerous bacteria, and blah,blah,blah. But it helps that the salmon I almost raw, I can't stand the taste of cooked meat, it defeats the whole purpose of having meat! So while I was eating or devouring my just off raw salmon, Dad sat across from me with a goofy grin, the would only mean trouble. \" What?\" I asked in a wary tone. \" Nothing\". He said with an even bigger grin, I decided to ignore it, and keep eating, but he would not wipe that grin off his face, and finally I COULD NOT TAKE IT! \" Ok why are you smiling like that?!\" I half hollered. \" BECAUSE WE ARE GOING TO HAVE THE BEST DAY EVER!\" Dad said an in almost squeal, which really scared me. He must have seen it in my face, because he laughed and ruffled my hair, and told me to go get ready. I tried to figure out what he had planned but came up with nothing, finally when I came back down stairs, he told me to get in the car, but refused to tell me where we were going, not matter how much I begged or demanded. Finally I we just sat in silence, me trying to figure out what was going on, and Dad to busy revolving in his work to concentrate of small talk. Finally Dad said \"Ok Sharkboy we are here.\" I immediately look up to see this amazing place he has been waiting all week to show me, to look out the window and find that we are just at the end of the beach. I turn to my Dad with confusion written all over my face, he sees this smiles, and says. \" Just follow me\". And without another word we exit the car, and walk down the beach, to find our self's facing a-bunch of boulders. Dad walks around the rocks that are honestly another five feet taller than his six foot two, but he just keeps walking until I see what he was trying to show me, I small opening in the boulders, and as Dad slips into the slender opening, he sticks his hand back out to help me in, so I take his hand, and step into the entrance, and immediately let go of his hand, only for him to grip it again, I don't understand why he does this, until I had a good look around. The boulders outside made a kind of cavern that was completely black, honestly to a human they could not even see the hands in front of this faces in here, but to me it was just mildly dark. Dad of- course not knowing that, takes my hand and weaves through the cavers descending deeper, and father into the caves, honesty it is amazing how he can navigate through here, fully knowing he can't see a thing. Finally at a swift turn I see light, and dad pulls me towards it. The light was coming from a cave, a cave that was like no other, in fact as the king of the ocean I would say it was the only one of its kind. The cave was a circle at the center was a small poll of water big enough to wade in, but not swim, that would lead out to the rest of the ocean. And the walls of the cave we made of bolder, and a deep sea blue crystal, giving it a underwater feel, and to top it all off, the cave ceiling was not even a ceiling, it was a direct opening to the sky, this cave was pure magic. So this was dads surprise and I love it! \" So what do you think?\" Dad asked with a wide grin. \" This is amazing!\" I said walking in a full circle trying to take it all in. \" Ya it's something else, I found this place one day, walking down the beach, wanted to see is if the boulders had any water pools in them, once I was in the entrance I got lost, and stumbled upon this place.\" \" It's perfect\". I said and it was, time seemed to freeze when we here, Dad showed me around the cave, we waded in the water, and had a contest to see how could dive the deepest. I let him win to let him keep his ego, and my secret. But about my secret a underwater cavern, is this not the ideal place to tell him, just to get it all out? If I was going to be living with the guy he needed to know about half my life right? And it was only a matter of time before he found out. It was time to tell him. \" Dad\" I started to say. \" Ya Sharkboy?\" he asked looking so happy, I just couldn't find the right words, so my stomach did for me, giving a deep rumple. Dad laughed good naturedly, and said \" Come on I packed us a lunch it's back in the car\". So I just shut my mouth, and walked back to the car with dad, thinking I really needed, a plan. As we were eating lunch, crab, sandwiches, people thing it sounds gross but it's actually a really great meal. During which I spilled my water on a piece of my sandwich and, now it was ruined, so ripped off that piece of bread and through it, not noticing where I was aiming, and the bread went and hit dad square in the face, he looked stunned for a minute, then said. \" Taylor what have I always told you about playing with your food\". Dad said in a stern voice. I immediately put my head down, and mumbled out an apology, to hear Dad chuckling, I looked up to see him with a smile on his face, the guy was teasing me! Only lava-girl has ever teased me! Seeing the shocked look on my face, dad just laugh and tackled me! The guy tackled me! No one tackles the king of the ocean and gets away with it, so we ended up wrestling which ended up as a game of tag, which somehow ended up with us in the ocean, playing water tag. I can't remember the last time I laughed so hard. But then I heard a voice. \" Help, please, please help me!\" What was going to on? I thought and looked around the beach only to find people, relaxing and having a good time, no one on the beach was in danger, so, it must be a someone underwater. Just as that realization hit so did Dad, our water tag game momently forgotten. Dad quickly grabbed me in a mock throw, and was about to throw me into the water, when he felt me thrashing in his grip, realizing something was wrong he quickly put me down, and asked \" What is it Sharkboy?\" I didn't know what to do, as king of the ocean he was my job to protect all ocean creatures and one needed help BADLY! But I couldn't just leave Dad, in fact he would probably follow he. A sharp scream reached my ears, and made the decision for me. I dove into the ocean, hearing Dad call my name after me, I swam deeper, and father into the ocean, making sure no human could reach were I was, and quickly pulled of the necklace, turning my body back into his original Sharkboy form. Following the screams I found something that truly pissed me off! A dolphin was trapped in a tuna net, and it's fin was slowly getting cut by the net. I quickly swam towards it, grabbing onto the net a cutting it with my teeth, freeing the dolphin, it squeaked its thanks, and I asked if it needed to go to the palace of medical attention. believe it or not, over the years I have spent in the ocean I am more trained, and educated about healing ocean life than a vet! The dolphin replied it would by find, just a scratch, thanked me again and proceed to swim off. Glad that the dolphin was ok, I saw back to shore, trying to think of an excuse for Dad, as to why I ran off. Once I got close enough to shore, I put the necklace back on returning to human form, and swam to the surface. When I got to the surface I heard a loud BANG! I was so shocked, that I jumped back into the water, it took a second for me to realize that that bang was actually just applause, all the people on the beach were capping, and cheering looking at something behind me. I looked behind me to see what had got everyone so crazy. To find that from the view of the beach, was a perfect angle of the ship I was just at recusing that dolphin. My secret was out everyone knew even Dad. For a brief moment I was so depressed that all I wanted to do was to dive down to the deepest part of the ocean and never come out, but I wondered if they all knew I was a Sharkboy, then why were they cheering. It look a second for me to realize that from the distance from the beach to the boat, all the people could see was my head, they could not make out my body! Wow was that a relief, I felt like I had been splashed with cool water, oh wait I had. I just as I realized that my secret was still a secret, Dad came barreling down in to the water gripping me in tight hug. But just as he hugged me, I felt a sharp, deep pain in my arm, I immediately cried out in pain. Dad quickly released me and looked at my right arm in shock. Seeing his expression I looked down at my arm to see that is was torn, scratched, and maimed. I tried to figure out what happened when I remembered that when I was cutting the net I accidentally got my arm caught in the net, without thinking my talons ripped my arm free, as a Sharkboy this would mean just a few scratches, as a human is was bleeding rapidly, parts of the skin peeling off. Dad gently picked up my arm, with one hand, and rapped the other around my waist, and proceeded to walk me up the beach. As soon as we reached the sand Dad screamed. \" Someone call an ambulance\". What did he just say, ambulance? No ambulance, meant hospital, which means doctor, which means form one pocking around with my DNA! \" Ah Dad I don't think that necessary.\" I said in a sheepish tone. \" Hush.\" He said as I saw the life guard of the beach racing towards us with a phone in one hand, and a water, and towel in the other. Ok where was this guy when the dolphin was in the net? And would these people just leave me alone, honestly it seemed everyone on the beach was crowding us. The life guard came up to my me and said in a ' I so important voice'. \" Ok kid lay down we need to clean your arm.\" As if I was listening to one thing this guy said. \" Look it's just a couple of scratches, doesn't even hurt, I'm find, and I'm going home\". \" Taylor listen to what he is saying.\" I stared open mouthed at Dad, did he really just say that? He he had said it, and with his papa-shark glare. Great just great, so I sat down on the on the towel the life guard had laid down as Dad picked up my arm for the life guard to examine. All the guy did was put some water it and, rap it. I COULD HAVE DONE THAT! And to top it all off the guy starts to talk to me. \" What you did out there was really great kid\". He said with a cheesy smile, I knew the guy was trying to be nice, but I had, had enough! \" Ok two things one, all I did was the right thing, two NEVER CALL ME KID\" I said in a low 'I am the king of the ocean, and can make out fish food' voice. Which seemed to work just find, as the guy shut up, and told my dad. \" I can't do anymore unit the paramedics get here\". As he was saying this I could hear the sounds of sirens. Oh no, I turned to see that the ambulance has arrived and that they were bringing out a stretcher, oh no, no, no, no. There is no way in this world, or the planet Drool I am getting on that thing! As the EMT's start to talk towards me I stand up, and start walking towards them, realizing I would have to go to the hospital, but I was doing it on my terms. When I got with in arms reach of them they reach out to grab me! I immediately jerked away. \" It's ok we just want to carry you to the ambulance\". One of the EMT's said, in a really slow, sickly sweet voice, I think you have to be mentally sane to work as a EMT but honestly, the guy was either not sane, or thought I was insane, so I decided to show him how I was perfectly mentally stable I was. \" IT'S MY ARM THAT'S HURT NOT MY LEG'S OR HEAD!\" I said in a sharp clear, deathly tone. The first EMT looked shocked while the other just rolled his eyes, gave a small chuckle. \" You will have to excuse James he's new, and has a lot to learn\". Said the second EMT in a sarcastic tone, facing his partner. \" Anyway I'm Paul, and if want to walk that's just fine\". I think I'm going to like Paul, anyone how uses sarcasm, and lets me do what I want, can't be all that bad. So the dad, Paul, and a pouting James, and I walk to the ambulance, the EMT's re-load the stretcher into the ambulance, and tell me to get in. I cannot believe how humiliating this is. I climb into the stretcher with James asking behind me if I needed help in. Does this guy realize it only takes one hand to strangle someone? I climb inside the ambulance without strangling James, Dad right behind me. Paul tells James that he is the better driver, and should be the one to drive. In reality I knew he saw I could not stand the guy, so he got him out of the way. Again really liking Paul. On the ride to the hospital Paul checked out my arm assessing what the doctors would do once we got to the hospital. While Dad sat next to me on the stretcher, his arms around me in a sideways hug, rubbing my back, and head. Normally I would be horrified for anyone to see this kind of behavior, from me. But dad seemed to be really freaking out, to me this looked like a small scratch, we sharks have high pain tolerances, so to me this barley registered. To him this looked like his kid arm was completely maimed. So I could understand his slight freak out, and Paul had obviously been an EMT I long time, so he was used to seeing all the family cuddling. Once we reached the hospital that's were all the real fun began. I hoped out of the ambulance. With Paul informing me that I would have to get in the stretcher. I looked at him, and he just responded by saying. \" Hospital policy, all patients have to be on stretchers to avoid complications\" \" What complications!\" I started to say but I was cut short when dad grabbed my shoulders, and turned me to face him. Crap he had is papa-shark look again; I am really growing to hate that look. So got on to the stretcher, and pushed the raising button so that I was in a sitting position, and Paul pushed me in to the hospital. As soon as we got in to the building people starting whispering and pointing. \" Is that Adam Conner's kid?\". \"Wonder what happened to him?\" \"Wonder how I will get if I send this pic to the media?\" Ok that last one scared the living out of me, the media, they would eat this alive, pick out every little bit of it, and expose it to the whole world! The council would rip me apart for making a scene. Without a second thought I hopped off the stretcher grabbed the guy's smart-phone and toke out its memory card, dropped it on the floor and proceeded to step on it. I looked up to see the guy no older than 16, but with the brain of a five year old, stare at me open mouthed. \" Don't even think about it.\" I growled. I felt someone come up behind me, and wrap an arm around my waist, I immediately struggled to get the free, but I was in a vise like grip, then I heard a soothing voice in my ear. \" Calm down Sharkboy just ignore them, and get back on the stretcher so the doctor can see you.\" I realized it was Dad who had me, and was sending that idiot with the smart-phone an extreme papa-shark glare, wow I almost feel sorry for the guy almost. Dad walked me back to the stretcher and then Paul proceed to wheel me to a medium sized medical room. Looking around I saw it looked just like the ones I had seen in one of those horror movies Max showed me. Right down to the pointy instruments. Why would anyone let alone a doctor just have their equipment laying around for anyone to grab, honestly it just was not safe, and was slightly terrifying, not that I would ever emit that. Once we were in the room Paul said his good byes and wishes me a quick recovery. Hello I'm a Sharkboy by the end of the week there won't even be a scar! As soon as Paul left the nurse came in, not really taking much care in her work, just following mandatory procedure. It was kinda un-nerving but if it got me out of here faster who cared? Apparently Dad seemed to, as he moved closer to me on the hospital bed, putting an arm around my shoulder, watching every move the nurse made, questioning her at every turn. Anyone with half a brain could see how much dad's questions were bugging her. But after she had done her job of taking my temperature, blood pressure, weight, height, and all dad whispered in my ear. \" I HATE when people don't pay attention to their job's that's really when they mess up, and if a nurse messes up, someone could end up dead.\" Ok now I see where he is going with this, and I get his meaning she should have been paying more attention, and I'm sure after Dad's ever ending questions she will now. The nurse left with a tired, fake smile, saying the doctor would be in shortly. Max had told me after being in the doctor's office all the time for routine check up's , all nurses say shortly, yet what they really mean is, ' when the doctor has time'. Which could mean five minutes, or an hour. I guess I must of gotten lucky because we only had to wait three minutes lucky me. The doctor came in with a wide cheesy smile, gabbed the chair next to the hospital bed, and sat down saying \" When I heard that Adam Conner kid had saved a dolphin had to see it for myself.\" Does anyone on this planet have a brain? I was full on using my ' I'm the king of the ocean' glare at the doctor, while I come feel Dad doing the same with his papa-shark glare. \" Ok, lets check that arm out.\" The doctor said obviously awkward. He gently grabbed my arm turning it over, prodding it gently, I could almost see the gears turning in his head. Finally he said. \" You will be just fine, all this needs is some disinfecting ointment, and rapping with a few stiches.\" The doctor said trying to cover up that last part. \" WHAT!\" I said \" STICHES?\" \" You're going to need a few, there are a few gashes on your arm, but this one.\" The doctor said pointing to the middle of my for-arm where there was a deep long gash. \" Needs a few stitches to heal properly.\" I was to shocked to speak, I was getting stiches, the king of the ocean, who has the ultimate pain tolerance, is getting stiches over a little tuna net. Oh this cannot be happening. But it was and Dad was taking it a lot harder than I was. \" It's ok Sharkboy, it's ok, you're going to be just fine\". Dad thought I was traumatized? Guess again. \" Dad\" I said in a forced soothing voice. \" I feel fine, I am perfectly fine.\" \" Ah no you're not.\" Said the doctor in a sarcastic voice. Ok who did this guy think he was? \" I sorry doctor…..\" \" Richard, Richard Logan\". \" Ok then doctor Logan, my arm is just a-little cut up, I get a few stiches go home, and everything is all good.\" I said I forced calm voice, trying to show him that he needed to shut up! I think he got the message as he shut his mouth, and went and got the stuff he needed. While the Doctor Logan was getting his equipment Dad was rubbing my back and saying that when we got home he would made sushi, and we could watch all the bad ocean movies I wanted. I knew Dad was trying to make me feel better about this whole situation, which I loved, but I just wanted to get this over with. Once doctor Logan had gotten all his equipment, he lead it out on the medical table beside the hospital bed, and laying among the instruments was a long, thick, sharp needle. \" Ah, what's for\". I asked pointing to the shot. \" Oh that's to numb the pain.\" Ok let me get this straight this quack is going to stick a giant needle into my injured arm, to numb the pain? \" I don't that necessary\". I said in a somewhat sharky tone. \" Sharkboy it will be fine just a small pinch and then you won't feel a thing.\" Why was that the same thing all the people in those horror movies say right before they get killed? \" Look I have a really high pain tolerance, so if you could just stich me.\" I said now in a more irritated voice. \" Look, I have to give you this vaccination, it numbs the pain, and is an disinfectant.\" \" Can't I just have the ointment\". \" If really have reach a high pain tolerance, show it to us.\" The doctor said taking the shot, raising it up, flicking it with his finger. Un-consciously I cowered closer to Dad, hoping he would get me out of this, no such luck. \" just relax Sharkboy, it will be over before you know it\". That was the last straw! Jumped up from the bed trying to make a mad get away. But epically failed with dad's arms circled around me, pulling me back down to the hospital bed. Dad pulling me down onto the bed wrapping his arms around my waist and around my good arm. And with his other arm grabbed hold of my injured arm in a vice grip. I bucked and twisted to no avail .I tried kicking to give me some leverage but dad only used his own leg to trap my feet, I was down for it was official. That did not stop me from trying to get loose. I still struggled unit I heard a sharp \" TAYLOR\" I turned my neck around to see dad's face covered in sweat and worry. \" Calm down, I got you, take a breath and keep looking at me\". I followed his instructions, taking in a deep breath, and keeping my eyes on his face. Without warning I felt the cool point of the needle penetrate my mare my skin. I was right, that thing hurt like nothing else I could feel the cool anastasia run up my arm, it was a tingling feeling that I absolutely despised. I thrashed and tried to break loose, to do anything, but to no avail. All I could get was. \" I got you Sharkboy, I got you, I'll end soon\". Dad was trying to calm me down but I was already in a shark-frenzy growling, snarling, thrashing, even biting anything to get free, but the only thing dad did was take my jaw in his hands to keep me from biting, and wrap a hand loving around my check, placing my head just under his chin. Keeping his hand there, he traced my face, over my cheeks, eyes, brow, and over my hair. I eventually calmed down enough to find that the doctor had already stitched my arm, and was now rapping my arm in gaz. He was speaking to my Dad about the care my arm would need once we got home. Dad responded to his explanation in a gentle mentally tone, yet never taking his eyes off me. Just kept tracing my face over and over, and for some reason I was calm, no frenzy, no hostility, just calm, a feeling of safety even! A feeling that was foreign but not un-welcomed. In this moment I knew that dad would not care if I was half shark he would just care that I was ok, in that moment I knew I had to tell dad, and I knew he still would love me.[Chapter 6] It was a week after the incident, and that guy at the hospital that was trying to take a picture of me for the media, well he was not the only one. Apparently some other creep had and sent the picture to some news crew and know you could not turn on one TV on earth, and probably planet Drool without seeing me one a stretcher. Me the king of the ocean, savior of Planet Drool was on a stretcher, because I had a little scratch on my arm. This is utterly humiliating. Dad was trying to the media to stop showing the picture saying that I wanted \" privacy\". Well that had the opposite effect and know those piranha just keeping at it. \" Oh look at little Taylor Conner, being daddy's little marine biologist helping that poor dolphin\" They would go on and on and on. Honestly don't these people have lives, oh that's right their whole career circles around what I do! The rest of the weekend was cool pretty much just hung around, and relaxed, but first day back at school, I really wish Max would just send me to davy-jones locker, it would have been an improvement. As we were driving up to the school all those brats were jumping up and down trying to get in the shot of the…..camera crew? Ok now I was curious why was a camera crew at the stupid high school. And then it clicked, ok how did these nuts know where I go to school? Now I have to figure out how I'm going to get in school without eaten alive. Apparently dad had the same idea, as he quickly told me. \" Put on your hat and duck down, I'll drive you round back\". I quickly put my hat on and as dad drove to the back entrance to the school and I quickly got out of the car parrying to Neptune no one saw me. But to my extreme surprise dad got out of the car to, and followed me to the door. I look at him as if to say \" you need something\". He looked at me and said \" I need to talk to the principle about getting these nuts\" the way he talked, it was almost deathly, sucks to be those guys. Luckily for us there was virtually no one in the building, it seemed the entire student body was outside .Before I knew it dad and I were standing out said the principles office Ms. Stanly was her name, I had seen her before, a kind, but strict woman. I have grown to have some respect for her, and believe me it is hard to get me to respect any one, let alone someone how voluntarily wants to be around these imbeciles all day! As we stepped into her office Ms. Stanly was yelling at someone though the phone. \" No WE DO NOT COMMENT ON OUT STUDENTS, THAT IS STUDENT TEACHER CONFIDENTIALY BY LAW! AND IF I HEAR THAT YOU HAVE CALLED THIS SCHOOL AGAIN I WILL CALL THE POLICE\". And with that she hung up the phone. Looked up to see us and made a waving gesture indicating that she wanted up to set in in the two chairs front of her desk. \" I assume that you came here to talk about the commotion with the media\". Ms. Stanly said with a calm voice. \" Yes we have\". Dad responded. \" I don't know how they found out where Taylor goes to school, but I don't like it, school should be a place he can learn, and have a good time with friends, not dogging paparazzi, plus the stress would not benefit his health\". \" Dad I'm fine\". I said in a comforting voice, for the whole weekend he would barley let me get out of bed, I had to remind him several times that it was arm that was injured, not my legs. Dad opened his mouth to say something but Ms. Stanly beat him to it. \" About your health Taylor, is there anything that we should know about, and medication that you would need to take\"? \" Oh ya\". I said rummaging through my bag for the little bottle of pain killers \" I'm supposed to take one of these every six hours\". I put the bottle on the Principles desk in front of me. Ms. Stanly nodded her head toke out a piece of paper and wrote something on it, turning back to me said \" When we are finished talking, go to the nurse's office with this to her so she can keep the medication on file.\" \" What do you mean the nurse has to keep the medication on file\". I asked in a curious told. \" By law the nurse has to hold all the students medication in case a student might abuse it\". Ok that is just stupid what if a kid had an asthma attack by the time someone got the nurse with the medication the kid would dead by then. But then again I hate taking those med's and if they were in the nurses office the more excuses I have not take them, so I just nodded my head keeping my plan to myself. Dad and Ms. Stanly kept talking about precautionary measures, honestly the way they were talking, you would think I was hit by a semi! Finally they stopped talking and Ms. Stanly turned to look at me with an amount of sternness, mix with what seemed to be sympathy. \" There are going to be a lot of students out there, that are going to ask you a lot of questions that you don't have to answer, just tell them you don't want to talk, and walk away, if they keep bugging you could talk to one of the faculty and we will deal with it\". \" Alright\". I said I had already formulated a plan to get these pests off my back, if they annoy me to much just turn them into my personal sushi bar! It is a very effective plan. Finally the meeting was over dad and I shook hands with Ms. Stanly and dad and I walked out of her office, into the hallway. \" Look Taylor I know you like to take care of yourself but if ever feel overwhelmed then call me, and I'll come and get you, I'm serious don't even second guess just call, any stress is not good in your condition\". Dad said with a serious, and worried expression. \" I feel fine, I'll by fine I'm a shark I am the thing, everything in the ocean fears\". That made dad snicker, he leaned forward to rap his arms around me in a hug, being extra careful not to squeeze my arm. He gently kissed by forehead, and to down at me and said \" I'll call you at lunch and check in\". With one last reluctant squeeze he let me go, and walked around to the back exit, to leave, as I walked to first period to start my day of hell. As I was walked into class everyone gawked and whispered, I toke extra care to tuck my injured arm under my seat, and avoided talking at all costs, and I was doing pretty good job unit lunch. As I was walking to the cafeteria I realized that there was no way I was going to be able to set at my usual back lunch table without some moron come up, and try to talk to me. So I choose to weave through the hallways and found a nice quiet, semi private place, in the back section of the school at the bottom of a staircase. I had seen few other students eating there lunch around the same area, saying they needed some quiet to get some homework done, they had the right idea, as I sat and ate my fish-balls or sushi I started to wonder why I had not done this in the first place? As he had said dad called and asked if I was ok, if I need him to come and take me home, and if I had taken the pain medication. Ok I lied about the taking the pain medication honestly it just made me so tired and, the my arm didn't even hurt what's the point of taking pain med's when there is not pain? I had just hung up with him when my worst nightmare appeared. I looked up from my fish balls to find the jock squad was in front of me with a small kid standing next to them with a paper and pad, and a badge that said \" Press\". Oh crap, I should have just told dad to pick me up. \" What are you doing in a corner, when you should be celebrating\"? Said David Patterson the idiot jock who through a shoe at me the first day of school, I thought I got rid of his guy, oh well he was enough meat on him to make a healthy sized meal. I quickly got up and drew myself to full height, so I was only a couple centimeters shorter than him, but from the look in his eyes I obviously scared the living out of him. Good he should be scared. \" Oh and what should I be celebrating\"? I inquired. \" Your heroic deeds dude, diving in the ocean to save a dolphin that's pretty tight\". David with genuine care. I was shocked to say the least, but kept my cool. \" There's nothing to celebrate about a dolphin almost getting killed by a stupid net\". I said through clenched teeth. \" Ya what happen to that dolphin sucks, but you can't say that net didn't do a number on you\". David replied pointed to my bandaged covered arm. \" I did what I had to do\". Was my only answer. \" Well the whole school wants to know what you had to the do, the whole world does\" David said making a large gesture of the world with his arms, \" So who bout giving the school newspaper and exclusive interview\". All his jock squad whooped and hollered. This people are amazing truly amazing, it would have to take an amazingly thick person to turn a dolphin getting slowly cut to death, and kid getting injured trying to save it, in to more publicity for that person. David Patterson the jock who got the dolphin hero to give the school an exclusive interview, oh wow he must the greatest guy, like a real superman. Oh please and the worst part was all these morons bought it, the believed every word that came out of this guy's mouth like he was a prophet, honestly it makes me want to puck, for better yet, punch him in the stomach so many times David would. As I was about to make my attack, when two strangers came and gapped me by the arms pulling me away yelling something like \" Sorry Mr. Conner is a very busy man and has other affairs to attend to\". These to strangers quickly pulled my into a empty class room, the marine biology room and started to fanatically speak to me. \" Hey you ok\", \" What Patterson did was low, but everyone around here thinks he's god\", \" Is there any way we can help you\"? This was when I really looked at my rescuers for the first time, one was a small African American girl, couldn't be more that 5 foot, but the way she held herself in such a confident way it made you think she was in charge. The other was a guy about my height a little taller fair skin, bleach blond hair with kind and understanding eyes. They must have seen the look of shocked on my face, and the small girl quickly apologized saying \" Oh wow sorry just pull you in here without telling you who we are I'm Miranda and this is Nico\". She said with a smile. \" I'm Taylor\". I said kind of shyly. \" Ya we figured\". Miranda said and came forward to give me a hug, she did it so quickly I barely had time to react. She quickly let me go, again seeing my shocked face giggled a little and said \" It looked like you needed a hug\". Ok that was the first time anyone had ever said that to me. \" Ah thanks\". Nico just laughed and wrapped an arm around Miranda's waist and a kiss on her cheek and said \" Your get used to it\". Oh they were a couple. I smiled shyly and them thinking of lava girl I really did miss her. \" Aww what's her name\". Nico said shocking me. \" Is it what obvious'? I asked \" YA\" Nico and Miranda said in unison. All of us giggling a bit. Wow who would have ever thought I would have talking to these people and actually starting to like them, ok his is getting weird. \" But serious\". Miranda said her whole demeanor changing form sweet, to intimidating in a second. \" Nico's right what Patterson did was low, he should have never cornered you like that, and with everyone watching, the guy is just a coward can't have a normal conversation with a person without three over people around him. If it happens again just tell him to bug off! He will act like the spoiled pouty child he is for a couple of days, but he'll get the picture and leave you alone, but really, is there something that we can do for you\". Wow this girl was good at talking and sound like she was ready to go down there a give Patterson and piece of her mind, she reminded me of a mother alligator you mess with her kids, you won't live to say to see very long. Nico's said the same thing, I appreciated what these guys were doing, and was about to open my mouth with I heard. \" Well it seems Mr. Patterson and the I are going to have a long talk\". I turned around to see Ms. Lewis with her hands on her hips looking very irritated, ok how did I not hear her? How did she even get in, wait this is the marine biology room she was probably in here the whole time eating her lunch! My senses have really gone down with being human! \" It's ok Ms. Lewis really\". I tried to reason, I really did not want to snitch on the oh so perfect David Patterson, if I did everyone would be pissed at me, causing my more publicity, which I never wanted. \" No it's not\". Miranda said sternly. \" What Patterson did was wrong, and he will think he can get away with it, if he does not get caught\". She said passionately. \" Ya man you got to stick up for yourself, even if you sound like a snitch\". Nico added. \" Fine\" I agreed it could not hurt to try, I really wanted that dolt off my back. \" About that favor\". I looked to Miranda, and Nico. \" Could guys slip my out back, so my dad can take me home\"? \" Are you feeling ok\"? Asked Ms. Lewis \" Ya just a little stressed\". \" My dad said no stress, because my condition\". I just that last remark to butter her up, so that she would not tell me to stay and face my problems blah, blah. Ms. Lewis quickly agreed, and told me call my father, and while Miranda, and Nico came up with an escape route through the building. I quickly dialed dads number, and he picked up on the first ring. \" Sharkboy what's wrong, did something happed\"? He said with concern. \" It's kind of a long story, but I need you to come and pick me up\". Saying with as much calm as possible. \" Your stressed\". That's all he said. \" Ya I am\". I replied in a simple manner. \" I getting in the car right now, go through the back I'll meet you there, and take big deep breaths try to stay calm\". \" Ok I will\". I hung up the phone and Nico tossed me my hoody saying to put it one and duck down. He and Miranda quickly maneuvered through the school with caution, dogging every person they saw in a ten foot radius. Finally we got to the back entrance to the school, to find Dad was already there! He must have driven like a maniac to get here with in three minutes, but I was happy I did not have to wait to go home. Dad quickly saw me and walked or ran towards me looking me over, and taking my arm gently making sure I was not injured. Once he was satisfied he looked back at Miranda, and Nico and said \" Thank you for your help\". \" Don't mention it\". They said and Miranda continued to say \" See you soon\". I smiled back and thought maybe I would. I quickly climbed into the car and dad did to, and started to drive. Once we reached home he told me to put my bag in my room and come into the living room, I did as he asked and came down to the living room, to see dad with a concerned look on his face and thermometer in hand. \" Come here Sharkboy\" dad said I walked over to him wondering what was going on, when he stuck the thermometer in my mouth! About to spit it out in shock dad instantly had his hand on the thermometer keeping it in place, and said \" Do not talk, or bite down on it, I need a clear reading\". Finally the thing beeped and dad looked at it in august quickly said \"go upstairs and lie down\". I opened my mouth to protest but was stopped when dad showed me the thermometer according to that thing my temperature was 102.02 ok this thing is broken. I feeling perfectly fine! If I was even close to that temperature I would be throwing up, and having a supersized head ache. I tried to speak but all I got was a shake of the head, and dad pointing to my room. Oh well at least I can hang out in there until this whole thing blows over. I went up to my room, lie down on my bed, and picked up a book and started to read. As I was reading I heard the facet being turned on, I figured dad just wanted to take a shower, so I was stunned when he came into to my room, and said. \" Come on you need an ice bath\" \" I NEED A WHAT!\" My hearing must be going because I could have sworn I heard my father say I needed and ice bath! \" This is not up for discussion, you got stressed out so your temperature rose, and know you need and ice bath to bring it down.\" \" You don't understand, this guy..\" I never got to finish my sentence for dad lifted up his hand and palm facing me in signal that told me to shut it. \" You can tell me what happened later. But first you need an ice bath, for your own health\". \" Dad I truly feel fine, maybe the thermometer is broken, if my temperature was that high I would feel sick, and I don't I don't need this\". \" YES YOU DO\". Dad Thundered \" YOU CAN GET INTO THE BATH ON YOUR OWN OR I CAN CARRY YOU, EITHER WAY YOU ARE GETTING IN\"! I swiftly walked to the bathroom knowing dad was not kidding, and found that the bath tub was filled with water with large cubes of ice bobbing around in it. I undressed and got in the tub, it was freaking freezing I have been in Article Circle water, but this is just ridicules. I sat in the freezing water for about five minutes before I couldn't stand it any longer was about to get out of the tub, when dad knocked on the door and said. \" Make sure to duck your head in the water\". Ok was guy standing outside the door I would not put it against him to! I quickly ducked my head in the ice water resurfaced, and got out of the tub re-dressing, and droning the water out of the tub. I walked out the door to see that dad was indeed standing outside the door, with a thermometer in hand quickly plopped it in my mouth and, knowing what to expect I kept it in my mouth, and waited for the beep. When it beeped he toke it out of my mouth and breathed a sigh of relief I did not know why until I looked over his shoulder to see that now the thermometer read 99.8. \" Much better\". He said, and proceed to lead to me to the living room gently push me on to the couch, and went to get the remote to turn on the TV he sat back down with me, and we started to watch some random comedy it was not half bad. As we were watching TV I started to become aware of how tried I was and, before I knew what was going to my eyes started to drop and, my head fell on to dad's shoulder, I started to try to get up when dad said. \" It ok Sharkboy just take a nap here\". Not needing any more encouragement I let my head fall back on his shoulder and feel asleep in my dreams devising the perfect plan to tell him of my true shark nature.[Chapter 7] I can do this…. I can do this…. I can do this. I kept chanting to myself, I had prepared for this, my plan was going to work! Everything was going to be fine. I had just underestimated how much this was going to FREAK ME OUT! It was time to tell my dad about me being a true Sharkboy. We were at the beach in that cavern Dad had showed me that day when I went to save the dolphin, it was Saturday again, I don't know how but I had managed to survive the week! David Patterson was given detention for \" harassing another student\" which somehow had made him an icon for being a bad-boy ?In the meantime Miranda and Nico had become my almost friends, they were only two people in that hell hole I can stand to be around, we had even started working on homework together, and eating lunch at the same table! It was nice, having a semi normal human life, now I kind of understand why Max likes up here so much! But back to the matter at hand, my plan was to tell him here in the cavern, that way there was no chance of an interruption, and if worst came to worst, I could just transform, and swim out the underwater passage in the cavern, I'm really hopping it does not come to that. Dad and I had just walked in to the cavern, dad had brought and back pack with lunch inside it, as we were planning on spending the whole day here, dad was just setting the bag down when I made my move. \" Dad, we need to talk\". I guess by the sound of my voice he knew something was up. \" What is it Sharkboy\"? He asked that name made flinch, realizing I was about to tell him how real the name Sharkboy really was, but Dad seemed to mistake my flinch for pain, and stating to have a parental freak-out. \" Oh My God Taylor are you ok? Does your arm hurt? Maybe we should go home\"? \" No dad I'm not in pain! I just need to tell you something…\" \" You can tell me anything\". He said sincerely, I nodded and sent a silent prayer to Neptune, and toke off my morph necklace, and jumped in to the pool. Under water I could feel myself changing, my fingers into talons, a fin growing out of my back, my teeth sharpening to a point. I was back in my Sharkboy form, I swam back up to the surface, to show my dad what is son had become since the day of the storm. At first he did not notice anything, in fact he smiled slightly and said \" You know you can't just swim away your proble…..\" he never finished his sentence, because by then he had seen my hind fin, and was screaming \" GET OUT OF THE WATER NOW!\" He tried to grab my arm, but saw my now talon fingers and quickly let go, completely stunned, I stepped back, hands shaking, mouth on the ground. Not saying a word, I'm not sure if he was even breathing, just stared at me, taking in my Sharkboy form. \" Dad\" I said with caution \" let me explain\". \" what.. what happened?\" \" The night of the storm I was floating on my life raft, freaking out cause I had no idea what I was going to do, when three fin's popped out of the water it was Egg back, Piggy, and Kraken, you remember the shark's I use to feed at the old lab.\" Dad nodded numbly. \" Well they found me floating out in the middle of the ocean, I guess they had grown a soft spot for me, because they took me in, the raised in the ways of the shark, I lived with them, migrated with them, became one of the.\" \" When I human is in an environment for a long period of time they adapt to the environment by becoming like the animals living there\". Dad and I recited in unison. He started at me stunned, and slowly walked toward me, knelt down, and looked straight into my eyes, I looked back at him, starting intently, I did not even notice that his hand had gone into the water and had reached for mine, I quickly pulled away at his touch but with a soft, \" It's on Taylor, it's ok\". I let him take my hand, in then pull it out of the water, and turned it over, he looked at it with wild fascination, brushing is fingers along my talons. \" There is barley a scar\". What? I thought then I realized that he was looking at my injured arm, to see how the injury would differ being human and shark, honestly he was such a nerd I had to smile at that. \" That's why I did not want to go the doctor I knew it would heal on its own\". \" As a shark yes It would have, as I human, you needed a doctor\". It was silent then, both of us starting intently at the other, me trying to see what he was thinking, him trying to figure out what was like now. Finally he toke a step back, toke off his shoes at jumped into the pool with me, and said \" tell me everything\". So I did, I told me about planet Drool, about Max, about Lavagirl. When I minced my girlfriend was half lava, queen of earths volcanoes, he started to laugh his guts out saying \" Well I guess opposites really do attract\". I gave him a little shove for that, When I told him I was king of the ocean, for some reason he went all sappy. \" Awe my baby's the king of the ocean, I'm so proud\". He even reached over to hug me and gave me a warm kiss on the check.\" DADDDD\". I whined that was embarrassing, and I was thankful no one was around. \" What\" he replied \" I'm your dad I'm it's my job to embarrasses you\". I told him about the palace, and the kingdom, and all the problems the council faces, he was actually really good at giving advice, finally I got to the point I need him to swear to screechy. Surprisingly he agreed thoroughly saying \" If someone found out about you if would be utter chaos.\" So I told him to the word to say, and he swore in \" I Adam Conner will not share the secrete of the council's existence without permission by the council should I fail to this I will be sentenced to whatever punishment the council see's fit.\" As he said the words the pool started to bubble, magic filling the air, and the words, become an oath, and the oath was sworn in. the rest of the day went by well enough, I told him of my life as king, and he got use to the idea that his kid was half shark, by the end of the day the only thing he really wanted was to meet lavagirl! It's not that I don't think they won't get along, it's just that my Dad meeting my girlfriend is bound to end with major humiliation![Chapter 8] There is one thing a teenager never wants to hear, their parents say and that's \"we are going to a family reunion\"! Somehow I had gotten the jackpot and got to go to my family reunion. Dad dropped the bomb on me Friday, I knew it was something was up the minute he walked into my room, he had the fake grin on, that one all parents wear, when they want to butter you up, before the bad news. \" Hey Sharkboy\" He said walking into my room, as I was doing homework, he sat on the bed next to me, and said \" How fun would it be to see your extended family\"? As he said this I was thinking, I HAVE EXTENED FAMILY! When did this happen? I was looking through my memories, from my childhood most of them of my shark uncles, and me and dad at the old lab. But extended family? I vaguely remember a couple of elderly people with sweet smiles, there was also another couple, not old, but around dads age. I remember that they would usually talk to my dad and ignore me, but the most potent thing I remember is two kids just about my age, both of them absolute brats! I remember how they would break my toys, and yell, and screamed non-stop! I despised their visits, if these people were my extended family I do not want to be any-where near them. The look on my face must told my dad what I was thinking because he toke and deep breath and said. \" Look Taylor, you have not been your grandparents, in years, you are their first grandchild…..they miss you, not to mention May, and Tomas, you're their only connection to Mary.\" Mary, my mom. Oh he just had to play the mom card. He knew how I felt about her, I would never admit it, but I miss my mom like nothing else. Even though I really didn't know her….she died of cancer when I was about four years old. It sucks cause as the years go by the less I remember her. But she is still with me, she is always with me, and I know she would want to me to see her parents, and dad knew that too. \" Fine I'll see my grandparents….\" I said reluctantly \" Great Joey, Lana, and the kids will be so happy to see you\"! Dad said with enthusiasm \" Wait a minute, I said I would see the grandparents I said nothing about the rest of them\". \" But Taylor they are your aunt, uncle, and cousins, you remember them…\" \" Sadly…\" I replied thinking of the snotty adults who acted like they were too good to pay attention to their kids , let alone discipline them. \" Ok I know you didn't get along as kids, but your gown up know, you might find you have something in common with them\". I looked at him like he had gone crazy, which I am pretty sure he had. \" So why the sudden interest in me. I mean \" I have been back for a while know, shouldn't I have already seen them by now…\" \" Well ya but….. I wanted you to get readjusted, without the pressure of so many other people\". \" So….. why know….\"? \" Every year we have an annual family reunion\"! Max had told me about his' family reunions', you go to a place miles away from civilization, and spend almost a week, with the part of your family you never see, and never want to see. Playing stupid games, and ' catching up on old times' while trying to keep your cool, even though all the brats in your family, starting annoy the crap out of you! Honestly, who ever invented a 'family reunion' obviously did not have a family. Sadly I do. \" So….. What do they know, I mean, where do they thing I have been\"? \" They think that you were living in an orphanage just off the coast, when you were walking down the beach, while I and having an interview, and we just bumped into each other\". Ok it was partly true. \" Look Taylor if they ask you questions you don't have to answer them\". \" As my family shouldn't they know better than to ask questions\" \" Well…. You remember how my brother can be, and his kids aren't that must better, but just, rise above them\". \" I thought I was supposed to give them a chance get to know them, maybe they changed since I was a kid\" I said with a cheeky grin. \" Do both\" Said dad with an identical grin. \" So when is this 'family reunion'? \" Tomorrow\" \" WHAT\"![Chapter 9] That night I got a chance to talk to Lavagirl and Max, and catch them up on what's been happening. They were all for me telling my dad about me being an actual Sharkboy. Lavagirl saying she would not wait to meet him, Max saying he could not wait to see all the embarrassing baby pictures of me. So I told him, he better shut up, or I was going to make him fish food. When I finally told them about the family reunion, Max gave me a look of sympathy and, said \"good luck your going to need it\". But he also gave me some good advice on staying clam. \"Try and find someone you don't completely hate, and stick with them\". \"If you get to annoyed lie, and say you brought homework to do, don't be afraid to stick up for yourself\"! After I talking with lavagirl and Max, dad and I, were one our way to the 'family reunion' site a small beach cabin, just off the coast, in the middle of absolutely nowhere. I was just grateful it was a beach side cabin, which means, that the ocean was nearby, and if I needed a quick escape. I could just jump in and turn back into Sharkboy. As we were driving to the beach cabin, dad filled me in on all that had happened with in the family, since I have been gone. As dad was telling me all there is to know about our family, I didn't even notice, that we had gotten to the, camp site until I heard a scream of, \" HEY ADAMS HERE\"! The guy who had screamed, looked like a replica of dad with blond hair, this must be my dad's brother Joey. Dad immediately parked the car, and got out giving his brother a hug, it was obvious that they had missed each other. As I quietly exited the car, hoping that Joey did not make a big deal about seeing me. Of course my dear uncle Joey had to make seeing me a big deal. \" OH MY GOD TAYLOR\"! As he was yelling he came up and swopped me up in a hug, actually pulling me off the ground, I didn't know how to react, to I stood rigid in the hug, trying to gently push him away from me. Finally he let me down, only to kneel down, and say \" WOW! Taylor you have grown, you remember me uncle Jo\"? The way he said it, like a little boy on Christmas morning. I replied \" It's nice to see you Joey\". \" Oh so formal\". He said looking at dad, \" Oh no have you corrupted him, into be a two-shoes\". Joey said with a look of fake horror on his face. \" Oh Taylor's is not a two-shoes, but the bad-boy thing seems to be working for him, kid already has a girlfriend\"! Thanks dad, just tell the whole world. But before Joey could comment, an woman appeared from behind him, she looked to be in her mid-60's, but well kept, she looked like one of those clean cut, grannies you see on a betty Crocker cooking box cover. \" Oh my heavens Taylor it's been so many years\". She said as she grabbed me in a gentle hug, that instantly reminded me of my mother. The only person that could ever remind me of my mother, it was my grandmother May. \" Hello grandmother\". I said returning the hug. When she finally let go of me, she put both hands on my shoulders, and said \" We'll let me have a look at you\". Grandmother May toke my shoulder, and gently turned me around as she looked me over. \" You look so much like your father, but your eyes, completely Mary\". I admit it, when she said I had my mother's eyes, I kind of got something in my eyes, cause the king of the ocean definitely does not cry. \" Your right May the boy does have Mary's eyes\". I heard another voice say, I turned around to find that there was a man about the same age as Grandmother May, a shorter man with a bit of a belly, with chestnut cheeks, he looked vaguely like Santa clause, this must me Grandfather Tomas. When he finally caught my eye he opened his arms and said \" Well some here boy, and give your old grandpa a hug\". So I walked over, and when I was in arms reach Grandfather pulled me into yet another hug, and putted my back, and quietly murmured into my hair, so no one else would here, \"You don't know how much we have misses you\". My grandparents, truly missed me, now looking back on it I really had missed them to, like me, I was their connection to mom, dad was right, I did have something in common with these people. \" Oh stop hogging the boy Tomas, I want to hug my grandson\". Said a voice from behind me, and then came a woman around the same age as grandmother May, and grandfather Tomas, but unlike them she was not as stiff, but more relaxed, she was the sort of woman you would see hiking Mt. Everest in her 90's. She was my dad's mother Julia. \" Taylor it is so good to see you, oh for the love of you are so thin, I bet your father has been feeding you nothing but seaweed\". One she released me from the hug I managed to put in a cheeky remark of \" No he's been feeding me nothing but, seaweed, and raw fish\". I heard dad laugh behind me and reply. \" Oh please raw fish is the only things sharks eat\". My father's mother just let out a big sigh, and walked, or rather ran, to my father a captured him in a hug , whispering something in his ear, thinking the rest of us could not hear, well the humans could not, but I could. I heard her whisper \" Adam it is so good to have him back, May, and Tomas, have been lost without him, now the family's complete again\". My father replied a quiet \" I know\" giving me a quick glance knowing I was listening in. \" Did I just hear that Sharkboy was back\"! I heard another booming voice behind me. \"Sharkboy, you come here a give your old pappy a squeeze\". The booming voice was coming from my father's father, Patrick, but no one called by his full name, much too formal, so we all just called him pappy. Pappy, quickly captured me in a hug, and squeezed the life out of me. I mean I thought I was strong. The next half hour, was really me just meeting the rest of my extended family, my aunt Lana, a quiet woman, that didn't talk much, but when she did, the words she said were full of fire. She was the complete opposite of Joey, and their kids Rachel, and Michael were the same. Rachel only two months younger than me, but was a seemed to be a kind, sweet person, yet she had this aura around her that made it seem like, she was harboring a secret. Her young brother my little cousin Michael, seemed like a pretty chill kid, but could be because of the weed, honestly the kid reeked of it! Not that his parents noticed, anything wrong with their kids, I mean Joey, and Lana seemed to be nice people, but honesty they should not be raising children. After the 'meet and great'. Everyone went into the separate cabins to unpack. Dad and had a smaller cabin seeing as there were only two of use Once we were inside the cabin dad was quick to question me on how I like the family so far, because he was my dad I told the brut honest truth. \" The grandparents I like but, the rest…. Well let's just say I'll be happy to leave when this weekend is over. Dad laughed and agreed that they were a little off, ya a little, but made me promise to behave, and notice ' go to their level'.[Chapter 10] The first day was a struggle. As expected they asked questions about my life after the storm, questions I couldn't answer, and didn't want to. We were having breaking fast in the mess hall when Joey asked \"So where have you been all this time, haven't been swimming this whole time have you?\" My uncle asked with absolutely no tact. Grandma Julia elbowed him for his lack of curtsy, and my cousins had enough tact to look embarrassed. \"Not all the time, just most of it.\" I replied cheekily, trying to change the conversation. I snuck a look at my dad, he chuckled at my joke, but I could see from the look in his eye that he was getting anxious. \"What do you mean Taylor?\" My uncle asked, I gave raised at brow at his question in confusion. \"Well, you said you swam a lot, what do you mean by that, where did you live?\" He pressed on. I didn't get what was so important about knowing where I had previously lived, but none the less all my relatives leaned in closer, eyes wide, prepping for whatever answer they were going to get. Dad jumped in before anything could be said. \"Cool it Joey.\" He said \"If sharkboy doesn't want to talk about, then leave it be!\" He finished with a protective glare. \"That bad huh?\" My uncle replied, starting at me with wide eyes. Wait a minute, where did these people think I had been living? I looked around, and caught a glimpse of each of their eyes, my cousins were filled with curiosity, my uncle and aunt where of skepticism, while my grandparents were of concern. \"What are you talking about Joey?\" Dad asked before I could. \"I don't know…You hear things about kids on the street.\" \"I didn't live on the streets.\" I said \"I didn't live on the street, or a foster home, some nice…people took my in and raised me.\" I said never looking up, I couldn't believe the audacity of this man who was supposed to be my family. \"I didn't mean anything by it Taylor.\" He said realizing is words, too bad it was too late. \"Ya sure, I'm going back to bed.\" I said rising from the table leaving my food, I had suddenly lost my appetite. I could hear them call after me, and then after realizing I was not coming back they started to yell at each other. Didn't matter I needed to cool off. I raced of to the harbor, ditched my shoes, and shirt took off the morph necklace, and gently but securely placed it into my pocket. I immediately felt my body changed my finger nails elongating into talons, by teeth sharpening into fangs, I doubled over I began to feel my gills grow back as well as my fin. I escaped into ocean, the sweet feeling of being weightless, the salt water against my skin, I don't know why but breathing underwater was somehow easier the breathing above it. Maybe it was because I had gotten so use to breathing underwater that not to was weird. Or maybe it was more than that maybe it was because…I didn't really belong in the human world anymore. The more I thought about it the more I realized how true it was. One week of school for me was a nightmare why? Because I didn't fit with them, I wasn't one of them. I hadn't gone to school for nine years like the rest of them, I was ruling the oceans! Speaking of ruling the oceans I really had been neglecting my royal duties. When I left to find dad I felt my uncles in charge, and that isn't fair, the oceans are my responsibility. I need to go back, I realized. But, I didn't want to leave Dad, I had just found him! Max said that the morph necklace could turn a human into a sharkboy like me, if I wanted to bring dad to the palace. But would he agree to it? \"Where is he? This is all your fault Joey! When we were little I blamed your mouth on the fact you were a kid, and would grow out of it, but now you're a grown man with a wife and kids I thought would have gotten some tact by now!\" Was that Dad? \"Damn Adam I'm sorry, I never imagined he would take off.\" Joey? What was going on? \"Adam do you know where he could have gone, it's getting dark, I don't like the idea of him running around alone\" Ol Pappy said. It was odd to hear the man sound worried, from all the stories Dad told me, and from what I remember he was a naturally care free guy. It was odd to hear him sound worried. That was first time I actually toke the time to realize how dark it was getting, when I left it was morning the sun had just risen, now the sun had completely disappeared, how long have I been out here? I better get back, before this gets any more serious; I swam back quietly, completely undetected thanks to my shark senses. When I reached the harbor I put the morph necklace back on and once again felt my body shift. My talons retracting to finger nails, my teeth shrinking to a flat, and my gills, and fin completely disappearing. I was about to put my shirt back on when, two salt water hardened hands gapped me and spun me around. \"Where had you been?\" Dad half yelled, half growled. Joey, and Ol Pappy where a few steps behind him, how had them gotten here, the last I saw they were a few hundred feet away? \"Taylor.\" He repeated this time with a little more intensity. Making sure I knew that he was pissed. \"I just wanted to take a swim to blow off some steam.\" Making a point to look anywhere put at Joey, and yet from the corner of my eye I could see him fidget under his own father's scrutiny. \"I understand that sharkboy\" Dad said sending a slight glare to his brother. \"But you should have told me where you going, I was worried sick when you didn't come back to camp.\" He finished putting his hands on my still wet shoulders. Wow, he got the guilt trick thing down pat. \"I'm sorry, I didn't realize it had gotten so late.\" I replied, trying to make voice sound as sincere as I felt. \"You need to be careful sharkboy.\" Dad said in a tone lower, glancing sideways at Joey, and Ol Pappy and I got his double meaning. \"I will be.\" I promised thinking about my earlier thoughts. Dad nodded and told me to get dressed, after that we all walked back to camp in complete silence. It was obvious Dad was still mad at Joey, and frankly so was I, but I had bigger issues that Joeys lack of tact. ","Summary":" Coming home \"Come on shaky you can do this\" Said lava girl, her hot pink hair flowing throw the w"},{"Movie":"Pinocchio","Title":"Cherry's Adventures of Pinocchio","Author":"PerkyGoth14","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13167066","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Behold! My Pinocchio story, but first, a treat for all my watchers... The screen seemed to be black before a couple of spotlights shined down on two characters, the girl in a black long-sleeved dress with her hair down and a silver streak in her hair and the boy in a suit to match her dress. \"Hello, and welcome,\" The girl spoke. \"I know you are all anxious to see an adventure story around the Disney classic of Pinocchio, but before we get into all of that, this is a special feature for all of you loyal readers and watchers.\" \"Yeah, so before we get into that, here's something REALLY fun and cool!\" the boy replied. A giant logo soon appeared which said: 'PERKYGOTH14'S NEW MASTERPIECE THEATER' which was accompanied by classical music to sound sophisticated and mature. \"Eh, we can try to be sophisticated, but not like we can pull it off!\" Another boy shrugged. \"Besides, it's none of that sophisticated junk: it's just sweet, sweet awesomeness!\" \"I'm PerkyGoth14, your beloved fan fic author.\" The girl spoke up. \"I'm thunder pony, a long-time collab partner of PerkyGoth14 since March 2014.\" The first boy added. \"Has it really been that long?\" PerkyGoth14's eyes widened. \"Whoa... I'm getting old.\" \"And I'm Scrappy Doo Fan!\" waved the third boy. \"I've been collaborating with PG14 for a few months, but I've been reading her stuff for a while longer!\" \"Yeah? Well, I'm friends with her on Facebook.\" thunder pony bragged before crossing his arms like a smirk. \"You look like Hyde from That 70's Show when you get cocky like that.\" PerkyGoth14 told him. \"Yeah, well it's not a competition.\" Scrappy Doo Fan replied. \"Nyeeehhh...\" thunder pony made a goofy face. \"That was real mature...\" PerkyGoth14 deadpanned. \"Anyway, I've never done this before, so... It looks like we're going to watch and review something for you all to try a little something different.\" \"Yup-yup-yup!\" Scrappy Doo Fan replied. \"We're going to be looking at...\" Thunder Pony said before looking up to see the title. \"Sailor Moon?\" \"Ah, yes, the adventures made specifically for Dimples.\" PerkyGoth14 smirked. \"More specifically, the Viz media dub that's more accurate to the Japanese version.\" Scrappy Doo Fan added. \"Which reminds me...\" PerkyGoth14 said before adding the other Sailor Moon movies to her to-do list of adventures before putting it down. \"All right.\" \"You really don't have to write all of these.\" Thunder Pony said to her. \"Yeah, I guess.\" PerkyGoth14 shrugged. \"Yeah! Most of the people who made those requests probably forgot by now!\" SDF replied. \"Anyway... On with the show!\" Thunder Pony smiled. Eventually, the screen showed the Sailor Moon episode going to be watched. \"Previously, on Avatar-I mean! Starting on Sailor Moon.\" PerkyGoth14 began, over-dramatically. \"Actually, we're watching the first episode,\" SDF replied. \"So there's nothing previous to report.\" \"Hi, I'm Usagi Tsukino,\" the narration began. \"I'm 14 years old, and I got to Juuban Middle School. I'm a bit of a klutz, and sometimes I get teased for being a little emotional.\" The camera panned up to reveal that she was sound asleep in her bed. \"Usagi! It's after 8:00!\" A voice called out. Usagi groaned as she didn't want to wake up, but she soon panicked once she realized it was a school day and she was going to be late. \"Is it me or do a lot of Japanese dubbed anime girls sound a lot alike?\" PerkyGoth14 commented. \"It's not just you. Most of their days always start out like this.\" SDF replied. \"AAAH! NOT AGAIN...!\" Usagi wailed. After somehow getting dressed under the span of a micro-minute, she dashed downstairs while brushing her teeth. \"WHY DIDN'T YOU WAKE ME SOONER, MOM? I'M LATE!\" \"I did, but each time you just said go away.\" her mother replied. \"That sounds like me in the morning.\" PerkyGoth14 commented. \"I don't remember that!\" Usagi panicked as she rushed around the house. \"Usagi...?\" Ikuko called. \"What? I'm in a hurry!\" Usagi replied. \"You don't need your lunch?\" Ikuko asked, bringing out her daughter's lunch. \"Huh?... I do...\" Usagi muttered as she came back. So she quickly rushed back and got it, before heading out the door. On her way to school, she saw a trio of kids gathered around in a parking lot. \"HEY! STOP THAT!\" she yelled. The kids freaked out and ran off, revealing that they were gathered around a bluish-black cat. \"Little meanies...\" she groused, before bending down to the cat. \"Poor thing, you okay?\" \"And it begins...\" Thunder Pony muttered. \"At least it's not the cat from Blue Exorcist.\" PerkyGoth14 added. She then picked up the cat who soon yowled and looked distressed. \"You want me to take it off? Okay...\" \"No, Usagi, don't talk to the cat!\" PerkyGoth14 warned. \"That started the whole mess in The Cat Returns!\" \"What are you talking about?\" asked SDF. As soon as Usagi removed the bandages, it revealed a moon-shaped crescent on its forehead. \"Whoa, a bald spot...\" she remarked. In an instant, the cat leapt from her arms and landed atop a nearby car, on all four paws. \"Neko ninja!\" Thunder Pony remarked. Usagi looked on nervously...until the bell rang. \"AAAAAGH! OH, NO, THAT'S THE BELL! I AM SO LATE!\" she screamed, running off. \"Anybody notice how Usagi sounds a LOT like Maryke Hendrikse, who voiced Susan from Johnny Test and Gilda from My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic?\" asked Scrappy Doo Fan. \"I can't be the only one who's noticed.\" \"Yeah, I can see that.\" Thunder Pony replied to him. \"Now that you mention it, that makes sense a little...\" PerkyGoth14 agreed once she thought about it for a moment. \"L ATE AGAIN! \" the teacher yelled. And as a result, Usagi had to stand outside the classroom. \"No fair; it's not my fault if the other kids get to school on time...\" Usagi whined. \"Like I said... This was trouble in The Cat Returns about saving a cat...\" PerkyGoth14 muttered. \"Oh, I just got back from TV Tropes. I get what that means.\" SDF replied, as Usagi's stomach began to growl. \"And now I'm hungry, too...\" she whined. Glancing around, she saw nobody, so she was about to tuck into her lunch before her teacher caught her. \"Miss Tsukino! WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!\" she yelled, holding up a paper with a red \"30%\" on it. \"THIS KIND OF ATTITUDE IS EXACTLY WHY YOU'RE FAILING!\" \"30%?!\" Usagi gaped. \"Damn...that's a lousy grade...\" SDF commented. \"Ooh...\" PerkyGoth14 and Thunder Pony cringed for Usagi's misfortune. Usagi soon came outside to talk with her best friend. \"Gosh, you're unbelievable, Usagi,\" The other girl said to the blonde. \"You seriously need to learn some self-control!\" \"But I'm a growing girl!\" Usagi defended. \"You're my best friend, so you understand how I feel, right, Naru?\" The other girl seemed to hesitate somewhat. \"Hey, how'd ya end up doin' on yer test, Usagi?\" asked a brown-haired kid with glasses. \"Hey, that guy sounds like Numbuh 2 of the Kids Next Door!\" SDF remarked. \"Can't ya tell by her expression, Umino?\" asked Naru. \"Not that she's failed any worse than usual...\" \"Well, don't feel too bad; I slacked off a little, so I only got a 95!\" Umino replied, holding his paper up. \"Of course he did.\" PerkyGoth14 sweat-dropped. Naru glared at him. \"Oh, well, it's just a test.\" Umino replied. \"What a jerk!\" Naru glared. \"Oh, by the way, didja hear Sailor V made another appearance the other night?\" Naru asked, trying to cheer Usagi up. \"I heard she caught a jewel thief this time!\" \"Wow, that's amazing!\" Usagi beamed...before asking, \"Who's Sailor V, anyway?\" \"DON'T ACT IMPRESSED IF YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT!\" Naru yelled. \"That's what we call a poseur, folks.\" SDF explained. \"Sailor V is a crime-fighter in a sailor uniform that everybody's been talking about lately.\" Umino told Usagi. \"Exposition, Exposition, rush it out, ASAP~\" PerkyGoth14 randomly sang. \"I love jewelry,\" Naru gushed. \"I get why someone would wanna steal some of it!\" \"Yeah, I'd SO love to have a diamond ring!\" Usagi agreed. \"Alright, I'm gonna say it,\" Lionel replied, entering the episode. \"*inhale* BORRRRRRRRRRRRIIIIIIIIIIIIIINNNNNNNGGGGGGGGG! \" \"Whaaat?\" PerkyGoth14 and Thunder Pony asked as Lionel came into the episode. \"C'mon, you two might as well bring your OCs in, too.\" SDF shrugged. \"Uh... Well... About us being involved with Sailor Moon... That might be a bit tricky...\" Thunder Pony smiled bashfully about the fan fiction series involving the anime: Sailor Moon. \"It's only gonna be once!\" SDF replied. PerkyGoth14 and Thunder Pony soon looked to each other. Cherry and Atticus soon joined Lionel in their own school uniforms to blend in with the scenery. \"Don't worry, the next Sailor Moon crossover will be coming soon.\" PerkyGoth14 told the readers since she had done Promise of the Rose already. \"If we're lucky,\" SDF shrugged. Lionel wolf-whistled at seeing Cherry in her new threads. \"Awooo-gah! Aw-aw-AWOOOOO!\" he howled. Cherry just glanced stoically, wearing her sailor fuku without a care or opinion in the world as she looked as dark and dreary as ever. \"Some things never change, and sometimes I'm alright with that!\" Lionel smirked. \"I don't get him sometimes.\" Cherry said to Atticus. \"Eh, I'm happy someone likes you for being you?\" Atticus smiled supportively. \"Yeah, don't go changing who you are!\" Lionel replied. \"I just remembered!\" Naru gasped. \"A sale started yesterday at our jewelry store! You wanna come with?\" \"Of course I do!\" Usagi gushed. As the two girls continued talking about jewelry, Lionel then took another deep breath, and yelled \" BOOORRRRRRRIIIIIIIIINNNNNGGGG! \" \"What am I doing here?\" Cherry muttered to herself. Usagi and Naru glared to Lionel for ruining their moment. \"What? You two were yammering on about jewelry, so I merely interjected my opinion,\" Lionel replied casually. \"And last I checked, I have the right to have an opinion!\" \"Well, you didn't have to be rude about it!\" Usagi pouted. \"Why couldn't this be The Cross Academy from Vampire Knight?\" Cherry muttered to herself. \"Because I don't know what that is.\" Lionel replied. \"Me neither.\" Atticus added. \"Philistines.\" Cherry muttered to them. Eventually, the scene changed to show someone. \"Queen Narissa!... I mean, Queen Beryl.\" PerkyGoth14 commented. \"I am NOT a person who cut off Samson's hair!\" Scrappy Doo Fan replied. \"Besides, I'm allowed to not know about every anime ever. Some just don't really interest me, like how you don't really have an interest in Dragon Ball Z.\" \"It's okay, I'm not holding it against you, I guess it's just shown how much I've grown as a person since I didn't like anime when I was younger...\" PerkyGoth14 replied. \"Does Kappa Mikey count?\" \"Now THAT I have seen,\" SDF replied. \"It was a nice show.\" \"Hm~... I dunno if that counts as real anime...\" Thunder Pony replied. \"Though the blue-haired guy is also Goku in Dragon Ball Z.\" \"Then I count it so your argument is invalid,\" PerkyGoth14 smirked to him. \"I used to love that show as a youth.\" \"I think the bad guy is explaining her plan...\" SDF commented. PerkyGoth14 stuck her tongue out to Thunder Pony which just made him roll his eyes. \"Has the Legendary Silver Crystal been found yet?\" Queen Beryl demanded. \"No!\" The crowd replied. \"Our great ruler needs a massive amount of energy,\" Queen Beryl continued to speak. \"Until we obtain the Silver Crystal, we'll have to make due by offering a human energy to our ruler instead.\" \"Ah yes, patented human-brand energy,\" SDF expained in a faux announcer voice. \"Clean-burning, efficient, and never runs out!\" \"Queen Beryl,\" A voice then spoke before a young blonde man appeared. \"Please leave this duty to this Jadeite.\" \"Enter, a white-bread cookie-cutter.\" PerkyGoth14 commented. \"Five bucks says he gets replaced partway through the show's run.\" SDF replied. \"You're on.\" Thunder Pony replied. \"Boys... Go fig.\" PerkyGoth14 muttered in a Dot Warner fashion. \"My Monster Morga is preparing to gather human energy for the ruler.\" The blonde continued to Queen Beryl. \"I will leave it up to you, Jadeite.\" Queen Beryl replied. \"Yes, ma'am.\" The blonde nodded and smirked. \"Ooh, Morga. Zero for creativity.\" SDF retorted. \"Better than I probably would've come up with.\" PerkyGoth14 replied. \"It's still lame, though,\" SDF replied. \"Now, back to our boring main character, and the not-as-boring-much-cooler secondary characters!\" The scene then goes over to the jewelry store. \"Hm... I guess I might as well check to see if I can find anything with an opal in it.\" Cherry said. \"Cool,\" Lionel replied. \"We'll go with, mostly cuz we have nothing better to do.\" \"Yeah... Same... I might as well get something though since I'm here,\" Cherry replied. \"I could buy something to wear the next time I go to the theater for a play or musical.\" \"Fancy!\" Lionel remarked. They soon came into the jewelry store. \"Man, it's as crowded as an Apple Family Reunion in there.\" Thunder Pony commented. \"Okay, I'm guessing that's another MLP reference,\" SDF replied. \"I dropped off watching the show midway through Season 8 cuz I got bored...and cuz we don't have Discovery Family in our cable package anymore.\" \"That's okay, Scraps,\" PerkyGoth14 told him. \"Thunder Pony's just being the classic Thunder Brony.\" \"I figured...\" SDF shrugged. Cherry wandered around with the boys following her as she looked to find anything with the gemstone known as opal which was also her birth stone. Lionel was mostly playing a video game on his portable gaming system to kill time. \"Wow, there are so many people here.\" Usagi commented. \"Thank you all for coming today!\" A woman smiled as she used a megaphone. \"Welcome! Welcome to our store! Please go ahead and try them on!\" \"Mom's really getting into this.\" Naru muttered to herself. \"Isn't she though?\" Lionel commented. \"Oh, hell yeah, high score! Watch out, Wario, I'm comin' to beat your ass!\" Cherry soon puckered her lips as she glanced to a silver opal ring she was trying on, flexing her right hand. \"Somehow...this place gives me a strange feeling,\" Lionel commented. \"Like...foreboding...\" Just then, Naru's mother approached Cherry. \"How about this one? I have a feeling it'd look stunning on you!\" she beamed, holding up a dark-blue opal ring. \"Oh... Uh... Wow... That does look kind of nice.\" Cherry had to admit. Lionel glanced at it. \"I dunno...this thing gives me bad vibes...REAL bad vibes.\" \"Like something bad is about to happen, but you're not sure what it is until it does?\" Atticus asked him. \"Yeah, exactly!\" Lionel nodded. \"I get that feeling a lot myself, and I think I'm having it too, buddy.\" Atticus said to him. \"Glad to know I'm not the only one...\" Lionel sighed. Cherry looked at her new ring, but it seemed to be flashing and sparkling like something was happening. Lionel gasped. \"I KNEW SOMETHING BAD WAS UP!\" he yelled. \"Yep, I knew it too.\" Atticus agreed, though he sounded more calm and mature compared to Lionel's outburst. Little did Cherry and many of the other girls know, their energy was being collected by Jadeite and Queen Beryl. \"How ya holding up, big C?\" Lionel asked. \"Suddenly, I feel very tired...\" Cherry muttered. \"Of course...\" Lionel sighed. \"The ring. Dispose of it now.\" \"But it compliments me...\" Cherry replied. \"You didn't start feeling sleepy 'til you put it on, now TAKE IT OFF AND I WILL THROW IT!\" Lionel replied, but he didn't bother waiting, instead Lionel wrenched the ring free and threw it into the back of the store. \"Hey!\" Cherry yelped as that was a bit sudden. \"That ring was doing something to you! Feeding off your life-force like some kind of leech!\" Lionel explained. \"Cherry, do you still remember who we are?\" Atticus asked. \"Who am I?\" Cherry hesitated before narrowing her eyes. \"Jerk.\" \"She's fine.\" Atticus smiled out of relief. \"Oh, thank God!\" Lionel beamed, hugging her. \"We're gettin' outta here!\" \"That's probably a good idea.\" Cherry replied. They soon left just as Usagi and Naru also decided to leave. \"I don't trust that place...\" Lionel groused. \"There's something freaky about those jewels...and we have to find out what it is!\" \"What're we gonna do?\" Cherry glanced. \"Look up the answer on the internet.\" \"Cherry, not everything can be solved with a WiFi hot-spot.\" Atticus sighed slightly. \"Exactly! We need to investigate!\" Lionel replied. \"OH, STUPID TEST! I HATE YOU!\" Usagi screamed, throwing her crumpled-up test paper over her shoulder. \"Maybe next time you should study.\" Atticus said to her. \"STAY OUTTA THIS!\" Usagi hissed at him. \"Big guy makes sense,\" Lionel retorted. \"You've got nobody to blame but yourself!\" \"Hmph!\" Usagi huffed as she walked off before seeing a black-haired boy which caught her eye instantly. \"Watch where you're throwing things, bun-head!\" The boy snapped, before uncrumpling the paper. \"30%? Looks to me like you better study harder, bun-head.\" \"Bun-Head.\" Cherry quietly snickered as that was kind of funny to her. \"You know he's right, you should study harder.\" Atticus had to agree, even if that boy wasn't exactly nice about it. \"True, true!\" Lionel nodded. \"Stupid jerk in his purple, pleated pants...\" Usagi growled. \"What a weirdo...\" \"Anyway, as we were...\" Atticus said. \"Where can we find an answer though?\" Cherry shrugged. \"Whao...they made Sailor V into a video game...\" Usagi awed at an arcade poster. \"Must be awesome to be Sailor V; she doesn't have any tests to worry about, and beating up those villains must feel super-awesome. Can't believe I hafta bring this stupid test home...\" \"Sucks to be you.\" Cherry muttered. \"Cherry...\" Atticus frowned. And so, Usagi headed home. \"Hey, I'm home...\" she grinned nervously. \"You were sure late getting home today...\" her mom commented. \"Umino called and said you all got your tests back today.\" \"Really, hehehehe...\" Usagi giggled. \"Darn you, Umino...\" \"Busted~\" PerkyGoth14 sang. \"He said he got a 95.\" Ikuko smiled. \"Oh, really...? That's awesome...\" Usagi giggled nervously. \"So, what did you get, Usagi?\" Ikuko asked. \"I'll prepare the funeral arrangements.\" Scrappy Doo Fan replied. \"Well, I, er...\" Usagi stammered. \"Can I see it?\" asked Ikuko. Finally, Usagi relented. \"Okay...\" she took out her test and handed it to her mom. \"Dun-dun-da-dun, dun-da-dun-dun-dun-dun-dunnnn!\" sang SDF, doing the Funeral March. PerkyGoth14 bobbed her head along to the funeral march as it almost sounded like a lullaby, to her anyway. \"USAGI!\" Ikuko sounded outraged now. \"Yes...?\" Usagi winced. \"How can you get a grade like this?!\" Ikuko snapped to her daughter. \"You don't deserve to be let in the house!\" \"Whoa... She kicked her out.\" Thunder Pony commented. \"There's harsh, and then there's just straight-up evil.\" Lionel commented as he and the others passed by. \"When I failed my Math Test miserably, my mom bought me pizza to cheer me up.\" Cherry added. \"Your mom... Sounds awesome,\" Lionel commented. Usagi sat outside, griping to herself, until her younger brother Shingo kicked her in the butt. \"Hey, what huge blunder did mom kick you out for this time?\" he asked. Usagi just looked at her little brother in annoyance. \"Wish I had a sister who wasn't a total loser!\" he laughed as he went inside. \"That's it! Sailor V-kick-\" Usagi moved to attack, but she ended up slamming her knee on the door. \"OWEEEE! C'MON, MOM, LEMME INSIDE ALREADY!\" she bawled. Ikuko seemed to be trying to ignore her daughter. \"That's... Kinda cold.\" Atticus commented about Ikuko making Usagi stay outside just because she had a horrible grade. \"Well, this is Japan. They take grades super-seriously.\" Lionel replied. Eventually, Usagi's mom relented and let her inside. \"Anyway, back to work we go!\" Atticus proclaimed. \"I guess.\" Cherry shrugged. Suddenly, the same cat from earlier snuck into Usagi's window, and the trio followed after it. \"Why are we following a cat?\" Cherry asked. \"I feel that cat is not just any cat.\" Atticus replied. \"You said that about Sabrina's cat and look at how well that turned out.\" Cherry rolled her eyes in deadpan. \"Okay, Salem's kinda funny.\" Lionel replied as the cat stepped in front of the awakening Usagi. \"AAAAH! THE CAT WITH THE BALD SPOT!\" she yelped. \"It's not a bald spot, quit being rude!\" the cat retorted. \"Usagi, my name is Luna, and you can't imagine how long I've been looking for you.\" \"Ooh...\" Atticus and Cherry oohed as Luna talked directly to Usagi. \"Oh, but first, I must thank you,\" Luna then smiled while Usagi looked like she was going to have a nervous breakdown. \"I appreciate you taking off the bandage for me. With it on, I can't talk, and it also dulls my sensory powers. I thought I was done for when those kids put it on, but because of that, it led me to you.\" \"Good night.\" Usagi muffled as she put her head down. \"Hey, this isn't some dream!\" Luna yelled angrily. Then she smirked. \"Alright, I'll prove it's real...\" she leapt into the air, did a flip...and produced a golden brooch that fell onto the bed.\"A little gift from me to you,\" she winked. \"Whoa, it's so pretty!\" Usagi gushed. \"Alright, now listen up,\" Luna explained. \"Looks like we got us an incoming exposition drop!\" SDF exclaimed. \"Brace yourselves!\" \"First episodes are always weird.\" PerkyGoth14 added onto that. \"Usagi, right now, strange things are happening in Tokyo...\" Luna tried to explain while Usagi gushed over her new brooch. \"Usagi, listen! Like I said, strange things are happening in the city. Even the police can't handle what's going on. An enemy has appeared! Usagi, you are the one who can defeat this enemy! You are the chosen guardian. And your other mission is to find the princess with the other guardians.\" \"Wow, that's so cool!\" Usagi gushed. \"I think you've chosen the wrong person for the job...\" Lionel commented. \"You don't believe a word I'm saying, do you?\" Luna sighed. \"Oh, sure, of course I believe you!\" Usagi nodded, not believing a word she said. \"Look, just repeat after me: Moon Prism Power, make-up!\" Luna explained. \"Right!\" Usagi saluted. \"Moon Prism Power: Make-Up!\" she repeated, and her transformation began. \"Here we go.\" Atticus smiled. \"Hope no one gets seizures.\" PerkyGoth14 commented from the flashing lights as Usagi became Sailor Moon for the first time. \"Or nosebleeds,\" SDF added, as the transformation continued. \"I kinda wish we had a fast-forward remote to skip through this.\" \"Don't worry, it'll be over soon.\" Thunder Pony reassured. Usagi was soon completely transformed as the theme music played for her as she was now Sailor Moon. \"No way, what on earth?!\" The blonde girl then suddenly yelped. \"I've transformed! What's going on? What's this about? Please tell me!\" There were then cries for help that Usagi could then hear. \"What's going on?\" Usagi asked. \"Do you finally believe me?\" Luna replied. \"I don't know what's going on, but Naru seems to be in trouble.\" Usagi said. \"Then let's go save her!\" Lionel retorted. \"Maybe then we'll get some answers!\" \"Gah!\" Usagi yelped as that startled her. Meanwhile, Naru was on the brink of being strangled. \"Stop right there!\" Usagi announced, and Morga twisted her neck halfway around. \"Ugh...nasty.\" Lionel gagged. \"I can take her on!\" Cherry smirked cockily. \"Her and what army?\" The patrons of the jewelry store stood up, their eyes blank. \"Looks like we're in for the granddaddy of all throwdowns!\" Lionel cracked his knuckles. \"Transformation time!\" Atticus suggested. \"Okay, but let's just fast-forward through it to save time!\" Lionel replied. \"Aww...\" Atticus pouted. \"Skip.\" Cherry agreed with Lionel. SDF pulled out a remote and fast-forwarded through the transformation sequence. \"Alright then...let's take out the monster and knock-out her pawns!\" Bat-Mite announced. \"Attack them all!\" Morga demanded, and the hypnotized people stood up and lunged at them. \"Oh,no!\" Usagi whimpered. \"Whaddo I do now?\" \"You hafta fight back!\" Luna explained. \"I can't...I don't wanna fight, I'm too scared!\" Usagi cried. \"How did I get myself into this? I WANNA GO HOME!\" she sobbed. \"What were you THINIKNG choosing her?\" Bat-Mite grumbled. \"Now, now, let's try to be supportive.\" Sayiaman said to Bat-Mite. \"Kinda hard to be since she's really lousy at her job,\" Bat-Mite replied. \"What was that foolish feline thinking, choosing an untrained teenager to become a hero? She didn't know what she was getting herself into, unlike ourselves!\" \"Now to finish you all off!\" Morga growled, lunging at Sailor Moon, claws at the ready. Usagi cried out in terror as the monster lunged. \"Yeah, well, it's not like anyone's born perfect, not even LG.\" Sayiaman told Bat-Mite as he went to help Usagi. \"Why? Why is this happening to me?!\" Usagi cried. \"Look, Usagi, I know you're scared, but you must believe you can do it.\" Sayiaman coached. Suddenly, a rose landed nearby like an arrow. Morga turned around in its direction. \"Who are YOU?\" she growled. In the window, there was a man with black hair, a top hat, a suit, and a cape. \"I am known as Tuxedo Mask,\" he explained. \"Sailor Moon, you must remember crying isn't going to solve your problems.\" \"I know, but I can't help it!\" Usagi whimpered as she cried even louder...but her hair decals managed to amplify it, causing the hypnotized people to fall unconscious and Morga to lose her concentration. \"Now's your chance!\" Luna yelled. \"Throw your tiara at her and shout, Moon Tiara Action!\" \"Why do I have to do that?\" Usagi asked. \"JUST DO IT!\" Lady Gothika yelled in a Lisa Simpson fashion. \"Okay...\" Usagi replied, taking her tiara and rearing back. \"Moon Tiara Action...!\" She yelled as she threw it, and it struck Morga, turning her to ashes. \"Good!\" Sayiaman smiled. \"And of course it works... With three minutes left in the episode.\" PerkyGoth14 commented. \"No way!\" Usagi gasped at what she had done. Meanwhile, Jadeite looked a bit peeved. \"Morga... You failed me... You fool.\" \"You know how Usagi was crying like a toddler earlier?\" asked Scrappy Doo Fan. \"Well, it happens A LOT in this series. She cries and gets scared a LOT. The old theme says she'll never turn her back on her friends and that she'll never run from a real fight, but she will. She's a total coward AND a deserter.\" \"Hm~...\" PerkyGoth14 hummed about that. \"Let's just end this segment already-I'm already tired of this anime.\" SDF continued. \"Persistent, isn't he?\" Thunder Pony muttered. \"Yeah... Totally...\" PerkyGoth14 replied. Eventually, the next day at school was shown with the girls talking about 'a strange dream' they all shared. \"Yeah, strange dream...\" Lionel snorted. \"If they knew what REALLY happened, their brains would collapse!\" \"Please, guys; I'm so tired, okay?\" Usagi groaned, putting her head on her desk. \"Just lemme sleep! Nighty-night...\" and just like that, she dozed off. \"Annnd it's over. Thank God for that.\" Scrappy Doo Fan sighed in relief. \"For someone who was eager to review this, you sure are anxious to get it done.\" PerkyGoth14 commented. \"I just wanna get to the main event!\" SDF replied. \"And the reason why we're all here! Besides, I hadn't watched Sailor Moon in a few years...and I forgot how unbearable it was...\" he then added. PerkyGoth14 and Thunder Pony shrugged to each other. \"And now, our feature presentation.\" Thunder Pony said in an old-time announcer voice. Music began to play before the screen changed to show an adventure story for Disney's Pinocchio.[Chapter 2] The screen then showed a small workshop in Italy. Outside, Lionel, Cherry, LJ, Zofia, Atticus, Mo, and their future children appeared, dressed in period clothes. \"So... What's going on?\" Mo asked as they were gathered together. \"Looks like THIS is our first mission,\" LJ explained. \"We have to help Pinocchio learn how to be a real boy...soon as he comes to life, of course!\" \"All right... I just hope you kids know what you're doing.\" Cherry replied. \"How hard can it be?\" Atticus smiled. \"We've met all kinds of different characters in many, many, many places.\" \"Yeah, now it's our time to shine!\" LJ beamed. Cherry let out a small sigh, but she allowed it. What harm could come from this adventure? The kids peeked their heads inside the window to see that the famed toy maker was hard at work with his newest puppet. \"Whoa...that's Geppetto!\" LJ gasped in surprise. \"That's right, Junior~\" Cherry replied. \"He seems to be working.\" Zofia said to her brother. \"Well, now. It won't take much longer. Just a little more paint and he's all finished,\" Geppetto smiled to his cat as he brought out some paint for his wooden puppet which resembled a young boy. \"I think he'll be all right. Don't you, Figaro?\" The cat meowed in reply. \"Isn't that the same cat Minnie owns in some cartoons?\" asked LJ. \"Well... Yes... That's true...\" Atticus had to admit. \"A giant mouse owns a domestic cat, go figure that one out.\" Zofia rolled her eyes, inheriting a bit of her mother's sarcasm. Geppetto soon sang to himself as he began to get Pinocchio ready with his finishing touches. \"And that one comic where Minnie got freaked out by a normal non-sentient mouse in her kitchen? That just raises even MORE questions!\" LJ added. Geppetto continued to paint while Figaro seemed to wander around, like the curious cat he was. \"Now, I just have the name for you! Pinocchio!\" he then looked to his cat. \"What do you think, Figaro?\" Figaro seemed to roll his eyes before shaking his head. \"You do, don't you, Cleo?\" Geppetto then asked his fish. The fish seemed to shake its head, agreeing with the cat. \"Well, we'll leave it to little Wooden Head. Do you like it?\" Geppetto then asked his puppet before making it nod its head 'yes' before cheering as he came to a music box with his new puppet. \"That settles it! Pinocchio it is! Come on, now, we'll try you out. Music, Professor!\" He then started up the music box, and a song began to play. \"A musical number?\" LJ asked. \"Well, at least there aren't any princesses in it.\" \"Little Wooden Head go play your part, bring a little joy to every heart, Little do you know and yet it's true, That I'm mighty proud of you~,\" Geppetto sang as he brought Pinocchio out on his strings to make him look like he was dancing. \"Little wooden feet and best of all, little wooden seat in case you fall. Oh-ho! How graceful! My little Wooden Head!~\" \"I feel like I can see a bug in there.\" Akito said, raising his hand. \"A bug?!\" Estelle gasped. \"Nah...that's a cricket! That's Jiminy, from the Christmas Party!\" Lionel commented. \"Let's not have a repeat of having an adventure in a bug's life.\" Cherry told Atticus. \"Okay.\" Atticus smiled sheepishly about that. \"Besides, Jiminy's kind of on the same mission as we are!\" LJ replied. \"Good thinking, my boy.\" Cherry approved. Jiminy soon saw Geppetto passing by and tried to blend in with the music box characters as he danced his string puppet around. \"Cleo, meet Pinocchio,\" Geppetto told his pet fish. \"Say 'how do you do?'.\" Cleo bubbled in reply. \"Say hello to Figaro.\" Geppetto smiled as he made his puppet pet the cat. Figaro smiled as that felt nice until he accidentally got kicked against his tail by the puppet. \"Oops! Up to mischief already,\" Geppetto chuckled from what had happened. \"You see what happens?\" Figaro angrily swiped at the puppet. The cat soon backed up as the puppet seemed to follow him. \"Boo!\" Geppetto chuckled as he teased his cat. \"You're a cute little fellow. And that smile? You know, I-\" Figaro mewed loudly and rubbed up against Geppetto to get his attention. \"Oh, what's this?\" Gepetto asked, lifting the cat by his scruff. \"I think Figaro might be jealous of you!\" He set them both down. \"Well, don't worry, I-\" but he was interrupted by the sound of a bell chiming in one of his clocks...as well as his other clocks, chiming at 9:00 PM. \"I wonder what time it is...\" Gepetto pondered, taking out his pocketwatch. \"It's getting late...\" Figaro yawned. \"Come now, we're going to bed.\" Geppeto spoke as he picked up the cat. Figaro smiled as he was collected. \"Good night, Pinocchio,\" Geppetto told his puppet. \"Little funny face.\" Jiminy seemed to yawn along with them as it was pretty late. \"Good night, my little water baby,\" Geppetto said as he tickled Cleo inside of her water bowl. \"Figaro, you say good night too.\" Figaro glared at Cleo, but reluctantly licked her bowl. Cleo cheerfully did a spin, and went into her castle. Jiminy folded up his jacket, took his hat off, and laid down. Gepetto went into his own bed, and Figaro had a small bed of his own. \"Look at him, Figaro-he almost looks alive,\" Gepetto chuckled. \"Wouldn't it be nice if he were a real boy? Oh, well...c'mon...we're going to sleep.\" He doused the candle and nestled into his covers to sleep. \"So, um, where are we gonna sleep?\" Vincent asked Atticus and Mo. \"We'll manage,\" Lionel replied. \"I'll probably build something really quickly with my powers.\" Then Gepetto realized...he'd forgotten to open the window. So Figaro made his way up to the windowsill and pushed it open. \"Figaro, look! The wishing star!\" Gepetto beamed. \"Starlight, star bright, first star I see tonight...I wish I may, I wish I might have the wish I make tonight. Figaro, you know what I wish? I wish that my little Pinocchio might be a real boy.\" Figaro looked over to Geppetto, a bit curiously as he yawned sleepily. \"Wouldn't that be nice?\" Geppetto smiled as he crawled back into bed with his cat. \"Just think! A real boy!\" \"A very lovely thought, but not at all practical.\" Jiminy commented as he decided to also get some sleep. \"A real boy...\" Geppetto smiled while petting Figaro, but soon stopped as he fell asleep. Figaro smiled and then decided to join Geppetto in his bed that night as they all began to fall asleep under the covers. Jiminy wasn't having much luck sleeping, since the clicking of the clocks was keeping him awake...not to mention Gepetto's snoring. \"QUIET!\" Jiminy shouted, and the clocks stopped clicking. \"After all, enough's enough.\" and he resumed sleeping...until he saw an odd blue light entering the room. \"Now what's up?\" Suddenly, the light formed into a blonde woman in a blue dress with wings. \"As I live and breathe... a fairy!\" Jiminy gasped in shock. \"She's beautiful...\" Estelle smiled about the blue fairy. LJ shrugged. \"I guess so.\" \"She's like the fairies that Tommy and Tammy read about.\" Estelle smiled. \"Good Geppetto, you have given so much happiness to others,\" The Blue Fairy told the sleeping toy maker. \"You deserve to have your wish come true.\" Geppetto didn't answer her as he just kept sleeping. She stood over Pinocchio. \"Little puppet made of pine...wake. The gift of life is thine.\" she announced tapping him with her wand. Pinocchio blinked as his strings vanished, and he rubbed his eyes. \"I can move...I can talk...I can walk!\" he gasped. \"Thanks for the analysis, Captain Obvious...\" LJ replied under his breath. \"He sounds like you when he talks like that.\" Atticus told his best friend. \"Hm.\" Cherry smirked to that. \"I guess it's hereditary.\" Lionel smirked. \"Yes, Pinocchio, I've given you life.\" The Blue Fairy told the boy. \"Why?\" Pinocchio asked. \"Because tonight, Geppetto wished for a real boy.\" The Blue Fairy informed. \"Am I a real boy?\" Pinocchio then asked. \"No, Pinocchio. To make Geppetto's wish come true will be entirely up to you.\" \"Up to me?\" \"Prove yourself brave, truthful and unselfish, and someday you will be a real boy.\" \"A real boy!\" \"I'm sure we can trust you kids to help him out during this adventure?\" Mo prompted. \"Yes, Mom!\" Akito, Estelle, and Vincent smiled. \"You bet we can!\" LJ nodded. \"Right, sis?\" \"Sure thing,\" Zofia replied. \"How hard can it be?\" \"I'm sure you kids can handle it,\" Atticus smiled. \"Besides, it would be nice if Pinocchio had some friends to help him out.\" \"Yeah, keep him on the path, watch his back and whatnot!\" Lionel added. \"We will!\" The kids promised the adults. \"Very good.\" Cherry approved to them. \"That won't be easy.\" Jiminy said to the Blue Fairy. \"You must learn to choose between right and wrong.\" The Blue Fairy told Pinocchio in a maternal voice. \"Right and wrong? But how will I know?\" Pinocchio asked. \"How will he know?\" Jiminy echoed. \"Your conscience will tell you.\" The Blue Fairy smiled. \"What are conscience?\" Pinocchio asked. \"A conscience is that still, small voice that people won't listen to,\" Jiminy explained. \"That's just the trouble with the world today.\" Pinocchio blinked. \"Are you my conscience?\" he asked. \"Who, me?\" Jiminy blinked. The Blue Fairy giggled to this before smiling to the cricket. \"Would you like to be Pinocchio's conscience?\" Jiminy blushed and babbled sheepishly. \"Pretty sure that was Roger Rabbit meeting Jessica for the first time...\" Cherry commented. \"Or anyone meeting Holli Would.\" \"Having seen Cool World a few times, I can say you're right on that,\" Lionel nodded. \"C'mon, stop gibbering like an idiot and SAY SOMETHING!\" LJ grumbled. \"Geez, I wonder if it was like this when Dad met Mom...\" \"Yes.\" Cherry smirked while her husband looked bashful. \"That's how Vincent was when he first met Jenny Foxworth.\" Akito smirked. \"Hey!\" Vincent pouted while blushing as he glanced to his younger brother. \"Uh-huh.\" Jiminy nodded bashfully to the fairy. \"Very well,\" The Blue Fairy smiled. \"What is your name?\" \"Oh, uh, Cricket's the name,\" Jiminy smiled back as he tipped his hat to her. \"Jiminy Cricket!\" \"Who the heck's Jenny Foxworth?\" asked LJ. \"Kneel, Mr. Cricket,\" The Blue Fairy explained, tapping his shoulders with her wand. \" I dub you Pinocchio's conscience, Lord High Keeper of the knowledge of right and wrong, counselor in moments of temptation, and guide along the straight and narrow path. Arise, Sir Jiminy Cricket.\" \"My pen pal,\" Estelle told LJ. \"She lives in New York City with her poodle Georgette and kitten, Oliver.\" \"She's also Vincent's girlfriend.\" Akito added. \"Yeah... She kind of is.\" Vincent admitted while blushing. LJ rolled his eyes, annoyed. \"Lucky stiff...\" he grumbled. \"Now, now, don't rush these things, your time will come soon.\" Akito told him. \"Yeah, I guess...\" LJ replied. \"Say, that's pretty swell,\" Jiminy smiled to his little makeover. \"Gee... Thanks, but, uh, don't I get a badge or something?\" \"Well, we'll see.\" The Blue Fairy replied. \"You mean maybe I will?\" \"I shouldn't wonder.\" \"Make it a gold one?\" \"Maybe, now, remember, Pinocchio, be a good boy, and always let your conscience be your guide.\" The Blue Fairy advised Pinocchio before she soon left. \"Goodbye, milady. Goodbye!\" Jiminy waved. \"Not bad, says I. Oh, yeah. Almost forgot about you. Well, Pinoke...maybe you and I had better have a little heart-to-heart talk.\" he decided. \"Why?\" asked Pinocchio. \"Well, you wanna be a real boy, don't you?\" Jiminy replied, and Pinocchio nodded. \"Now, you see, the world is full of temptations.\" he explained. \"Temptations?\" asked Pinocchio. \"Yep... Temptations. They're the wrong things that seem right at the time. But even though the right things may seem wrong sometimes, sometimes the...the wrong things may be right at the wrong time or vice versa. Understand?\" Pinocchio shook his head. \"But I'm gonna do right!\" \"And we'll help you.\" Akito and Estelle added to that in unison as they were twins. \"Atta boy, Pinoke. And I'm gonna help you, and anytime you need me, you know, just whistle like this.\" Jiminy smiled to the puppet boy before demonstrating a whistle. \"Like this?\" asked Pinocchio, trying and failing to whistle. \"Yeah, that's what happens when I try to whistle.\" Cherry commented. \"No, no,\" Jiminy replied. \"Try it again, Pinoke.\" \"Like this?\" Pinocchio tried again, only to blow out air. \"No, son, now listen.\" Jiminy told him before whistling himself. So Pinocchio tried...and succeeded that time! \"Now you're getting it!\" LJ beamed. \"That's it! Come on now, let's sing it!\" Jiminy smiled to Pinocchio. \"Oh, no.\" Cherry muttered about a song. \"Don't worry, I'll just fast-forward through it!\" Lionel replied \"Fair enough.\" Cherry approved. \"Classic Cherry.\" Atticus commented.[Chapter 3] Eventually, there was a clattering heard which woke Geppetto up instantly. \"Who is there?!\" The toy maker demanded. \"It's me!\" Pinocchio piped up. \"Bet he freaks out.\" LJ commented. \"Oh... It's me...\" Geppetto muttered as he came to go back to sleep before overreacting. \"Huh?!\" \"Good one.\" Zofia smirked to her brother. \"Called it.\" LJ smirked. \"Shh, Figaro. There's somebody in here,\" Geppetto told his cat as he lit his candle and held out a gun in case it was a robber. Figaro let out a small mew. \"Shh! Be careful now, Figaro,\" Geppetto whispered to his cat as they looked around. \"He might spring out on us at any time. He's in here somewhere.\" Jiminy looked like he was trying not to laugh. \"Here I am!\" Pinocchio smiled as he poked Figaro which scared the cat up Geppetto's night shirt. \"And so, the plot advances...\" LJ commented. \"I think we should skip to the next morning to really get the ball rolling...\" Lionel decided. \"Good idea, Lionel, let's have at it then.\" Atticus agreed. The next morning then came in the village and it seemed to be a happy day so far. \"All right, kids, I know you're used to being home-schooled, but think of this as an adventure with your new friend,\" Mo smiled to her kids. \"After all, you loved going to Royal Prep with Sofia, James, and Amber.\" \"Alright, let's quit yapping, and get to snapping!\" LJ replied. \"Oh... Sorry, Auntie Mo.\" \"Hm... Quite...\" Mo said to that. \"Anyway, best behavior, all of you.\" \"We will, Mom/Aunt Mo.\" The kids replied. \"Alright, team, let's go-go-go!\" LJ announced triumphantly. \"And so my first test begins...\" \"Have a good day, kids!\" Mo beamed. \"Okay, bye, Mom!\" Estelle smiled. \"Bye, Daddy!\" \"Bye, Princess!\" Atticus smiled back to his daughter. \"Take care, kiddos!\" Lionel waved. \"You got it, Dad-o-mine!\" LJ replied. The kids then walked off to go and join the other children in the village to school. \"Oh, look, Father! Look!\" Pinocchio beamed. \"Oh, stand still now.\" Geppetto told his son, trying to give him something. \"What are those?\" Pinocchio smiled and pointed to the kids. \"Huh? Oh, those. They are your schoolmates,\" Geppetto replied, putting him in a vest. \"Girls and boys. Uh, n-now, get in.\" Pinocchio put on his vest, and Gepetto gave him an apple for the teacher, and his schoolbook. And so, Pinocchio went on his merry way, skipping along to school. \"Let's follow him and make sure he gets there.\" LJ suggested. The kids then went to follow Pinocchio. \"Hey, there.\" Akito smiled. \"Huh?\" Pinocchio blinked and looked over. \"Who are you?\" \"Well, I'm...Lionel Jr, and these are my friends,\" LJ introduced. \"We're also going to school, so we thought we'd accompany you!\" \"Yeah, let's go!\" Vincent added. \"All right!\" Pinocchio smiled as he came to join his new friends to school. And so, they continued on, passing by a cat and a fox. \"Ah, Gideon, listen. The merry laughter of little innocent children wending their way to school,\" The fox smirked to the cat. \"Thirsty little minds rushing to the fountain of knowledge. What would this stupid world be without-\" he then stopped as he saw a poster while lighting his cigar. \"Well, well, well! Stromboli! So that old rascal's back in town, eh?\" he then chuckled. \"Remember, Gideon, the time I tied strings on you and passed you off as a puppet? We nearly put one over on that old gypsy that time.\" As they passed by the fox and the cat, the fox commented, \"A little wooden boy, hehehe...A LITTLE WOODEN BOY!\" Quickly, he and Gideon rushed to see the children as they headed to school. The kids continued to walk along together to school. \"I just know I'm going to be one of the smartest students in school,\" Zofia smirked. \"I can speak Latin.\" \"Yeah, whatever.\" LJ rolled his eyes. \"My twin siblings show off sometimes too.\" Vincent whispered to LJ. \"Ugh, that's gotta be annoying as all get-out,\" LJ replied. \"Believe me, I know...\" The fox soon let out his cane which caused Pinocchio to trip. \"Oh! Pinocchio, are you all right?\" Estelle asked. \"I think so.\" Pinocchio replied as he fell on his stomach, dropping his book and his apple. \"Hey, what's the big idea?\" LJ snapped. \"Oh! Oh, how clumsy of me,\" The fox spoke. \"Oh, my, my, my, my. Oh, I'm terribly sorry. Oh, I do hope you're not injured.\" \"I'm all right.\" Pinocchio replied. \"Yeah, whatever. What's your business here?\" LJ questioned. \"Yeah, um, if you don't mind, we gotta get going to school.\" Akito added. \"School. Ah, yes,\" The fox replied. \"Then you haven't heard of the easy road to success.\" \"Uh-uh.\" Pinocchio shook his head. \"No?\" The fox replied. \"I'm speaking, my boy, of the theater. Here's your apple.\" \"Gee, thanks.\" Zofia deadpanned as the apple was a core now. \"Well, sorry, bubs, but we need to get to school!\" LJ retorted. \"Bright lights, music, applause, fame!\" The fox continued. \"Pass.\" Akito and Estelle replied. \"Fame...?\" Pinocchio asked. \"Yes! And with that personality, that profile, that physique, why, he's a natural born actor, eh, Giddy?\" The fox beamed. \"Hard pass, pal,\" LJ replied. \"We got school, so we're going!\" \"Straight to the top. Why, I can see your name in lights, lights six feet high,\" The fox continued as he seemed interested in Pinocchio. \"Uh... What is your name?\" \"Pinocchio.\" The puppet boy replied. \"Pinocchio! P-I-N... Eh, uh... U-O... Eh, P-I... Eh...\" The fox tried to spell that name, but struggled and changed the subject. \"We're wasting precious time. Come, on to the theater.\" \"I don't think so.\" Akito replied, holding Pinocchio back with his god-like strength. \"Yeah! Did you not hear we have school to go to?\" LJ added. \"Aki's right!\" \"Yeah, so if you don't mind, please quia beat!\" Zofia helped. \"That means 'beat it' in Latin.\" \"What if I made you all famous too?\" The fox smirked to the other kids. \"Take your fame and shove it in your back end!\" LJ scoffed. \"We're not going anywhere.\" Estelle added. Pinocchio frowned. \"Aw, but guys, it sounds like fun!\" \"Well, there's a time for fun and a time to get things done!\" LJ replied. \"And what we need to get done is going to school!\" \"So... Bye!\" Vincent said before running with the others with Pinocchio to get away from the fox and the cat. \"The nerve of some foxes,\" Estelle muttered. \"At least Nick Wilde taught us that they're not all bad, but that one definitely is.\" \"Yeah! What's he think we are-stupid?\" LJ added. \"Now, Pinocchio, it's time to learn.\" Akito smiled. \"I hope you're ready,\" Estelle added. \"We love learning from our friend Tech.\" \"That's another long story!\" LJ replied. \"But shouldn't we go through with the original film storyline?\" \"And let that fox get away with Pinocchio?\" Vincent replied back. \"Who's gonna know?\" \"Of course not! We'd go after him, naturally!\" LJ replied. \"Alright...I figure we can let things play out once we meet with Lampwick later on...\" Akito and Estelle shrugged and soon came back. \"What changed your mind?\" The fox smirked. \"Never mind that now, just no monkey business, Fox.\" Zofia replied. \"The name is Honest John.\" The fox clarified. \"Yeah, and I bet his name is bogus, too.\" LJ snorted. \"You all are rather smart, come with me.\" Honest John told them. They soon followed the cat and fox as they looked excited, though mostly about Pinocchio than the other kids. \"By the way, shouldn't Jiminy be around here somewhere?\" Zofia wondered. \"He's probably tagging behind...\" LJ replied. \"Typical,\" Zofia rolled her eyes. \"Just like you when the call to the adventure rings on the telephone.\" \"THAT is for completely different reasons!\" LJ retorted. \"I answer...I just make sure to duck first. Besides, I prefer to approach situations rationally, instead of just charging in headfirst!\" \"What am I going to do with you?\" Zofia simply sighed to her brother. \"Maybe think before just going in wildly?\" LJ retorted. \"And it wouldn't kill you to NOT be a showoff for once...\" \"Who's showing off?\" Zofia replied. \"I'm just giving helpful criticism as your favorite sister.\" \"Oh, really? We all KNOW you're brave and know Latin! We don't need you talking about it so blasted often!\" LJ griped. \"Hey, hey, no fighting, we're not here to have arguments, we're here to help Pinocchio.\" Akito reminded the Schwartz siblings. \"Yeah, alright.\" LJ sighed. \"The arguments are merely a sideline activity! And as long as Zo can stop being a know-it-all, things should go smoothly!\" he added. Zofia just stuck her tongue out slightly to that. And so they followed after Pinocchio, and the cat and fox. \"Oh, and sticking out your tongue? Geez, sis, what are you, 5?\" LJ snorted. \"I thought you were 'mature'.\" Zofia just gave him a look as they went after Pinocchio along with the fox named Honest John and the cat named Gideon.[Chapter 4] Gideon spotted Jiminy on top of John's hat, and tried to hit him with a mallet...and hit Honeat John instead, much to the amusement of LJ. \"Jiminy?\" Akito asked between his own laughter. Then Jiminy whistled next to a flower, while John was trying to dislodge his hat from his head. \"Remember what I said about temptation? Well, that's him,\" Jiminy explained, pointing to Honest John. \"Who, him? No, that's Honest John!\" Pinocchio replied. \"A most ridiculous name, might I add.\" LJ added. \"Honest John from An American Tail was more trustworthy than this fox.\" Zofia muttered slightly. \"And that's saying a lot, considering he was a bad guy too!\" LJ added. Gideon soon began to try and help out Honest John. \" GET ME OUT OF HERE! \" The fox shouted at his cat friend. Gideon panicked, not sure what to do and soon used the fox's cane to help him out with his hat. And then...he smacked him with the mallet to send him flying out of the hat and into a tree. \"Now, tell them you've got to go, but thank you anyway.\" Jiminy explained. He then hid in the pitcher plant. \"Yes, you really should, Pinocchio.\" Akito agreed with the cricket. \"Yoo-hoo? Oh, little girls and boys?\" Honest John called out before seeing them. \"Oh, there you are! Now, where were we? Ah, yes, on to the theater!\" Jiminy smiled as he waited to hear Pinocchio take his advice, but, that didn't seem to happen. \"Goodbye, Jiminy!\" Pinocchio told his conscience. \"And I guess he's not listening...\" LJ sighed. \"This kid, I swear. He's made of wood, but his head is hard as stone.\" \"Guess we'd better go after him.\" Zofia added. \"We might as well,\" Akito sighed. \"I wonder if Princess Celestia's had these problems.\" \"I don't know, and not sure if I should care yet,\" LJ replied. \"Maybe...if I complete THIS adventure, I'll be able to train with someone who knows how to be REALLY brave and tough, like...like...\" \"Superman?\" Akito asked. \"Wonder Woman?\" Estelle asked. \"Bob Ross?\" Vincent asked. \"For one, Bob Ross has been dead for years, Vincey-boy,\" LJ retorted. \"And I was talking about the 2002 version of He-Man! The guy has to be plenty brave taking on Skeletor and his evil warriors!\" \"Yeah, He-Man's pretty cool from what we hear from Dad's stories.\" Akito smiled to LJ. \"The coolest AND toughest! And maybe I could train with him...or even Teela!\" LJ beamed. \"Maybe someday,\" Akito replied. \"We used to train with a superhero group in the future in a city-planet called Acmetropolis.\" \"And that's when we met the Loonatics!\" Estelle beamed. \"They're the descendants of the Looney Tunes.\" \"I think Mom said they were like a cross between the Looney Tunes and Teen Titans.\" Zofia replied. \"That sounds...actually kinda cool,\" LJ replied as they went along with Pinocchio. \"Like something that had major potential, but was taken down before its time.\" \"I guess you could say that,\" Akito frowned. \"It was tough to leave, but I'm just glad that Zadavia and Optimatus can be friends again.\" \"I suppose,\" LJ replied...before seeing a nearby sign. \"Strom-boli...? Sounds like some crazy dish; I am kinda hungry...\" \"I better keep an eye on him.\" Akito said, rolling up his sleeves and flexing his arms. \"You'll love Mr. Stromboli.\" Honest John smirked to the kids. \"Yeah, yeah, I'm sure.\" LJ snorted. \"Probably as much as I'd love a kid who abuses toys.\" Zofia muttered to herself. \"Who do we have here?\" Stromboli asked as he saw the kids. \"Amazing and talented children.\" Honest John told the man. \"Yeah, the best of the best, y'see?\" LJ added. Gideon nodded stupidly. \"I see... How wonderful you all seem, especially you.\" Stromboli replied as he took a long look at Pinocchio. \"Um... Thanks,\" LJ replied. \"Zo, something stinks around here, and it's not the B.O.!\" \"I know we tend to disagree a lot, but I think you might be right.\" Zofia replied to her brother. \"And considering how much we disagree, that says something.\" LJ replied. \"We better do some detective work...\" Zofia said before taking out her Detective Barbie case and putting on a hat. \"Just call me 'Shirley Holmes'.\" \"Clever...and I suppose I'm Duke Watson.\" LJ added. \"Heeey... I'm the detective here!\" Akito pouted. \"My dad's a detective and his cousin is Jimmy Kudo!\" \"Yes, well, you can follow my footsteps as I follow the footsteps of one of my own role models: The Adventures of Shirley Holmes, the great-grandniece of Sherlock Holmes.\" Zofia retorted. \"Alright...\" LJ replied. Later, Stromboli proceeded to introduce the paying crowd to Pinocchio, the only puppet without strings. Needless to say, the audience loved it. Jiminy was eventually coming over to hopefully come and save Pinocchio before something really bad would happen. \"Oh, Geppetto must be worried sick at home with our parents.\" Estelle frowned. \"Relax, Sis, I'm sure Dad's figured it out by now what we're doing.\" Akito replied to his twin sister. \"And besides, if our folks didn't have faith in our abilities, then we wouldn't be on this mission!\" LJ replied. \"I just hope Mom doesn't worry herself sick.\" Estelle then said. \"I'm sure Dad can keep her good and comforting company.\" Akito soothed. \"Yeah, alright.\" LJ replied. Later, the show ended, and Stromboli was counting up the profits. Pinocchio sat with him as he looked excited about his very first show performance. \"Bravo, Pinocchio!\" Stromboli smiled. \"They like me!\" Pinocchio smiled back. \"You were phenomenal!\" Stromboli exclaimed, counting the profits. \"Does that mean I was good?\" Pinocchio asked. \"Of course!\" Stromboli replied. The kids started to sneak around, using some magic to disguise themselves as butterflies as they secretly watched Stromboli and Pinocchio. \"I will put you in the public's eye!\" Stromboli continued, sorting through the money until he found a counterfeit coin, which he gave to Pinocchio. \"Oh, wow! I can't wait to run home and tell my father!\" Pinocchio beamed. At this, Stromboli spat out his wine. At this, he began to laugh, and Pinocchio, not understanding, laughed too. But he stopped laughing when Stromboli threw him into a cage and locked it up. \"There! THIS will be your home now!\" he boomed. \"No! No! No!\" Pinocchio cried out. \"Yes, yes, YES! We shall tour the world-Paris, London, Monte Carlo, Constantinople!\" Stromboli retorted. \"You will make LOTS of money for me...and when you are growing too old...\" he picked up a hatchet. \"You will make good FIREWOOD! \" he laughed, tossing the hatchet at a discarded puppet nearby. \"Well, sis, looks like we were right: that Stromboli is bad as bad can be!\" LJ exclaimed. \"As soon as he leaves, we'll help Pinocchio.\" Zofia told her brother as a plan. Pinocchio begged to be let out only to be yelled at from Stromboli before he left into the rain that night. \"Good night, my little wooden gold mine.\" Stromboli chuckled darkly, leaving the boy alone in his new cage. \"No! No, let me out!\" Pinocchio cried out. \"I'll tell my father and new friends!\" But Stromboli had started his coach, and they were on their way to another town. \"Well, we're gonna need to act fast!\" LJ replied. \"Come on then!\" Zofia replied. Akito soon cracked his knuckles and walked swiftly as he came to open the cage by bending the bars since he was strong like Hercules like Atticus was. \"Alright, Pinocchio, let's get outta here, pronto!\" LJ replied, pulling the puppet free. \"Where'd you guys come from?\" Pinocchio asked. \"You don't wanna know...\" Zofia darted her eyes mysteriously. \"I'm sorry about this, guys,\" Pinocchio frowned. \"I sure do miss my father though.\" \"Well, you can make it up by coming with us!\" LJ replied as they hopped out of the coach. \"Oh, man, my hair's gonna get messed up.\" Zofia pouted as she hiked up her hood over her hair. \"Your hair is the least of our problems right now.\" Akito deadpanned. \"Yeah! Let's get Pinocchio back home!\" LJ suggested. And on the way back, they once again passed by Honest John and Gideon, and LJ didn't hesitate to glare angrily in their direction. \"What are those guys up to now?\" Akito also glared. \"No good, I bet.\" LJ replied. \"Hello there!\" Honest John beamed. \"And how is the great actor?\" \"I don't wanna be an actor anymore!\" Pinocchio replied. \"WHAT?!\" Honest John glared. \"We're outta here, and you're not stopping us, so keep your dirty hands to yourself, you filthy fox!\" Vincent glared back. \"What Vince said!\" LJ replied. \"That Stromboli was a mean old slimeball! He locked us in a cage and said he was gonna chop Pinocchio to bits!\" \"Oh, no! I had no idea!\" Honest John replied, though that seemed to be a lie. \"Oh, I'm sure you didn't know...\" LJ snorted. \"You must be SO shaken up from that awful experience...\" Honest John replied. \"What you need is a vacation-on Pleasure Island!\" he winked at Gideon, who chuckled. \"Pleasure Island?\" asked Pinocchio. \"That sounds nice, but I'm not sure if I wanna risk it.\" Zofia muttered. \"Yes, the happy land of carefree girls and boys!\" Honest John smiled with Gideon told them. \"Where every day is a holiday!\" \"But we can't go, we-\" Pinocchio replied. \"Why of course you can all go!\" Honest John smiled. \"You can all share my ticket!\" he then brought out a playing card which was the Ace of Spades. \"Hey, that's no ticket, that's a playing card!\" LJ retorted. \"Details, details!\" Honest John replied, picking them all up and heading to the docks. \"The boat leaves by midnight! No time to waste!\" he advised. \"I'm never trusting another fox for as long as I live!\" Zofia complained. \"Other than Miles Prower, I agree with you!\" LJ nodded. Soon, they found themselves riding on a stagecoach next to a boy named Lampwick. \"Hey there, sweetheart.\" Lampwick smirked to Zofia. \"Oh... Hello, there.\" Zofia blinked. LJ growled under his breath. \"Hey there, bud. Name's...eh, Duke. This here's my sister.\" \"Ah, good to meet ya,\" Lampwick smirked. \"You guys just stick with me.\" \"Sure, we'll keep that in mind.\" LJ replied. Eventually, they arrived at a boat that would take them to Pleasure Island. \"So, you're Duke, huh? Who's your sister then?\" Lampwick asked. \"I'm... Gazlene...\" Zofia said. \"Call me 'Gaz'.\" \"Yeah, Gaz,\" LJ nodded. \"And those are our pals, Jenny, Ryan, Eliza, and Dennis.\" Lampwick nodded. \"Why are we using aliases?\" Estelle whispered to LJ and Zofia. \"Because I don't trust anyone here!\" LJ replied[Chapter 5] Eventually, they arrived on Pleasure Island. There were rides, food stands, cigar kiosks, roughhouse tents, and many other events. They looked around once they stumbled into their new surroundings. \"Ever been to Pleasure Island?\" Lampwick smirked. \"Uh-uh, but Mr. Honest John gave us-\" Pinocchio began to explain. \"Me neither, but they say it's a swell joint!\" Lampwick told them. \"No school, no cops. You can tear the joint apart, and nobody says a word.\" \"Sounds like anarchy,\" LJ replied. \"Like fun, ya mean!\" Lampwick replied. \"They even got a model home, that we all get to destroy!\" The others looked to each other as they were soon headed for their new home of Pleasure Island. All around, boys were wreaking havoc and running wild, for the fun of it. \"What'd I tell ya?\" asked Lampwick, lighting his cigar. \"This place is a hoot!\" \"Yeah, bein' bad's a lotta fun!\" Pinocchio beamed. \"See that stained-glass window?\" Lampwick asked. He took a brick and threw it, smashing the window to bits. The others gasped a bit to that because they would never dare do such a thing. Zofia even seemed to faint like a melodramatic theater actress. LJ quickly caught her before she hit the ground. \"Yoink!\" he chimed. \"All right now, hop to it, you blokes. Come on, come on! Shut the doors and lock 'em tight,\" The coachman told the people at the door, cracking his whip. \"Give a bad boy enough rope and he'll soon make a jackass of himself.\" He then added with a wicked laughter. Meanwhile, Jiminy was wandering around, looking for Pinocchio and the others, but didn't have much luck. He eventually found them inside the pool hall, with Pinocchio smoking a cigar, Lampwick playing pool, and LJ chugging a beer. \"Where d'you suppose all the kids went to, Lampwick?\" Pinocchio asked his new friend. \"Ah, they're around here somewheres,\" Lampwick replied. \"What do you care? You're having a good time, ain't ya?\" \"Uh-huh, I sure am.\" Pinocchio stated. \"As good a time as one can have.\" LJ shrugged, slurping down the beverage. \"I'm fine over here.\" Akito smiled as he lifted his own weights, just like his father used to whenever he wasn't reading books. Pinocchio took a few light drags on his cigar. \"Ah, ya smoke like me grandmother.\" Lampwick sneered. \"Take a big, long drag!\" He inhaled for a while, then puffed. Pinocchio did the same...but instead of puffing, he swallowed, and his face turned green with nausea. He struggled to get up on the pool table and take his shot when Jiminy came running in. Akito looked sick himself about the smoke and alcohol, but didn't say anything. \"Some fun, huh, kid?\" Lampwick smirked. Pinocchio nodded, though a bit sickly. \"Okay, Slats, your shot.\" Lampwick told him. Before Pinocchio could take his shot, Jiminy shouted out, \"PINOCCHIO!\", making him miss. \"So THIS is where I find you all...smoking...drinking...playing POOL!\" he exclaimed. \"How'dya ever expect to be a REAL boy at this rate? You're all coming home with me this instant!\" \"Hey...who's the beetle?\" asked Lampwick, picking Jiminy up by his jacket. \"That's my conscience! He tells me what's right and wrong!\" Pinocchio explained. \"Ya mean you take orders from this grasshopper?\" Lampwick scoffed, dropping Jiminy. \"Now see here! It wouldn't do you any harm to take advice from your conscience-if you even HAVE one!\" Jiminy fumed. \"Uh, yeah, Lampwick, that's our conscience.\" Akito told the redheaded boy. \"Yeah, yeah, screwball, corner pocket,\" Lampwick sneered, hitting Jiminy with a cueball and laughing. Jiminy recovered and put up his dukes. \"Why, you little hoodlum! I'll knock your block off!\" he snapped. \"Lampwick, no!\" Akito firmly frowned. \"Oh, don't hurt him, Jiminy,\" Pinocchio smiled as he held the cricket back. \"He's my best friend!\" \"Your best friend?!\" Jiminy chuffed in disbelief. \"And what am I? Just your conscience?!\" \"Oh, Jiminy, don't get mad.\" Akito frowned to the cricket. \"No...I'm done. You buttered your bread, now sleep in it,\" Jiminy snapped, grabbing his hat. \"Go ahead, make jackasses of yourselves-see if I care!\" And he stormed off. \"Sheesh, that got dark.\" Akito commented. Jiminy ended up in one of the pool table holes as he up and left them out of frustration. \"But, Jiminy, Lampwick says a guy only lives once.\" Pinocchio told the cricket. \"Lampwick. Hmph!\" Jiminy huffed as he stormed off. Lampwick snorted. \"Heh...the way that beetle talked...you'd think something was gonna happen to us.\" and he took a swig of his beer...and sprouted a pair of donkey ears, along with LJ. \"I dunno... Jiminy seemed pretty steamed...\" LJ replied. Akito's eyes slightly widened as Lampwick began to transform. Pinocchio soon put down his cigar as he felt like he was seeing things. \"'How do you ever expect to be a real boy'?\" Lampwick mocked with a laugh. \"What's he think I look like, a jackass?\" \"You sure do!\" Pinocchio pointed and laughed before braying like a donkey. \"Hey! You laugh like a donkey!\" Lampwick laughed at him before braying himself and putting his hands to his mouth. \"Did that come outta me?!\" \"No kidding!\" LJ cackled, before he let out a bray of his own. \"Whoa! Okay, I'm freaking out now...\" he shivered. \"Okay, okay, guys, just calm down, I'm sure there's a reason for this...\" Akito chuckled nervously before he soon brayed which made him gulp. \"Oh, man!\" \"Waitaminute...how come nothing's happened to you?\" LJ asked the girls. \"Don't make me come into the light,\" Zofia said as she hid in the shadows. \"I'm hideous!\" \"Quit the baloney and get outta there!\" LJ snapped. \"I can't!\" Zofia replied. Estelle soon took Zofia's hand and walked out with her as they had also been transformed into donkeys. \"This is not good,\" Vincent frowned. \"This is not good at all.\" Lampwick felt his face...and his new ears. \"What's going on?\" He ran to a nearby mirror and gasped in horror. \"AAAAAAGH! Ya gotta help me! I been double-crossed! Ya gotta help me...be a pal! Call that beetle...call anybody!\" Lampwick whimpered as his hands became hooves. \"MAMA! MAMA! \" he howled as he fully turned into a donkey, and began braying wildly, kicking about and running off. \"What is happening...?\" Zofia groaned. \"I don't feel so good.\" \"Sis... Sis, ya gotta hold on,\" LJ sniffed. \"I can't lose ya, I just can't!\" \"Oh, Lionel, I'm sorry I've been so crude to you, I just wanted you to have some fun and not be a stick in the mud.\" Zofia frowned to him. \"I KNOW, sis, I know! And even though I didn't show it, I always appreciated it!\" LJ replied. \"Oh, LJ... I won't forget these times together...\" Zofia said, touching his face. \"Especially whenever Mom and Dad had Great-Aunt Selina watching us whenever they had to go out of town.\" \"Yeah...and there's gonna be lots more, cuz I'm gonna help you turn back!\" LJ vowed. \"You'd do that for me, even after a pain in the butt I've been?\" Zofia asked her brother. \"You better believe I would!\" LJ retorted. \"Because family sticks together. And brave heroes don't leave their families stuck as donkeys.\" \"A family of freaks is better than no family at all.\" Zofia smiled to him softly. \"Damn right it is.\" LJ nodded. Zofia smiled as she soon stood up perfectly fine. \"Drama Queen.\" LJ muttered. \"Over actor.\" Zofia retorted. \"No arguing now.\" Akito told the siblings. \"Let's just go and change you back already.\" LJ sighed, rolling his eyes annoyedly. \"Please,\" Zofia agreed. \"How am I ever going to preform on Broadway if I have donkey ears and a tail?\" \"Alright already. Guess all that stuff you said back there was just acting, too.\" LJ scoffed gruffly. \"Not really...\" Zofia admitted. \"I really meant it.\" LJ smirked darkly. \"Great... Otherwise I might've considered letting you stay this way.\" \"Come on, let's go then.\" Zofia told him. The kids then went off together to get themselves back to normal otherwise they might be stuck as donkeys forever which wasn't fun for anybody. After LJ managed to use some of his power to change them back to normal, they all dived into the ocean below. Once in the ocean, Akito, Estelle, and Vincent's legs glowed, and they became tail fins, colored red, pink, and green. LJ sighed, rolling his eyes. \"Don't know, don't care.\" he stated. \"Excuse you?\" Akito glared slightly. \"I know there's some kind of crazy explanation behind that, but at this point it's the least of our problems. Sorry if I offended anyone.\" LJ explained. \"Hm...\" Akito hummed sharply, but didn't let it bother him. \"And by this point, it probably has something to do with a previous adventure of yours, amirite?\" LJ asked. \"Then for the time being, that's all we need to know!\" \"Actually, it runs in the family.\" Akito clarified. \"Oh.\" LJ replied. \"Queen Athena was our great-aunt.\" Estelle told LJ and Zofia about her and her brothers. \"That explains the mermaid DNA...\" LJ realized. \"Yes, she was our father's favorite aunt...\" Estelle sighed softly. \"I wish we could've met her.\" \"Oh, me too, kiddo, but Ariel is a lot like her, and we can visit her and Melody.\" Vincent comforted. \"Another adventure...\" LJ sighed, swimming faster. \"It might be fun, even.\" he commented. Eventually, after several hours, they reached dry land and dried themselves off.[Chapter 6] \"Jiminy, you still there?\" asked LJ, checking Pinocchio's tail and finding the cricket hanging off. \"Y-Yeah...great to be back on dry land...\" Jiminy coughed, shaking off the water. \"Now let's get home!\" And so, they dashed off into town and towards Gepetto's workshop. \"I hope Mom and Dad aren't too worried.\" Estelle said. \"Mom, probably, but Dad should be alright.\" Akito replied. And they knocked on the door, which creaked open...and Lionel poked his head out. \"Waitasecond...kids? Where the blazes have ya been?\" he asked, amazed. \"What happened to ya?\" \"We kinda got caught up in a big adventure, Dad.\" LJ replied. \"So I see,\" Lionel replied. \"Well, your mother, Uncle Atticus, Aunt Mo, and Gepetto went out to look for you all.\" \"Oh, my... We didn't worry them, did we?\" Zofia asked. \"Your mother insisted she wasn't worried, but I think she was a little.\" Lionel replied. \"Well, then... We have to go out and find them!\" LJ insisted. \"Mom IS part vampire, so she might get a little hectic out there...\" \"That's what I was afraid of.\" Lionel nodded about his children's mother. \"So...if she's part vampire...then what's that make us?\" asked LJ. \"To be honest...I don't know...\" Lionel replied. LJ and Zofia looked to each other. \"Come on then, we better go.\" Lionel said. \"All right, Uncle Lionel, we'll help out too.\" Akito said to him. \"Then let's go! We got no time to lose!\" Lionel replied, as he dashed outside, and the kids followed behind. \"I hope Mom and Dad aren't too far,\" Vincent said. \"Mom grew up on the streets though.\" \"That's gotta be rough, Vince,\" LJ replied. \"But at least things improved. So... What's next for us after this escapade?\" \"You mean once we bring Pinocchio and Geppetto back together?\" Estelle asked. \"Well, yeah...I mean, this is my first mission in general, so I was wondering what our next mission would be,\" LJ replied. \"Maybe, just maybe, I've grown accustomed to adventuring with you lot, and I figure it'd be pretty cool going on another one with ya.\" \"Well, it's nice that you feel that way, LJ,\" Estelle smiled before thinking. \"Hmm... What if we met the Grinch in time for Christmas?\" she then suggested. LJ thought. \"Well... Okay!\" he nodded. \"Sounds like fun!\" \"It's a deal then,\" Estelle smiled to LJ. \"It'll be fun.\" \"How would we get there though?\" Zofia wondered. \"We'll worry about that later, right now, we gotta help Pinocchio and Geppetto.\" Akito said. LJ shook his head. \"Right then, let's get to swimming!\" he realized, and he leapt into the ocean once again. \"Okay... Maybe I'm kinda tired...\" he panted. \"Oh, LJ... I worry about you sometimes.\" Zofia sighed about her brother. \"I better help him out.\" Akito offered as he came to the ocean, about to step in. \"Cut me a break! I did all that swimming all-the-way-here, not to mention all that running to the workshop, so it makes sense that I wouldn't exactly have much energy!\" LJ snapped, annoyed. \"Come here now.\" Akito said, stepping over and held out his arms to carry LJ. \"Um... Thanks...\" LJ replied, embarrassed, as he climbed into his arms. \"It's a lot of hard work to stay in shape,\" Akito said as he helped LJ out. \"I think I've been doing it all my life though.\" \"You pretty much have,\" Estelle added before balancing on one leg with her arms over her head. \"Same with me and my ballet dancing.\" \"Oh...I'm just tired, is all...\" LJ replied. \"Thanks, Aki.\" \"I'm glad I could help,\" Akito replied. \"Don't worry, we'll take care of ya. You did have an exhausting day.\" \"No kidding,\" LJ replied. \"Now let's get going...\" \"Come along then\" Akito nodded. They then went to keep going along. \"I just have one question...\" Vincent said. \"Does Felicity not exist anymore?\" he then whispered since they were hanging around LJ and Zofia instead of Felicity who was Cherry's daughter originally. \"Hm... I think she's on a mission of her own,\" Lionel replied. \"What about that Simon brat from Return to the Sea? Personally I wouldn't mind if he didn't exist anymore...\" \"Just some food for thought... I'm not sure about Simon though, he seems like he's gonna grow up to be a serial killer,\" Estelle shrugged. \"Or probably a member of The Addams Family.\" \"Yeah, well good riddance to bad rubbish,\" Lionel groused. \"Maybe it's better he doesn't exist. Because if he DID, I'd take him over my knee and paddle his backside 'til the cows come home!\" Meanwhile, the other adults were shown to be with Geppetto as they were fishing. \"Not a bite for days.\" Geppetto sulked. \"And it also doesn't help that we're stuck inside a whale...\" Atticus added. \"How did we let that happen?\" Cherry deadpanned. \"Well, it hasn't been the first time.\" Mo smiled sheepishly about being swallowed by a whale. \"I said sorry, Cherry.\" Atticus said. \"You just had to ask a whale for directions, you Wiccan of the Sea!\" Cherry glared to her childhood best friend. \"It wasn't my fault he ATE US!\" Atticus yelled, annoyed. \"I thought whales only ate krill and stuff like that!\" \"Did you learn nothing from when we had to find Nemo?\" Cherry muttered. \"That was ONE TIME! We were fish then!\" Atticus retorted. \"You guys, this isn't helping,\" Mo sighed. \"You're both acting like children.\" \"Sorry, Mo.\" Cherry and Atticus replied. \"Speaking of children, I just hope ours are alive...\" Mo frowned. \"Lionel's been gone forever.\" \"He said he'd stay back in case they came home,\" Atticus replied. \"How you holding up there, Cherry?\" \"I'm fine...\" Cherry replied. \"Just... A little hungry...\" This made Atticus and Mo nervous, especially since Cherry licked her fangs while holding her stomach. \"If you say so...\" Mo replied nervously. Cherry looked over to Figaro who pouted as they couldn't get any fish. \"We can't hold out much longer.\" Geppetto sighed as it seemed hopeless. Suddenly, Monstro yawned, letting in a tidal wave full of fish, flopping around on the deck. \"Incoming!\" Atticus yelled out. Geppetto rushed over to catch some fish so that they could have some food. He managed to snag some in a net, and so did the others. \"Permission to come aboard?\" A familiar voice asked. \"Huh? Who said that?\" Mo asked. \"We're starving and finally have food, so we're hearing things.\" Cherry commented. \"Ah, close, but no cigar, mi'lady!\" chuckled Lionel. \"Lionel!\" Cherry weakly called. \"Oh, thank goodness, he must've found the children.\" Mo smiled. \"Sure did!\" Lionel smirked, unfurling his jacket and revealing the children concealed inside. \"Oh, dears!\" Mo smiled as she took her twins and older son. \"Mom!\" Akito, Estelle, and Vincent beamed. Atticus soon joined in the group hug, happy to see the kids while Cherry took LJ and Zofia while reuniting with Lionel. \"I also brought Pinocchio,\" Lionel added, revealing him as well. \"And I understand you're a bit famished, Cherry?\" \"You have no idea.\" Cherry said to him, a bit mysterious and dark in her tone. \"Oh... Well, mind if I help fix that?\" Lionel asked. \"Please, before I die.\" Cherry told him, dramatically serious. \"Ah, but of course!\" Lionel replied. \"Everyone, you might want to look away.\" he took a needle and proceeded to puncture his arm. The others did as told while Estelle shook a chill down her spine. Cherry came to her husband, feeling very hungry, but had a small satisfied smirk. Lionel took a deep breath. \"Do what you must.\" he stated. Cherry nodded and then began to bite and feed on him so that she could live, feeling much better once the crimson liquid dripped onto her taste buds in relief. Lionel winced...and surprisingly let out a moan. Cherry soon stopped once she was satisfied enough, and then wiped her mouth once she finished. \"Are you done yet?\" Estelle asked with a small shudder. \"Yeah...\" Lionel panted. \"Felt weirdly good...\" \"How could you like Aunt Cherry biting and sucking on you?\" Estelle groaned slightly. \"THAT is what resulted in your cousins being born,\" Lionel replied. \"Nuff said.\" \"Lionel!\" Mo gasped as that seemed like an adult subject. \"What? Better they learn early than way later!\" Lionel replied. \"He has a point.\" Cherry agreed. Atticus and Mo sighed, though that was somewhat true. \"Father!\" Pinocchio cried out. \"Not now, Pinocchio!\" Geppetto replied until he caught what he said. \"Pinocchio?!\" \"Father!\" Pinocchio smiled as he stood in the fish pile. Gepetto was, needless to say, ecstatic to see his son again. He just wished that they weren't stuck inside of a whale. The others smiled as it was happy to see Geppetto and Pinocchio back together again at long last. Even Figaro was happy as he nuzzled up against the puppet boy while purring. \"Now... We just need a way to get ourselves out of this whale...\" Lionel stated. \"What if we sang a gospel song like in Jonah?\" Estelle suggested. \"Yeaaahh... No.\" Cherry replied. \"We don't have that kind of time!\" LJ replied. \"We gotta make him spit us out!\" \"We've tried every way,\" Geppetto frowned. \"I-I... I even built a raft.\" \"A raft? That's it!\" Pinocchio smiled. \"We'll take the raft, and when the whale opens his mouth-\" \"No, no, no,\" Geppetto replied. \"Now listen, son. He only opens his mouth when he's eating, then everything comes in. Nothing goes out.\" \"But...what if we made him open his mouth? Like...if...we made him sneeze?\" asked LJ. \"I'm not sure if you can... Now come on, we'll make a fire and put on some fish.\" Geppetto suggested. \"Fire? ...Hey, that's it!\" Akito replied. \"We'll make a fire, and the smoke will make the whale sneeze us out!\" \"Now you're using you're noggin, kiddo!\" Lionel beamed. \"Let's light that sucker up!\" Pinocchio soon took out a bunch of firewood to give to his father, even using a wooden chair. \"Pinocchio! Not my chair!\" Geppetto gasped. \"We need more wood, come on, guys!\" Vincent told the others as they collected wood. \"Pull out some planks!\" Lionel ordered, yanking out some of the floorboards and tossing them onto the pile. Geppetto seemed nervous about this. \"Geppetto, we're getting out of here, don't you see?\" Cherry said to the toy maker. \"Yeah, ya gotta do what you gotta do!\" Lionel replied. \"Incoming!\" Mo called out as she brought out the lantern and soon cracked it against the wood to make it catch on fire with a lot of smoke. \"And now we wait...\" LJ grinned. \"Ooh... This will make him mad...\" Geppetto commented. The whale was lying against the water before it began to sniffle from the smoke. \"Ooh, I think this is it.\" Atticus commented. \"Brace yourselves, everyone. Here it comes!\" LJ shouted. \"Well, it's about time!\" Jiminy's voice was heard. They soon moved the raft closer and closer to the whale's mouth, and eventually, Monstro let out a sneeze, blowing them right out. \" YAAAAAAA-HOOOOOEY! \" howled Lionel and LJ as they were sent flying out on the wave. \"Everybody okay?\" Mo asked once they were safe and sound. \"Fine, Mom.\" Akito, Estelle, and Vincent told their mother. \"We're alive and talking...\" LJ replied. \"Thank goodness we're out...\" Atticus sighed. \"Do you kids know this is the second time I've been in a whale?\" \"Yeah, Daddy, we know,\" Estelle smiled. \"You were helping Marlin and Dory find Nemo.\" \"That sounds like an ordeal.\" LJ and Lionel sighed. \"Trust me, that's the least troublesome encounter on many adventures I've been involved in, outside of Gotham City anyway while Atticus hangs around Metropolis.\" Cherry said. \"Alright...\" LJ replied. \"I'm just glad you kids are okay.\" Cherry sighed before hugging him and his sister in relief. \"Same here!\" Lionel beamed, hugging them as well. \"Junior really missed you, Mom.\" Zofia smiled. \"Oh, did he?\" Cherry replied. \"Well, I missed you too.\" \"And Zofia was really worried she wouldn't get to see you again after she got turned into a donkey,\" LJ replied. \"By the way, how did that happen anyway?\" \"You kids turned into donkeys?\" Cherry asked. \"Yeah, long story,\" LJ replied. \"Terrifying, too.\" \"Must've been some kind of weird magic.\" Atticus commented. Monstro soon seemed to be trying to make them go back into his mouth. \"No! Stop!\" Atticus glared. \"Don't be that way!\" \"No, you don't, ya wacky whale!\" LJ snapped. \"This is LAND! You can't come up here or you'll die!\" \"Even if you have lungs... Confusing animal biology!\" Cherry added. \"Quick, into that cove!\" Lionel shouted as they diverted their path toward a cove nearby. \"Oh, good, that'll work.\" Cherry agreed out of relief. They soon veered the raft that way with help from Atticus as he came into the water and took them there, using speed and strength.[Chapter 7] LJ panted in surprise. \"Looks like we gave him the slip!\" he chuckled. \"I think we're all going to be okay now.\" Estelle smiled. \"We made it!\" Pinocchio cheered out of excitement. \"Yeah, yeah!\" Lionel laughed. \"That old whale thought he had us back there, but he was WRONG!\" \"Now, to get you kids back to normal...\" Atticus said. \"Now, let me see... What was that spell?\" \"Are you a witch, Uncle Atticus?\" Zofia asked. \"Your mother didn't tell you? I'm a Wiccan.\" Atticus replied. \"Yeah... He did mention that once...\" Lionel added. \"Believe me, the things I learned about your uncle could fill a book...or two.\" \"'I liked the kids the way they were, Now bring them back to normal without donkey tails or ears'.\" Atticus recited a spell. And from the magic spell, the kids were soon back to normal as normal could be, including Pinocchio as a wooden puppet boy, but would get his wish of being a human boy granted very soon. \"Hoo-yeah!\" LJ grinned. \"Sis, you're back to your normal self!\" \"We're back!\" Zofia beamed before hugging her brother, feeling happy and excited now. The adults smiled back as the kids weren't donkeys anymore. \"That's cool, but what about Pinocchio? How's he gonna be a real boy now?\" asked LJ. \"I'm afraid that is something I'm not conditioned to do,\" Atticus replied. \"That would be up to the Blue Fairy.\" \"Shoot...\" LJ grumbled. \"And after all he went through...\" \"Well, let's see what the Blue Fairy says first, okay?\" Atticus said. \"Okay...\" The kids replied while pouting a little. Monstro soon swam away in defeat, hopefully never coming back for any of them. Eventually, they all returned home to Geppetto's workshop. Pinocchio was put in bed as he seemed to be knocked out. \"I hope he's still alive.\" Estelle whimpered. \"I just know he'll be fine, Princess.\" Atticus soothed his daughter. \"I hope you're right, Unc,\" LJ replied. \"That chase really took the wind out of his sails, but he was okay on the way back...\" \"These things just happen sometimes...\" Cherry said. \"I'm just glad that you kids are all right. Now, tell me... Is Pleasure Island anything like Treasure Island?\" \"Cherry...\" Atticus and Mo sighed to that question. \"No. It was this place where there were no rules-you could drink, smoke, break things, and wreak havoc, and nobody could get in trouble. But there was something in the stuff...that turned people into donkeys!\" LJ explained. \"Hmm...\" Cherry replied, scratching her chin. \"That is very strange... I'm not sure how that could have happened, but luckily you got out when you did. This is something I'd expect to happen to Fievel Mousekewitz, especially from the first movie.\" \"Um... Yeah..\" LJ replied. \"Who knows why anything happens anyway...?\" Cherry sighed. \"I'm glad to see you kids safe though.\" \"Wow, Aunt Cherry really does care.\" Akito smiled. \"Of course I do, Baby Atticus, we're family.\" Cherry replied. LJ snickered. Akito pouted to the nickname, but he put up with it since his Aunt Cherry always called him that. Geppetto began to hope and pray for the best for his wooden puppet who he really loved as his very own son. Suddenly, a blue light appeared over Pinocchio's body. \"W-What's this?\" Estelle asked. \"I believe that would be the Blue Fairy, dear.\" Mo smiled. \"Prove yourself brave, truthful and unselfish, and someday you will be a real boy, not to mention, you've been a very good friend to Akito, Estelle, Vincent, Lionel Jr, and Zofia,\" The Blue Fairy's voice cooed. \"Awake, Pinocchio. Awake.\" And suddenly, the wood became flesh and hair as Pinocchio awoke. The kids oohed and awed over their friend. Pinocchio soon sat up and rubbed his eyes before seeing Geppetto crying. \"Father! Whatcha crying for?\" \"Because... You're dead, Pinocchio.\" Geppetto muffled. \"He couldn't be talking if he was dead, Geppetto, so look up!\" Lionel snapped. \"Yes... Yes, he is...\" Geppetto sulked. \"But Father, I'm alive, see?\" Pinocchio smiled. \"And I'm... Real... I'm a real boy!\" Geppetto soon took a look with Cleo, Figaro, and Jiminy and they saw that Pinocchio was in fact now a human child. \"No, you're not seeing things!\" Lionel replied. \"It's REAL!\" \"You're alive!\" Geppetto beamed as he embrace his new son. \"And you are a real boy!\" This caused everybody else to celebrate out of sheer happiness for Pinocchio and Geppetto. \"Woo-hoo!\" They all cheered. \"Hey, this is about when I came in!\" Jiminy beamed. Everyone soon shared a happy dance with each other, and Jiminy received his \"Number 1 Conscience\" badge. \"Thank you, Miss Blue Fairy.\" Estelle smiled. \"And thank you for helping Pinocchio.\" The Blue Fairy smiled back. \"Hey, it was no problem!\" LJ replied casually. \"And these are for you.\" The Blue Fairy smiled as she rewarded them each their own medals of honor for being good friends of Pinocchio's during this grand adventure. \"At least it wasn't in the Baby Zone again.\" Vincent muttered. \"Aw, Vincent, you liked visiting the Hundred Acre Wood once you got used to it.\" Estelle reminded her eldest brother. \"Yeah! I heard that Tigger is a really cool guy!\" LJ replied. \"Besides, you never really outgrow it. The theme song for the 90's series is super-catchy!\" Vincent just shrugged and put his hands in his pockets. \"At least Mom, Dad, Aunt Cherry, and Uncle Lionel didn't have to meet Winnie the Pooh.\" he then commented. \"Aw, relax, Vince!\" LJ replied. \"We did get sweet medals!\" Vincent rolled his eyes before smiling about that. \"That we did.\" \"I suppose now would be a good time to head back home after quite the adventure.\" Atticus suggested. \"Now you're talking!\" Lionel nodded.[Chapter 8] The kids looked a little sad to go, but like many things, everything must eventually come to an end. \"Hey, this was your first adventure! You should be proud!\" Lionel commented. \"Besides, it's not like you won't see them again!\" \"Really?\" Zofia asked. \"You think so, Pater?\" \"I'm guessing that means 'Dad'?\" LJ replied. \"Hey, I know so!\" Lionel beamed. \"It does.\" Zofia told her brother before smiling to their father. \"Yeah, I figured.\" LJ shrugged. They soon went back home as the adventure with Pinocchio was over. A certain someone had watched the whole thing on his crystal ball to judge LJ and Zofia on their first adventure together, even if they had their parents with them. \"I think we did pretty well,\" LJ smirked. \"Especially for first timers.\" \"Adventure is a wonderful thing,\" Atticus smiled. \"Not to mention that 'To live would be an awfully big adventure'. That's what Peter Pan taught us.\" \"I guess you're right, Unc,\" LJ replied. \"Did we do good, Mr. Drell?\" Drell soon appeared from nowhere to come and see them. \"You did rather well...\" he said to them. \"I'm actually a little impressed.\" \"You thought that mission was good? Just wait 'til our NEXT one!\" LJ beamed. \"I'm a tough man to please.\" Drell replied. \"You said it, not me.\" Cherry mumbled. \"Well, we're doing this for the fun of it!\" LJ replied. \"Same as our folks! To be honest, it doesn't matter to me whether or not we please ya.\" \"I know...\" Drell replied as he leaned against the wall with his other hand on his hip. \"As long as you don't interfere with my time with Hilda.\" \"Yeah, sure, whatever floats your boat.\" Lionel rolled his eyes. \"Watch it...\" Drell replied, wagging his finger at him. \"We wouldn't want you banished into another dimension or anything.\" \"Alright, alright,\" Lionel sighed. \"We won't interrupt your time with Hilda.\" \"Very good,\" Drell replied. \"Also, very good on your adventure, kids. Perhaps I'll give you some more in the future... I'm still trying to figure out this new program you kids are into these days called 'E-Mail', I believe?\" \"Um... Yeah.\" LJ replied. \"That was it...\" Drell replied. \"I'll 'E-Mail' you some details.\" \"Don't say it like that,\" Cherry complained. \"It sounds weird when you say it.\" \"Mom is right, it does,\" LJ nodded. \"I gotta get going,\" Drell said as he began to leave. \"I'm a very busy man.\" \"And Drell? Don't do anything I wouldn't do,\" Lionel smirked. \"Seriously. Hilda's a great woman, and somebody like that only comes along once in a lifetime.\" \"Trust me, I'm going to hold onto her for a very long time,\" Drell smirked back. \"And it's all thanks to Cherry.\" \"Stop talking about that.\" Cherry whined. Lionel shrugged. \"Well, we all screw up sometimes. The best we can do is learn from our blunders and make things right.\" \"See ya guys later.\" Drell said as he left. The others said goodbye to him as he took his leave. \"Well... Our first adventure,\" LJ commented. \"Can't wait for the next one.\" \"That's the spirit!\" Zofia smiled to her brother's anticipation for another adventure in the near future. \"Yeah! There's a brand-new journey out there, so let's go find it! We're like Sonic Heroes!\" LJ cheered, leaping into the air. \"Yeah!\" The others then jumped up with him out of excitement. \"Ah, the adventures I've shared with Sonic the Hedgehog,\" Cherry said. \"...Also those times with Sonia and Manic.\" \"King Sonic and Queen Sally's kids?\" The kids replied out of confusion. \"No, no,\" Cherry replied. \"Sonic's brother and sister, of course!\" \"Oh, I remember them!\" LJ beamed. \"The purple and green ones!\" \"Yes, them...\" Cherry nodded before sighing. \"As dark and dreary as I may be, I still feel tearful to think that Queen Aleena had to give up her children and separate them just to fulfill a prophecy.\" \"Yeah... I only hope they got to reunite.\" Lionel agreed. \"I'm sure they have eventually...\" Atticus smiled. \"Hmm... Maybe we should visit Mobius to see the Freedom Fighters with their kids.\" The kids gasped about that possible visit, seeing the next generation of the Freedom Fighters. \"Maybe some other time.\" LJ replied. \"We can meet them, right?\" Akito asked hopefully. \"I wanna have a race with Sonic's son!\" \"We'll see, okay?\" Atticus smiled to his younger son with a chuckle. \"Maybe after we visit Eternia...or Etheria...\" LJ replied. \"Eternia.\" Atticus clarified. \"There are two worlds,\" LJ responded. \"One in the 2002 show, and the other in that new 2018 series.\" \"Hm...\" Atticus hummed about that. \"Everything's a reboot, nothing's original anymore.\" Cherry sharply sighed. \"Yeah, whatever. Some are good, some are bad,\" LJ shrugged. \"And this is one of the good ones!\" \"If you say so, kiddo,\" Cherry shrugged to her son, crossing her arms to him. \"Mommy still thinks that 2016 Powerpuff Girls is overhated. Still not a good show, but Mommy can't flat-out hate it like when she hated Teen Titans Go.\" \"Uh-huh! That show is the worst!\" LJ nodded. \"We raised you well.\" Cherry approved. \"And I've never been more proud.\" Lionel nodded. \"You made us that way!\" LJ and Zofia beamed to their parents. \"You deserve a better Christmas adventure than when those Toddler Titans invaded the North Pole and killed Santa's elves and drove Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer away.\" Cherry cooed. \"Yeah! Let's fix things! And save Christmas the right way! Those chumps ain't gonna stop US!\" LJ growled. \"Very good...\" Cherry replied. \"The only annoyance during the holidays I wouldn't mind is Alvin Seville.\" \"Oh, Alvin...\" Atticus and Mo sighed from their memories of putting up with the red-capped leader of the Chipmunks. \"Hey, maybe we could recruit them and the main kids of South Park!\" LJ added. \"Erm... South Park...?\" Atticus asked, a bit uneasily. \"I don't know about that...\" \"Alright, not them. But who?\" LJ pondered. \"We'll see about you kids meeting the kids of South Park sometime, maybe in a musical adventure.\" Cherry whispered as a hint since Atticus didn't really like South Park. \"I know I say this a lot, but you rock, Mom.\" LJ grinned. \"Ah... I don't know about that.\" Cherry smirked playfully. \"Hey, it's true, and he should say it,\" Lionel smirked. \"Next time, either Eternia or Etheria! By the power or for the Honor of Grayskull! Until then, YOU have the Power!\" Atticus and Mo soon shrugged as this story drew to a close, but until next time, this is... The End \"Good night, folks!\" LJ waved. ","Summary":" A/N: Behold! My Pinocchio story, but first, a treat for all my watchers... The screen seemed to be "},{"Movie":"Valentine's Day, 2010","Title":"After the Curtains Close","Author":"setr","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7504942","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Simple It was a simple flower, a soft yellow, but then Sean had always been a simple man. It was only when it came to Holden that it got complicated. It got complicated because Holden was a guy and Sean wasn't supposed to want to be with him. It got complicated because of the fear and the secrets and the hiding so Holden had simplified things; he had left. Except apparently it hadn't simplified things because here he was standing outside the door to the place he had considered home for the last two years. Inside Sean was no doubt asleep, maybe even dreaming of him and the moment to come. Holden took a deep breath as he thought about what he was about to do. Only a couple hours ago he was resigned to the fact that it was over but that was before he had caught Kelvin Moore's news report and had seen the press conference from earlier in the day. \"I'm gay.\" Sean had said it so easily, so simply. And just like that everything had changed. Quietly he let himself into the beachside condo - he still had a key - and shut the door behind him. The lights were off and he made his way through the house easily. Finally he saw the footballer lounging in a chair his eyes closed and tilted to the side. A soft smile ghosted across Holden's face as he made his way over, his steps practically silent in the night air. Lifting the flower he grazed it along Sean's turned face, watching as the petals caught lightly of the stubble covering his cheek. Sean's mouth twitched and he clumsily lifted a large hand to bat away the offensive flower. Holden continued to move the flower against the tanned skin and slowly Sean opened his eyes. He blinked slowly as Holden came into focus and all Holden could do was smile and run his fingers through sleep tousled hair. A shadow of a smile flitted to the surface. \"You saw.\" Sean said, simple as always. \"Yeah.\" Holden replied. With a smile he closed the distance between them because maybe things were simple after all.[Chapter 2] Dreaming Light streamed through the partially closed curtains in Sean's room and he grumbled wordlessly and squeezed his eyes shut against the intrusion. He had been having good dreams and he wanted to go back to them. He had dreamed that Holden had come back, had come home. Sean wanted to stay in the dream world where Holden was in his arms instead of emerging into reality where he had possibly destroyed his career and was still left alone. With a sigh he went to flip onto his stomach with the intent of burying his face in the pillows and fighting off reality a bit longer. However when he went to move he realized his left side was pinned to the bed, pinned by another body. Sean's eyes flew open and his senses kicked back in as he took in the sight before him. He saw golden, perfectly smooth skin stretched over sinuous muscle. He could feel the soft chest hairs pressed into his own chest and the steady thump of someone else's heartbeat against his side. His eyes travelled down the body up till the soft curve of his backside where golden skin met crisp white sheets. Travelling upwards again he took in the mess of slightly shaggy hair buried into his shoulder. Maybe it hadn't been a dream after all. \"Ngh, tired go back to sleep.\" The body mumbled into his skin. It was muffled and clogged with sleep but there was no doubt that the voice belonged to Holden. A grin spread across Sean's face and he let out a chuckle as he leaned down to kiss the deceptively soft hair. \"It wasn't a dream. You really came back.\" He murmured amazed. \"I'll leave if you don't let me sleep\" Holden grumbled. Sean laughed heartily because Holden's morning grumpiness was just so familiar to him. He never thought he'd miss the other man's complaints and half-awake grumbles but after a week of waking up alone to the silence of his too big condo Holden's threat was like music. Pulling him closer he closed his eyes and focusing on the even rhythm of Holden's breathing he let himself be lulled back to sleep.[Chapter 3] Apologies It was nearly noon by the time Sean and Holden fully woke but both men had needed the sleep. Sleep had been illusive and restless for the past week. Holden stretched languidly before leaning in closer and pressing a kiss to the skin that covered Sean's heart. He smiled at the action and threaded his fingers into the back of the dark blonde hair and tilted his head back. Holden moved his head easily allowing Sean to dip his own head down and capture Holden's lips. Sean groaned as they pressed together and Holden's tongue, and with it his taste, slipped into his mouth. Sean ran his free hand down the expanse of Holden's back slipping under the cover to palm his ass. Holden moaned in response and pushed his hips down in a manner that had Sean's cock coming to life. They broke the kiss to breathe and Sean took the opportunity to get some oxygen and blood to his head. He wanted Holden, he always wanted Holden, but he also didn't want to rush right back into the physical with him. \"Holden, wait.\" Sean said, softly pushing Holden back. Sean almost regretted it when sadness and hesitation filled his clear blue eyes. Rejection was written on his stubbly face making him look young and vulnerable and Sean was hit with the damage he had caused. Quickly he reached out and caressed Holden's cheek leaning down to place a quick kiss against his lips in a manner that he hoped reassured the other man. \"I just wanted to say how sorry I am for putting you through all this. If I had just came out like you'd asked we wouldn't have had to go through all this. I'm sorry, Holden.\" Holden pushed himself up so that he was in a sitting position and ran a hand through his hair in a manner that Sean knew meant he was trying to figure out how to do something. Slowly he lifted himself up and turned to face Holden straight on. He truly was sorry and he just hoped that Holden believed him. \"I'll accept your apology, Sean Jackson, on two conditions.\" Holden said seriously. \"Anything, Holden.\" He replied honestly. \"First condition is if you accept my apology for trying to push you into doing this.\" \"You don't need to apologize; you had the right to demand it.\" \"This is my condition, Sean.\" Holden interrupted him with a small chuckle. \"Fine, apology accepted. Now what's this second condition?\" \"You need to make love to me now because I've missed you so much.\" Holden's words were barely a whisper but his eyes sparked with an intensity that Sean had missed. Without thinking about it he leaned forward and captured Holden's lips in a passionate kiss filled with pent-up desire and frustration that their time apart had fostered. As he pushed Holden back onto the bed Sean knew that this time things were going to be different. AN: Thank you for reading. I would truly appreciate any comments or feedback you have. I'm not going to withhold updates if I don't get any but just know that they mean a lot to writers. Thanks.[Chapter 4] The (Second) First Date It had been two days since The Announcement (in Holden's mind it was always capitalized) and the two men had spent the majority of those two days in the condo. Sean had gone out for another lunch with Kara and Paula so Holden had taken the opportunity to check in at the office. Armed with a briefcase full of papers to look over Holden took a cab back to Sean's condo. His boyfriend's SUV was still missing and he hoped the lunch meeting was going well because Holden knew how much the game meant to him – after all it had almost destroyed their future together. Holden let himself into the condo and tried to push thoughts of that final fight out of his head. He was just getting inside when his phone rang in the pocket of his charcoal slacks, pulling it out he smiled as Sean's name flashed across the screen. \"Hey, everything ok with lunch?\" Holden answered with a smile. \"Yeah, I'll tell you about it later. I was just wondering... I mean if you'd like to that is... go out tonight?\" Sean stammered uncharacteristically. \"Sean Jackson, are you asking me out on a date?\" Holden replied with a chuckle. \"Yeah, I guess I am.\" \"I'd love to.\" \"Great, I'll be home in about half an hour.\" \"See you soon.\" \"Bye.\" Holden was grinning as he slipped the phone back into his pocket. The conversation reminded him of another similar conversation he had with Sean almost three years ago. Holden flipped through his phone trying to find the e-mail Kara Monoghan had sent him the week before. He was currently waiting outside the young publicist's office waiting to talk to her about a property she was looking into. Finding the e-mail he scanned it and mentally went over his presentation, he was pretty confident in Kara's interest and today's meeting was about the details of the deal. Holden looked up when he heard Kara's voice and saw her escorting a tall, broad-shouldered man out of her office. Holden's first thought was 'fuck me' because the male was breathtaking. He was ruggedly handsome with a five o'clock shadow dusting his strong jaw. His eyes were sparkling with mischief and Holden couldn't help but picture being pushed against a wall, that hard, strong body the only thing keeping him from sliding to the floor. \" Mr Wilson?\" The slight concern in Kara's voice made him realize that he had zoned out and now both Hot Stranger and Kara were staring at him. \" Sorry, I'm a little tired today.\" He explained feeling his ears warm up. \" Sorry to have kept you waiting.\" The stranger spoke with a deep, rumbling voice that encompassed Holden and made his blood hum. The corner of his mouth pulled up in a lazy smile and Holden had to shove his hands into his pockets to keep from reaching out. \" Not a problem\" he managed to get out. \" See ya, Kara. I'll tell Paula I've agreed to this.\" \" This is a good idea, Sean.\" Kara replied shaking his hand. Sean nodded to Holden and then he was gone. The meeting was short and less than twenty minutes later Holden was waiting for the elevator to head down to the parking garage. A soft ding announced its arrival and stepping in he hit the P button indicating the garage level. The doors were about to slide shut when a gravelly voice asked to hold it, automatically his arm went out to keep the doors from shutting. Looking up he saw the man – Sean – from Kara's office. \" Thanks, Mr Wilson right?\" Sean said as he slipped in and the door whisked close. \" You can just call me Holden though.\" Holden answered with a nod. He couldn't help but be impressed that Sean had remembered his name, sure he remembered Sean's but then again Sean was drop dead gorgeous. \" Sean Jackson.\" He said holding out his hand. \" Nice to meet you, Sean.\" Sean's grip was firm, his calloused hands pleasantly rough against Holden's softer ones. Sean held on a bit longer than necessary but instead of pulling away Holden just smiled letting his eyes do a quick once over. \" Are you a client of Kara's?\" Sean asked, eventually letting Holden's hand drop. \" More like the other way around. I'm a property consultant.\" Holden explained. Sean nodded but Holden could tell he wasn't really sure what that meant. He was used to that and just shrugged it off, no need to get into details with someone he had never seen before and probably never would again. Eventually they reached the underground garage and Holden almost reluctantly left the elevator. \" Well, it was nice meeting you Sean. See ya.\" Holden said and the other man nodded in agreement. He turned to walk away to where he was parked feeling Sean's eyes on his retreating back. \" Holden, wait!\" Sean called out. Holden was startled but turned around easily and lifted an eyebrow in question. \" I was wondering, that is I don't know if you're even... I mean, we just met but if you wouldn't hate it...\" Sean stammered. \" Are you trying to ask me out on a date, Sean Jackson?\" Holden asked with a grin. The other man's face flushed pink and he nodded sheepishly. Holden couldn't help but find the slight blush incredibly arousing and he heard himself agreeing. Sean looked extremely relieved and they exchanged numbers with Sean promising to call that night to make plans. Holden found himself waiting eagerly for the call to come. Holden hadn't realized just who Sean was until he had got home and googled it knowing that is name was familiar. The thought that a professional footballer had asked him out on a date made his knees weak and he had only hoped that Sean wouldn't mind that he knew almost nothing about the sport. \"Holden, you home babe?\" \"Back here\" Holden replied. When Sean walked into the room Holden was applying a bit of gel to his slightly damp hair. He smiled at him through the mirror and watched as the footballer walked up behind him and slid strong arms around his waist. Sean nuzzled his neck and placed a wet kiss to his jaw. \"Mmm you smell great.\" Holden hummed contentedly and turned in the embrace so that he could press their lips together in a soft kiss. Sean's hands slipped down to palm his ass through the fresh slacks he had put on after his shower. \"So where are you taking me?\" Holden asked pulling back slightly. \"Bistro Garden.\" Sean replied naming one of Holden's favourite restaurants. It had also been where they had gone for their first date. Though this time instead of a back corner to hide that they were together they sat in the back to have some privacy. As they sat and talked Sean kept Holden's hand in his and while there were a few stares Holden couldn't care less. It was a fresh start for them and Holden couldn't help thinking that the future looked bright.[Chapter 5] You, Me and the In-laws Sean locked the SUV with a beep and walked to his front door. He was glad to have a team to play for again even if they weren't a top team and he couldn't help but smile softly as he dug out his house key. Letting himself in he disabled the alarm noting that Holden was still at work. The weekend before he had moved back in fully; giving up the apartment he had rented when they split. Sean loved having him back in the condo; Holden was what made it a home again. With his sports bag still slung over his shoulder he walked to the laundry room kicked off his shoes and dropped off the bag. He had showered after practice so he headed for the kitchen and a snack, once there he spotted the flashing red light of the answering machine. He hit the play button and waited for the message to be played back for him. The first was some bogus claim that he had won a trip from a contest he definitely hadn't entered. The second was from his father. \"Sean, it's your father. We've given you time but your mother is worried. Please call her.\" Even through the recorded message Sean could hear the soft command in it. This was the third message from his parents since he outed himself on National Television. The day after the press conference there had been a message from his mom – Sean and Holden had been ignoring all calls that day – and she left a short and sweet message. It was still on the machine and he pushed a few buttons until it was playing in the quiet of the room. \"Sean, it's Mom. We saw the conference and just know we love you.\" The message evoked feelings of warmth inside him and he remembered his mom kissing scraped knees and bandaging cut arms. About a week later there had been a second message. \"Sean, I know you're busy and need time but please call us. I love you.\" This message had left Sean feeling guilty. Sure the first few days were busy and he and Holden had a lot of catching up and making up to do but he really should've called his parents. His mom was probably hurt that she had found out her only son was gay along with the rest of the world. He was too scared to think of what his dad was thinking and feeling. However scared or not his mom did deserve to hear from him and he picked up the phone and dialled the familiar number. It rang once, twice before the line was picked up and he heard his mom's voice. \"Hello?\" \"Hey mom\" Sean said with a smile. \"Sean? Sean, honey is that you?\" Sean fought the urge to roll his eyes; he was an only child who else would be calling her mom? \"Yes mom, it's me. Sorry I haven't called.\" \"It's ok, dear. How are you? Are you eating properly? When will you be visiting next? It better be before the summer?\" \"Whoa mom, one thing at a time.\" \"Sorry, I just miss you son.\" \"I know mom, I miss you too. I'm fine, I'm pretty great actually and yes I am eating properly.\" \"Good, you need your fruits and vegetables, not just all that protein and carbs you like.\" \"I'm about to grab an apple right now actually.\" \"That's my boy.\" His mom responded making him feel all of eight again. \"How are you and dad?\" \"We're good. Dad's been fiddling in his workshop a lot.\" \"What's he got planned this time?\" \"Oh Heaven knows. I'm not allowed in.\" \"Sounds like dad.\" His mom continued on about the book club she was a part of and Sean listened like the dutiful son he was. She was talking about what she was going to bake for the next get together when he heard the door open. A few minutes later Holden walked in wearing his suit and tie. Sean smiled at his boyfriend and murmured in agreement to something his mom had said. Holden pressed a kiss to his cheek before moving to rummage in the fridge. \"Sorry mom, I've got to go.\" \"Oh of course, I didn't mean to ramble on.\" \"Don't worry about it. I'm going to check my calendar later and figure out when I can get down, alright?\" \"Really? That would be great. And Sean, bring your young man.\" Sean was speechless, he had never mentioned having a boyfriend and he was pretty sure anything about Holden had miraculously escaped the press so far. \"No need to be so shocked I can tell when my own son is in love. We'll talk to you soon, I love you son.\" \"I love you too mom.\" Sean replied before hanging up the phone. When he turned around Holden tossed him an apple which he caught expertly with one hand. Polishing it lightly on his shirt he took a bite, savouring the juicy sharpness before swallowing. \"How'd you know I wanted an apple?\" he questioned Holden. \"You always have an apple after training.\" He replied simply. Sean smiled; it was nice having someone who knew you that well. And Holden knew the real Sean Jackson. Not the one that was the persona of big football star but who he was beyond that. He crossed the room and wrapped his free arm around Holden's waist his hand resting on the small of his back. \"Have I told you how much I love you?\" Sean said with a grin. \"Yes, but I'll never tire of hearing it.\" \"Well I love you, Holden Wilson. I love y more than anything in this world.\" \"And I love you, Sean Jackson.\" Holden replied. Holden tilted his head up for a kiss and Sean happily obliged letting his tongue slip out to lick across Holden's lips before pulling back. \"So you're taking a trip home?\" \"No, we're taking a trip home.\" Holden's eyes widened and Sean laughed before ducking down to kiss him again.[Chapter 6] Home For A Rest Holden's heart was pounding wildly in his chest and even he could see the blatant fear in his eyes. He blinked and straightened his tie, adjusting his suit for the tenth time in as many minutes. Gripping the edge of the counter he ducked his head and concentrated on breathing. Deep breath in through the nose slowly let it out through the mouth. Keep repeating and he just might not pass out. A soft chuckle alerted him to Sean's presence and he glanced up to see him through the mirror. Sean grinned and put the bag he was holding down before walking into the bathroom. Strong hands turned him around, resting on his shoulders. \"It's going to be ok.\" Sean said calmly. \"What if your mom doesn't think I'm good enough? What if your dad thinks it's my fault you're gay? What if-\" Holden was cut off by Sean's lips on his. Slowly he kissed him back trying to concentrate on his solidness and warmth instead of the thousands of worries floating through his head. \"What if it wasn't enough? What if it was too late? What if you didn't come back? Worrying about it didn't do anything. Please don't worry. My parents will love you if for no other reason than because I love you. And my dad's not stupid he won't blame you.\" Sean's thumb brushed tenderly along his cheekbone and Holden took a deep breath. \"Are you sure?\" \"Positive.\" \"OK. Should I change? Is this too formal?\" \"Relax Holden. You look great and the suit is fine. I might not recognise you in something else.\" Sean replied with a laugh. \"Alright, let's go before we miss our flight.\" \"Good idea, we should leave now or I'll be forced to make us very late.\" Holden laughed as Sean waggled his eyebrows comically. Together they left the house, Holden feeling a bit calmer. A couple of hours later they were on the plane having just taken off. Being on the plane Holden couldn't help but think about his last trip and his seat mate. He had received a card from Kate a few days after the flight thanking him for the use of Redman and the car. She had also hoped that things had looked up for him since the flight. The card still sat on his desk at the office; a reminder of a good flight and new friend. Thinking of Kate and the sacrifices she had made for love made Holden realise that meeting Sean's parents wasn't so bad. The Jackson's lived in Texas and so it was a short flight compared to the previous trip. About halfway through the two and a half hour flight Sean decided they could use a drink. He reached up to press the little red call button before settling back in his seat. When the flight attendant approached Holden nearly choked as he recognised her as the same blonde from his previous flight. She smiled widely and Holden hoped she didn't recognise him. No such luck. \"Good afternoon, sir. It's great to have you flying with us again. Holden smiled tightly and Sean raised an eyebrow but Holden shook his head minutely. \"Could we get two rum and cokes, please?\" \"Of course, sir.\" It wasn't long before they had their drinks in front of them and with another large smile the flight attendant walked away. Holden took a sip of his drink and turned to see Sean watching him. \"What was that about?\" \"Do you remember the flight I was on with Captain Kate Hazeltine?\" \"Yeah, it was on Valentine's Day right?\" \"Yeah, well I don't know if it was just the day but this one flight attendant was... well enamoured with me. According to the captain she looked over something like every five seconds.\" Holden felt kind of his stupid telling Sean this, as if he was trying to prove something. Sure it was something to laugh over with a friend but mentioning it to his boyfriend made him feel like the insecure partner trying to make the other jealous. Sean, however, just smiled as if to say 'and you don't know why she would' and immediately Holden felt less foolish. \"I don't think it was just the day.\" Sean said simply. \"Why, because she smiled?\" Holden asked dubiously. \"No because she's looked over at least three times during this conversation.\" \"No way!\" Holden turned his head just in time to see the blonde look his way and smile widely. Slightly horrified he turned back around to face Sean. \"She can look all she wants, I don't blame her, but you're mine.\" Sean said with a slight growl. The noise shot straight to his groin and Holden let out a silent moan before yanking Sean closer by the shirt and crashing their mouths together. He poured his desire, love and anxiety into the kiss as their teeth clashed and Sean pushed his tongue into his mouth. Holden sucked on it hungrily before pulling back, his hands still holding Sean's shirt. \"God, I love you.\" Holden breathed. Sean looked at him with dilated pupils, no mistaking the hungry look in his eyes and Holden wished they weren't stuck on the plane. \"I love you too. Though I think you might have just broken the flight attendant's heart.\" Holden glanced over to where it looked like the blonde had spilled the drink she was pouring over a disgruntled flyer. Holden turned back to Sean sheepishly and couldn't help but laugh. Holden's nerves were back by the time the plane landed and he fidgeted with his suit jacket and tie. They were standing waiting to get through customs and Sean grabbed his hands stilling them. Then he straightened out Holden's tie and jacket and offered a reassuring smile. \"Relax, Holden or they'll think you're smuggling something.\" Holden forced a light laugh and worked on taking calming breaths. Sean's parents had raised him and Sean was great so they couldn't be horrible. Soon they were walking into the arrivals wing of the Dallas airport and Holden scanned the crowd looking for the couple he had seen in photos at the condo. \"Sean! Sean, honey.\" A feminine voice called out. Holden turned at the sound and saw a short, slightly plump woman with a big smile. A grin broke out on Sean's face and he led them over to where his mom was waiting. Sean loomed over her by a good foot and a half and he immediately enveloped her in a big hug lifting her off the ground. Sean's mom let out an almost girlish giggle. The youthful sound made Holden smile and he knew that he was going to like her. Sean put her down and after pressing a kiss to her cheek stepped back and held his arm out to Holden. \"Mom, this is Holden Wilson. Holden, this is my mom Leigh-Ann.\" \"It's nice to meet you Mrs Jackson.\" Holden said bending to place a light kiss on her cheek. Mrs Jackson pulled her to him in a motherly hug that Holden hadn't experienced in years. He felt his throat tighten with emotion as he hugged her back. \"Now you call me Leigh-Ann or Mom. None of this Mrs Jackson stuff. That's my mother-in-law and the name still gives me shudders.\" \"Mom, Nan is not that bad.\" \"Of course not if you're her handsome grandson but if you're stealing her precious first born...\" \"Hush mom, you're going to scare Holden.\" Holden watched the affectionate exchange between mother and son with a sense of envy. \"Alright boys, let's head back.\" Leigh-Ann said with a warm smile. \"Is dad at the car?\" Sean asked and Holden could hear the slight hope in it. \"Your dad's at home and before you read into this he's starting on the steaks. We figured you'd be hungry.\" \"Starved.\" Sean replied, accepting the explanation. \"Now Holden dear, you're not one of those strange LA folk on one of them special diets or anything, are you?\" \"No Leigh-Ann. Steak sounds great.\" He caught Sean's eye and the footballer rolled his eyes but he was grinning. Holden smiled back Leigh-Ann's easy attitude going a long way to making him feel at ease. Leigh-Ann kept up a steady chatter on the ride to the Jackson house, filling them in on some changes to the house and what their neighbours were up to. For the most part Holden just sat there letting the everyday news and sense of community wash over him. When they pulled into the driveway Holden got out of the car and Leigh-Ann was immediately by his side slipping her hand through his. \"Now Frank's out back at the grill no doubt. How about we go have a tour while Sean catches up with his dad.\" Holden nodded understanding that the Jackson men needed some privacy for their first reunion post-coming out.[Chapter 7] Happy Holidays to everyone. Thanks for all the reviews. No Place Like Home Sean stood at the back door watching his father at the grill. He looked the same as he had every time Sean had seen him in the past few years. Dark brown hair faded and tinged with gray, laugh lines now permanent creases but shoulders still broad and straight. Frank Jackson might be getting older but time couldn't make him any less proud and dignified. Sean had a good relationship with his father; they had gone on camping trips and played ball in the yard. Sure when Sean was a teen he had rebelled but never enough to truly strain they relationship. Now for the first time in his life Sean was truly afraid to see Frank Jackson. Steeling his nerves he opened the door and stepped out on to the back deck. His dad looked over at him and put down the brush he was using to add BBQ sauce to the sizzling steaks. He closed the lid and turned around to face Sean. Sean swallowed thickly. \"Hey dad.\" \"Sean\" his dad said nodding. He took a step closer shutting the door behind him and shoving his hands into his jeans. \"Sean, do you love football?\" Sean was surprised by the question; it hadn't been what he was expecting at all. Slowly he nodded because he really did love the sport. \"Do you love your mom and me?\" Again not the question he was expecting. Was his father going to tell him that if he loves the sport and them he couldn't be gay? Still he nodded, words failing him. \"Then as far as I can see you're the same boy you've always been, Sean.\" \"Dad?\" Sean said softly, not fully understanding. \"We love you, Sean. That doesn't depend on who you love. I'm only sorry that you thought you had to hide it for so long.\" Sean felt a crushing wave of love for his parents and he wrapped his arms around his dad in a fierce hug. Emotion threatened to overwhelm him and he hid his face in his dad's neck for a moment before stepping back. \"Now go grab a plate for these, will you and tell your mom she can stop hiding inside with that man of yours.\" Sean laughed and made his way back inside. He took a moment to breathe and come to terms with the easy acceptance of his parents. He had built up years of worries about this moment and it was cathartic to finally have it over. \"Mom! Dad says to stop hiding Holden.\" He called into the house. From upstairs he heard his mom laugh and he hoped she wasn't overwhelming Holden as only moms could do. He went back outside and handed his dad the plate along with a beer. He took a swig of his own beer as his dad started piling the steaks onto the plate. He was just turning the grill off when Holden appeared with Sean's mom right behind him. Holden was slightly hesitant so Sean smiled warmly and held his arm out for him. Like at the airport Holden moved easily into his embrace. Sean pressed a quick kiss to his cheek before turning to his father. \"Dad this is my boyfriend Holden. Holden, my dad Frank.\" Sean watched as the two most important men in his life shook hands, even if Holden had rolled his eyes at the term boyfriend. \"Well I'm sure we'll have lots to talk about but that can be done over dinner.\" The four of them headed inside where his mom had the table set up. Sean grabbed another beer from the fridge for Holden before sitting down across from him. As soon as everyone's plates were filled the questions started. \"How long have you two been seeing each other?\" Sean's mom asked. This was the question that Sean was dreading the most; the one that would show just how long he'd been lying to her. Keeping something so important from her for so long was bound to hurt. \"About three years now.\" Sean answered quietly. \"Oh\" his mom said eyes sad. Sean reached out and squeezed her hand. \"I'm really sorry that I didn't tell you. That I didn't allow myself to trust you.\" \"It's ok, Sean. I guess that explains why you never would go out with those nice ladies I introduced you to.\" She answered with forced lightness. Sean felt her sadness like a knife in his heart and he squeezed tighter trying to convey just how much he regretted it. \"Alright LeighAnn, the boy's sorry let's not waste more time regretting the past.\" Frank Jackson said firmly. \"Holden, I understand you work in real estate?\" \"Yes, sir. I acquire properties for clients. My company goes out and finds the properties that suit the client and bring the options back. We then aid in finalizing the transaction. We deal with a higher clientele than the average agency and aren't limited to the one area, we work worldwide.\" \"I guess that means a lot of travel.\" LeighAnn commented. \"A fair bit but as I am one of the senior agents I have a bit of freedom in choosing which cases to work on.\" \"Have you ever worked with celebrities?\" she continued her tone taking on the slightly whispered awe of gossip. Sean chewed his steak as he watched Holden laugh before answering. The other man's face lit up when he talked about work, about the different houses and styles and finding the right fir for the client. \"There was this one athlete I had to find a place for a few years ago. Some hotshot who did everything through his manager. This included demands for a beach front condo three of which were turned down because they didn't feel right. Of course I didn't know who this athlete was so finding a match was hard. In fact I only ever discovered this athlete's identity by accident a year later.\" Sean's mom was leaning towards Holden her steak all but forgotten. Even his dad was riveted by the tale only Sean wasn't dying to know who the mysterious athlete was. \"How'd you find out?\" Sean's dad asked. \"Who was it?\" Sean's mom asked at the same time. Sean had the uncomfortable idea that he knew the answer to both questions. \"Well this publicist often used my company and a year later I was at her office and ran into this athlete. He asked me out and we've been dating ever since.\" Holden finished with a flourish turning to smile at Sean. His parents burst into a fit of laughter and Sean just mock scowled at Holden. \"Traitor.\" He grumbled. \"It's not my fault you make for an interesting story.\" Holden answered cheekily. \"Glad to see you've gotten over your nerves at meeting my folks.\" Holden just flashed him a charming smile; the one that had ladies pulling out their cheque books to purchase whatever house Holden was offering. Sean might not be one of those women but he wasn't immune to its charm and he found himself smiling back. After all he'd rather be the butt of a joke or two than have Holden feel uncomfortable and out of place. That evening after saying goodnight to the elder Jacksons Sean and Holden were lying in bed talking softly. \"How was the talk with your dad?\" Holden asked lifting his head off Sean's chest slightly. \"It was terrifying at first but he said I was the same person still and they loved me.\" \"Your parents are amazing, Sean. So open-hearted and accepting. It's a shame more people aren't like them.\" \"By more people do you mean your parents?\" \"No, well... maybe, I mean I've accepted that the Wilsons are not accepting people.\" \"It's their loss, Holden. They are missing out on knowing an incredible, brave and intelligent man.\" \"I guess...\" Holden trailed off and Sean could tell he was thinking of the past, of damages done before they'd even met. Holden barely spoke all dinner, not that Wilson family dinners were usually boisterous affairs. He had gotten home that afternoon; home from college for Thanksgiving weekend. He pushed at the food on his plate as he thought of his self-imposed deadline. \" Holden, are you alright honey?\" his mom asked, fork paused mid-air. Now was his chance, his sister and the other relatives would be arriving tomorrow and he wanted – needed – to do this before then. Taking a deep breath he put his fork down. He had known he was gay since his sophomore year at high school but kept it a secret. It wasn't until he was away at college that he had felt comfortable being who he was. Holden had started seeing someone this year and it was this relationship that had prompted him to set this deadline for telling for telling his parents. When his mom asked if he was seeing anyone he wanted to be able to say yes and tell her all about Nathan instead of lying. \" I'm ok, but there's something I need to tell you and dad.\" \" Have you gotten a girl pregnant, Holden?\" his father asked sternly. \" No, it's got nothing to do with a girl.\" \" What is it Holden? You're making me anxious,\" his mom said reaching for her drink. \" It's something I probably should've told you sooner but I was scared so I didn't. Mom, dad, I'm gay.\" His announcement was met with silence and for a moment Holden thought that they hadn't heard him but then the hysterics began. His mom burst into tears and Holden immediately reached forward to comfort her but she jerked away from his touch and picked up her drink. She drained her martini in one long swallow and threw the empty glass across the room. Holden flinched as it broke against the wall. \" Meredith, calm down.\" Holden's father spoke with disdain but it only increased the hysterics. \"Holden, go to your room.\" Holden nodded meekly and went upstairs closing his door and sitting on his bed. Even with the door closed he could hear the fight that was starting. His mom's hysterical shrieks as she blamed all this on her husband. Holden noticed that she couldn't bring herself to say the word 'gay' and instead kept insisting that he was sick. There was silence and Holden thought that maybe that was worse than the screaming. He was staring at his hands when he heard the footsteps; heavy but sure. His dad was coming up; he stood but stayed by his bed. When the door opened he noticed that his dad was wearing his jacket and for a moment he feared his mom had suffered a heart attack. She hadn't she was at the bottom of the stairs a fresh martini in hand. \" Get your bag.\" Three words spoken in a command and then he was out of the room again. Nothing was quite registering with him and he grabbed his duffel bag in a haze. He hadn't even unpacked yet. His parents were at the bottom of the stairs speaking quietly and he stopped in front of them. \" Go to the car.\" Another order just as cold as the first. Holden turned to his mom trying to find some compassion, some love in her expression but she was blank. \" Mom...\" he please moving closer. The slap came out of nowhere, Holden hadn't even registered that she had moved her hand before it came across his face. He stumbled back raising a hand to his now stinging cheek. \" Get out of my house.\" Her words were icy cold as they washed over him; no trace of love. He turned and headed to the car and it wasn't long before his dad joined him. The ride back to his dorm was silent. No music, no conversation, certainly nothing to be thankful for. His dad didn't even bother to turn the car off just stopped and waited. Holden climbed out of the car and before he could even say goodbye his dad was gone. That was the last he had spoken to either of his parents the only other communication being a note suggesting he stay at school for Christmas. When Holden graduated the following year he convinced himself that he didn't care that his family wasn't there and moved out West. \"Hey, still with me babe?\" Sean said softly. \"Yeah, sorry just memories.\" Holden answered. \"I know it's not the same but you have a family now. You've got yourself a mom whether you want it or not. I think she might even like you more than me.\" Holden smiled before leaning up to kiss Sean softly. Sean was right he did have a family now and tonight it felt like he had finally come home.[Chapter 8] AN: This chapter is dedicated to KellyCRocker59 for always taking the time to review. Sorry for the delay in getting it up Home is Where the Heart is Holden laughed and oohed and ahhed at all the right places as LeighAnn Jackson flipped through page after page of photo albums. He saw before him Sean as a baby and watched as the pages turned and he grew into a boy and finally a young man. Sean was sprawled on a lazy boy chair in the corner of the room bemoaning the whole ordeal and pleading uselessly for his mom to put the albums away. His cheeks were tinged pink with embarrassment and every now and then he would hide his face with a pained groan. Holden looked up as LeighAnn described a particular trip they had gone on the summer before Sean started high school. He caught Sean's eyes and smiled and was relieved to see Sean grin back in return, warmth and love emanating from his eyes reassuring Holden that this was all partly an act and he didn't truly mind Holden seeing the photos. \"Sean slept the whole way out even though we were driving through beautiful scenery. We tried waking him up once and he just growled.\" LeighAnn said with a laugh. \"He's much better in the morning now.\" Holden returned. \"Me? You're the one that's nearly homicidal in the morning.\" Sean inputted with the slightest hint of a whine. \"Don't try to make Holden look bad to me, honey.\" LeighAnn scolded. Holden laughed and when LeighAnn wasn't looking stuck his tongue out in a childish gesture that had Sean's mouth dropping open. He made a gasping protesting noise but LeighAnn just assumed it was in protest to her scolding and shushed him before flipping the album page. \"Here's Sean's graduation. He had a full football scholarship to multiple schools.\" LeighAnn claimed proudly. \"Ma, he knows this. We do talk you know.\" Sean teased with a roll of his eyes. \"What was your graduation like, Holden? I bet a smart boy like you graduated with honours. Your parents must be proud.\" Holden knew she was referring to his high school graduation but an image of himself standing up to collect his college diploma and looking out to the empty seats reserved for his parents crossed his mind. He vaguely registered Sean's deep voice telling him mom it would be ok and to leave it alone. He felt a comforting hand on his leg and fought his way back to the present leaving the betrayal of his parents behind him. He blinked and offered a rueful grin that was meant to be reassuring. \"I'm sorry, love. I didn't mean to bring up painful memories.\" LeighAnn said softly. \"It's alright, you didn't know. My parents were proud I guess, in their own way but they expected me to graduate with honours so it wasn't an achievement in their eyes. When I was in college I came out to them and well that was the last I spoke to them. A gay son did not fit their lifestyle so they decided no son would be better.\" Holden could see the compassion in LeighAnn's eyes and was grateful that it was only compassion and love he saw their and not pity. He didn't want or need pity and he knew that seeing that emotion would hurt him. \"I'm not one to speak ill of people but your so-called parents are complete idiots if they threw away the chance to be in your life over something as trivial as which gender you like. You are an amazing man, Holden Wilson. All the more so for having risen above this and strived on your own. As far as I'm concerned those people were fools and I'd be honoured if you would consider me your surrogate mom.\" \"Thanks, LeighAnn. I'd like that.\" Holden managed to say softly, his throat clogged with emotion. LeighAnn just smiled and wrapped her arms around him in a tight hug that made it slightly difficult for Holden to breathe. He held on tight even as he needed oxygen because he felt safe in her embrace and that safety was worth a bit of discomfort. \"Ease up, ma. You're going to strangle my boyfriend.\" LeighAnn laughed and released Holden, stopping to pet his cheek softly before turning back to the photo album. Holden looked up to see Sean looking at them with a peculiar expression and his insecurities rushed back. He recalled Sean's comment from the night before about LeighAnn perhaps liking Holden more than Sean and he wondered if Sean felt threatened. He didn't want to make Sean upset and he didn't want him thinking he was stealing his mom away. His thoughts were jumbled and angst-ridden as he continued to look at the photos, glancing up at Sean every few minutes. It wasn't until later in the afternoon that the two of them had a chance to be alone and Holden found himself uncharacteristically nervous when Sean settled onto the couch beside him. He fidgeted with his collar since he had left the tie off that morning and wasn't surprised to find Sean's large hands enclose around his own and forcing him to release the shirt. \"You ok, Holden?\" Sean asked, his thumb rubbing circles into Holden's hand. \"Yes, just... Sean? Your mom has been really great but I don't want you to think I'm stealing her.\" \"Holden, relax. I'm secure in my relationship with my mom. I'm just glad that you two have taken so well to each other.\" \"Are you sure? You were looking at me weird before and I thought maybe...\" \"I was just surprised that you opened up to my mom that's all. Like her, I'm proud of you. You're an amazing man, Holden Wilson and I love you.\" Holden let a deep breath out as relief surged through him washing away his insecurities. He wrapped his arms around Holden's neck and pressed their lips together in a long kiss. \"I love you too, Sean Jackson.\"[Chapter 9] The Fight Holden knew he shouldn't have but he was tired and it had been a long day and well he snapped. It wasn't often that he got angry enough to yell in fact the last time he shouted at Sean he had followed it up with stalking out of the house and slamming the door on their relationship. He felt bad about yelling because if it reminded him of that last, all important fight than no doubt Sean was thinking about it too. Holden didn't want Sean to think he had any intention of leaving again but he was still mad. Frustrated really and he wasn't ready to apologize and make up just yet. It had started on the plane back to LA the day before. Sean had been concerned that having talked about his parents Holden might be upset. Holden knew it was only because he cared but all the questions making sure he was ok were a little ingratiating. He spent most of the trip dozing as Sean no doubt kept an eye on him ready to shake him awake from any nightmare he might have. Things had been tense that night but they had both explained it away as exhaustion from the trip to Texas. The following morning had started out fine and they had shared a quick breakfast before Sean drove Holden to work. Having been gone for a few days work had piled up and Holden barely had time to drink the cup of coffee his assistant had brought him. He was still deep in papers when Sean had shown up unexpectedly around noon hoping for a lunch date. Holden had been too busy but when he told Sean that the footballer had looked so upset that Holden had ignored the stack of files on his desk and gone out as long as Sean promised it would be quick. Almost an hour later Holden was back in his office and while he had enjoyed lunch he was now going to have to work late to be ready for his meeting the next morning. One of the company's top clients was looking for a new office space and Holden had a stack of properties to research further before presenting her with a pared down list. He called Sean to let him know that he'd be late and that he'd have Redmond drive him home. The conversation was short since Holden didn't want to ignore his work for much longer or he wouldn't be making it back at all that night. So when Redmond dropped him off at the condo he was tired and wanted nothing more than to relax with a glass of wine before going to bed so he'd be refreshed for the morning meeting. He wasn't expecting the young girl standing just outside the gates, her gaze fixed on the condo up the drive. Waving goodbye to his driver he slung his jacket over his arm and adjusted the grip on his briefcase. The girl turned around expectantly and Holden saw that she was gripping a jersey in her hand. Looking closer he saw it was one of Sean's old ones from a few years back. Her grin faltered when she saw that it was only Holden and not Sean. Then the grin was back and she took a step closer to Holden before speaking. \"OMG! You're the reason he did it, aren't you? You're Sean Jackson's boyfriend.\" The girl was smiling widely and her comment took Holden off guard. \"I'm sorry I don't mean to be stalkerish it's just well when Sean Jackson came out like that – to the whole world – well he gave me the courage to tell my parents.\" The girl's grin turned almost shy and Holden found himself smiling at her. \"I'm glad you were able to do that, it takes courage to come out.\" Holden told the girl. He was distracted by the sound of the gate opening and Sean coming out in sweats and a threadbare t-shirt. He wore a scowl and Holden knew this was not going to end well. He watched in horror as Sean practically ripped the jersey out of the awed girl's hands. He scrawled his name over the silk of the jersey before tossing it back to her. \"There's your autograph now kindly remove yourself from my property.\" Sean said tightly. The girl's eyes widened in shock and Holden felt both bad for her and embarrassed for Sean. \"Sean!\" he reprimanded. Holden turned to apologise to the girl only to find that she was already taking off down the darkened driveway. When he turned back around Sean looked apologetic as he well should. \"I'm sorry, Holden. I don't want you to have to deal with these things. The crazy fans...\" \"What?\" Holden asked shocked. \"The girl. I'm sorry she bothered you.\" Sean explained. \"You think that's what is bothering me? She was polite and kind. All she wanted was to thank you for giving her courage and you acted like a complete asshole. She wasn't bothering anybody and then you stomp out here like Mr Big Shot too good for the likes of us.\" Holden snapped. Anger buzzing through his veins thoughts of a glass of wine turned to a desire for something stronger and he stalked up to the condo leaving Sean at the gate. By the time Sean made it back to the house Holden had drunk down a finger of scotch neat and stepped into the shower. He let the hot water pound into him as his anger and frustration calmed. He knew Sean was only trying to be protective but Holden was a grown man and didn't need a protector. Climbing out of the shower he towelled off and wrapping it around his waist walked into the bedroom. Sean was sitting on the chair in the corner of the room with a haunted look on his face. With a sigh Holden crossed to sit on the bed facing Sean. \"Sean, I'm sorry for yelling but you were incredibly rude out there.\" \"I know, I just...\" \"I'm not finished. I know you just want to protect me but I need you to treat me like an equal. I knew from day one that I was going to need to deal with fans and press and I've accepted that.\" \"I'm sorry, Holden. I guess I just wanted to make sure that it wasn't too much. I don't want to lose you again.\" Sean said quietly. Holden nodded his head in understanding and crossed over to where he sat in the chair. He leaned down and pressed a quick kiss to his lips before pulling back. \"I love you, Sean, but I'm going to bed now. I have an important meeting in the morning and I don't want to stress over this anymore.\" Sean nodded and Holden felt his eyes on him as he moved around the room getting ready for bed. Sean stayed in the chair even as Holden climbed into bed. Feeling bad Holden shoved all lingering frustrations aside and smiled over at Sean. \"Are you coming to bed? I'm lonely in here all by myself.\" Sean smiled gratefully and lifted himself out of the chair. \"I guess I could help with that.\" The footballer slid under the sheets and immediately collected Holden in his arms. Holden sighed and leaned into his touch. \"I'm sorry, Holden.\" Sean whispered against his hair. \"I know.\"[Chapter 10] Title: Simple Determination Pairing: Sean Jackson and Holden Wilson Rating: PG13 Words: Disclaimer: Fiction as in made up. AN: Final chapter. Thank you for sticking with it. I thought this was an ideal day to post the final chapter. Sean Jackson was a man with determination. When he knew what he wanted he almost always got it simply because he was determined to do everything in his power to get it. As his calved burned from pounding along the sand at a punishing pace Sean was determined to make it up to Holden. He knew the first thing he had to do was put the fear aside. If he kept thinking that Holden was going to get overwhelmed or change his mind it was going to become a self-fulfilling prophecy. Sean did not want that so as he slowed to a jog when condo came in to sight he let go. He loved Holden and Holden loved him. He had to trust that it would be enough. Of course there was still last night's fiasco with the girl to deal with but Sean had an idea of how to make amends with Holden on that front. In hindsight he could see that the girl had been harmless and Sean wasn't exactly proud of his behaviour. Some days the stress of being pro made him act like he was indeed above it all which why he was so happy with Holden. Holden kept his feet on the ground and even when he was at the top of the game Holden hadn't let it go to his head. Usually he was better at controlling it and he could avoid outbursts like the night before. He had been lucky it was only the girl there and not some paparazzi or reporter. He could just imagine the tabloid headlines. Gay Footballer Verbally Abuses Young Girl Yes, Sean had definitely been lucky. Holden let his head drop back against the headrest with a tired sigh his eyes falling closed in an attempt to stifle an oncoming headache. On the front seat Redmond, attuned as ever to his needs, turned the music down to a soft hum. \"To the condo, sir?\" he asked and Holden nodded agreeing with a soft yes. Redmond often drove him home especially on days Sean had training. The elder gentleman was a god-send with a sympathetic ear and discreet mouth. Holden and Sean had trusted the man with their secret and he had never once regretted that. It had been another long day with the meeting taking up all of his morning. He had worked through lunch so that he'd make it home for dinner. Sean had called in the afternoon to see how his meeting had gone and tell him to try and make it home for dinner because he had a surprise for him. The phone call had left him surprised and intrigued. He had almost expected Sean to be pouting from their fight instead of so accepting. He felt bad about underestimating the man and pushed those though aside. Once he arrived at the condo he thanked Redmond and opened the gate. Holden noticed that Sean's SUV was out front and wondered if it the surprise involved going out. Sean usually parked the vehicle around the side only leaving it out front when it was going to used again soon. He didn't want to spoil Sean's plans but Holden wasn't really up to going out that night and he hoped that wasn't the case. \"Sean? I'm home.\" He called out as he entered the house. He heard Sean speaking to someone before he appeared in the hallway in jeans and a t-shirt with a smile on his face. Sean greeted him with a kiss and took his briefcase away putting it on the side table in the foyer. \"Come, there's someone I want you to meet.\" Sean grinned like a little boy as he tugged on his arm making Holden laugh. In the living room seated on the large leather couch with a can of Sprite was a young girl. Holden was embarrassed to admit that his first thought was 'oh shit, Sean had an illegitimate daughter; but then the shock of finding a teenager in the house wore off and he recognised her as the girl from the night before. \"Holden, I'd like you to meet Annabelle. Annabelle, this is Holden.\" The girl – Annabelle – stood up and awkwardly struck her hand out which Holden automatically reached forward and shook even as he was a bit confused. Had Annabelle stopped by the condo again? \"I'm sorry to intrude. I told Sean it wasn't necessary for me to stay.\" \"Don't worry, Annabelle. You're not intruding at all.\" Holden reassured Annabelle not wanting her to feel intrusive even if he was still a bit confused. \"I apologised to Annabelle for being so rude last night and offered her a tour of the condo in apology. She was just telling me about coming out to her parents.\" Sean explain somewhat. Holden nodded accepting that for the time being knowing that after she left Sean would explain the rest. They all sat back down and chatted a bit more before Annabelle announced she needed to be getting home. Sean took her home and while he was gone Holden cleared away their drink and got himself a glass of wine. It wasn't long before the door was opening and Sean had returned. The footballer walked back into the living room and flopped himself onto the couch beside Holden. \"Hey babe, how was work?\" \"Don't you 'how's work' me. What was all that?\" Holden said with a laugh. \"I realised you were right and I felt bad about being such an as so I found her and apologised and well you know the rest.\" \"How'd you even find her? She never even mentioned her name.\" \"Well it was hard but I knew she couldn't live far since she walked and I knew most houses were not families so I just went to the others and tried them all. It took awhile.\" Holden just stared at Sean in compete shock before bursting out in laughter. \"You're crazy, Sean Jackson.\" He said between laughs. \"I was an ass, I needed to apologise.\" Sean said with a shrug. Holden smiled and leaned forward to capture Sean's lips with his own. He couldn't help thinking that it had been done in true Sean Jackson fashion; extreme in its methods but quite simple. Just like announcing in a live broadcast that he was gay. This was the man he'd fallen in love with and the man he had come home for. The End. ","Summary":" Simple It was a simple flower, a soft yellow, but then Sean had always been a simple man. It was on"},{"Movie":"Adventures of Sharkboy and Lavagir...","Title":"adventers of sharkboy and lavagirl love story ( protect you) a fanfic","Author":"Isabel ruiz","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8703813","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Lavagirls pov - It's hard to believe that it's been only 10 weeks since Max saved planet drool... but not everything about me has been going ok i'v been having mixed feelings for sharkboy and i want to tell him but I can't... it would ruin our friendship. And I hear max is coming today. ( Later max comes.) I saw max come... but someone was with him. He had told me about her she was very pretty right away I knew who it was, It was Marissa, she was the one who had saved us She still has the crystal around her neck... But how did she get here? Then max came over. \" Hay max!\" I say sharkboy is just drooling over Marissa. I zap him with lava. \" HAY!\" Truthly I was just jealous. Man, now I bet I will never be able to tell him. Then he comes up to max. \" Who's the hot friend?\" He asked my hair turned to fire. \" Remember the one who killed Mr. Electric? This is her her name is marissa.\" She smiled at him, he smiled back then Sharkboy turned to me and saw my hair in flames. \" LAVAGIRL! Are you ok?\" I didn't answer. He cooled my hair and I ran to the valcanos. That was alittle embarresing. Sharkboys POV - What the heck was that!? Then max says. \" I'll get her..\" But I grab his arm. \" Ill try.\" I say. I run up there and I see her. I realize how beautiful she is but I was always having my mind turn back on Mressia. \" Hay LG, what happened back there?\" I say but she is silent. \" Nothing... why would there be?\" She asks. \" You can't fool me we've been here for sooo long and i know all your secrets.\" I say she smiles. \" NOTHING! THERES NOTHING WRONG!\" She says, but I can see her pain. Somthing was getting to her. \" Please! I know somthings wrong.\" I say.[Chapter 2] But nothing, \" HAY! LG PLEASE.\" I yell she turns around. \" HAY why don't go kiss merissa and don't worry about me!\" She says, and she runs from the valcano. \" LG.\" I run to her. \" Whats wrong with me liking a girl?!\" I ask, but no answer and she turns around a leaves. Why is she acting like this? I need max to go into this. Then I get back and See merissa. So beautiful. Lavagirls POV - I was on one of the ighest valcanos and saw sharkboy, he kept cheking out Merissa. Uh tears disalved down my face! I just wish I became haf shark! Then i could be with him. But theres no way. I just cried. But then a shadow of darkness came over the sky! uh-oh, It's Mr. Electric! I thought he died! He grabed me with his claw. and took me to his layer. \" WHAT DO YOU WANT WITH ME!\" I ask. \" Oh nothing love, we just want sharkboy!\" He says. \" Then why do you have me!\" I ask, \" Because, if we have you then he will know your missing! And will come to your side!\" He says. \" NO HE WON'T! He can't!\" I say. \" BUT OH YES HE CAN!\" And he leaves me tied up there. What could I do? I just yelled \" HELP! HELP!\" I yell.[Chapter 3] \" Help!\" Uh what am I saying! I can't yell help! He'll come for me! Sharkboys POV - I was beginning to feel guilty for lavagirl. BUT WHERE IS SHE!? \" Uh Max where is lavagirl!\" I yell in tarorr.. \" I don't know.\" Then Merissa says, \" Perhaps I can help with my crystal heart.\" She says \" Ok. As long as you can save her!\" Then she raises her crystal in the air and says. \" Oh dear crystal heart show us where lavagirl is now.\" Then A bubble comes out showing my girl tied to a poline. \" NO! back they've got her!\" I say. I won't let them do this. \" I got to save her!\" But merissa says. \" Wait! Take my crystal kiss it will keep you protected!\" I come closer and she gives me a kiss it glows. And I leave with her gift. Then a dark cloud comes closer. And comes. \" Don't step anyfather!\" hE says. \" NO I WON'T!\" I yell, i'm in love with her! \" No why did you do this!?\" I say but he grabs me. \" Look your girlfriend won't stand a chance against me!\" I go into a shark frenzy and bite his cercets. \" OWWW!\" He says And he lets go. I yell. \" I'M COMING FOR YOU LAVAGIRL!\" I say.[Chapter 4] sharkboys POV - I ran for over a mile, then I found Layer, \" LAvagirl!\" Then I try to unrope her, and then I hear say \" I wouldn't do that!\" I jump down from the pole and then I step on some trap, and a cell falls from the ceiling. and i'm stuck there. \" hahahaha!\" He says, \" LET ME OUT! LET ME OUT!\" I get really mad, and go into a shark frenzy and try to break the bars. But no use. ANd he says with a smirk. \" I made it sharkproof. So anything you do to try to get out just makes the bars stronger!\" He says, \" And now to take care of lavagirl.\" And he puts her under a spell, \" LAVAGIRL! NO!\" \" hahaha!\" And she wakes up, her hair turned from a beautiful purple, to a evil looking red. And then her whole body turns a dark black. \" WHAT DID YOU DO?!\" I ask, \" She is under a evil spell, now she will follow everthing I say!\" She falls from the pole and come to the bars. I wisper to her. \" lavagirl, snap out of it! Your under a spell!\" But still nothing, then says. \" Come lavagirl.\" And then lavagirl turns to him and says, \" Yes master.\" And walks away. \" P-please lavagirl.\" And the lights go out. ( with max.) Maxes POV - \" Hay Merissa, can you look on your crystal heart and see where sharkboy is?\" I ask and she says, \" Of corse, Crystal heart show us where sharkboy is.\" A image comes up with sharkboy in a cell. \" HE'S IN layer!\" I say, then Merissa says, \" We must go and save him!\" She says, then I remember someone we met before.. MINUS! He can help us. \" Hay merrissa, lets get minus to help!\" She gives a steady nod and we leave.[Chapter 5] Maxes POV - We go to where minus lives, and we yell \" MINUS!\" And then in a flash, he runs over. \" Whats up max?\" He asks, \" Look, we've got a situation. Sharkboy's in trouble and we're probly gonna need your help.\" Then he says, \" Ok i'll come.\" He says, and me,merissa and minus get to the layer. we where by the door. when mr eletric comes out and merissa makes us invisable. And we hear him say to his assitant. \" I'v got them.\" We get in, and sneak to the middle of the layer. And we see the cage that sharkboy was in he was sitting on the floor. And merissa wispers, \"psss, sharkboy!\" and he see's us, \" GUYS over here!\" We come in and see him, \" Wheres lavagirl?\" I ask then he says, \" put a evil spell on her!\" He says, \" Ok, we will take care of that but now we have to get you out.\" Minus says, then minus puts in. \" I think I can help. Power spell! It is a spell that is so strong it can break anything from steel to gold.\" He uses the spell, and break him free. Then lavagirl comes in, \" WHOA! dont you nock! And sharkboy gets close to her. \" lavagirl! It's me sharky.\" He says. \" SHARKBOY DON'T!\" she throw a fireball, but merissa blocks it. And then comes in, \" humph, well what do we have here?\" We shiver, \" Just give us the girl!\" sharkboy says, \" Fine, but I want somthing in return.\" Then sharkboy says, \" Fine, if you let her go.. I'll be your survant.\" Then Minus says. \" NO!\" Then says. \" deal.\" He breaks the spell and the minute he does she falls to the ground and passes out, \" lavagirl!\" sharkboy shouts, \" Ok our deal?\" Sharkboy walks up to him, and then when it seem's like he is going to, he bits his curcuts. \" OW you'll pay! You want her! Go get her!\" He makes a portal to a forest and throws her in there. \" NOOOOO!\" we all say, we jump in. sharkboys POV - As we fall, I grab her so she wouldn't get hurt I carried her bridal style again. And as we all fall we say \" AHHHHHH!\" Then we hit the ground, She was ok. But I was alittle bruised. \" Is everyone ok?!\" Merrissa says, \" Yeah I guess.\" We get up and I lay her on the floor, \" LAVAGIRL! Wake up!\" I shake her carefully, and then she gets up. \" Sharkboy! Oh i'v never been so glad to see anyone!\" we hug romatically. \" Uh guys this is no time to celabrate!\" Max says We look up and see huge green monsters. \" C'mon crew!\" Max says, max punches 6 of um out, merrissa freezes some, minus confuses them with his cykick powers. And I bit some. And lavagirl melts them.[Chapter 6] sharkboys POV - We walk and Merrissa asks, \" Where are we?\" and max says, \" It is a forest a the bottem of planet drool. It's where all the monsters live.\" And we look up and see huge rocks fall, me,max,andminus ran into a bush. and we sit there, \"where are lavagirl and merrissa?!\" I ask max, and I look up and see them trying to find us. ANd see a REALLY big bolder coming for them \" LAVAGIRL! I got to go out there!\" ANd max says, \" NO, you'll kill yourself!\" the bolder hits them nocking them out. and then the rocks stop falling, And we run to them, \" Are they still alive?\" askes minus, I put my ear to lavagirls heart it was still beating, \" Lavagirls ok.\" I say, and max cheks merrissa, \" Merrissa is ok.\" and we try to wake hem up but nothing. Then a dark cloud comes, and it was . \" You'll never get them awake! These rocks are confusion rocks.\" Minus says \" Confuse rocks can nock anyone out, way you can awake them is if where out of this forest.\" And the cloud says, \" Thats right my boy, and if they don't wake up, they die of starvation!\" and then sharkboy says, \" WAIT! Maybe if I kissed her it would wake her up!\" I say, \" worth a shot.\" says minus. I cupped her head and gave her a gental kiss, and she woke up. Lavagirls POV - My vison was blurry, and then when it came clear I saw sharkboy. I got up.[Chapter 7] regular POV - It was alittle acward to them. \" Yeah uhem...\" sharkboy says in a tone and they keep walking. Merrissa was not waking up, and there was ONE last hope. Or everybody would loose her. They went to A enchanted tree, it would give the power to grant any wish. ( After a mile walking.) Lavagirl falls, \" Woa are you ok baby- I MEAN UH UM...\" And max covers for him \" Lavagirl!\" And sharkboy says \" Yeah that...\" max and minus roll there eyes. Execpt lavagirl, who smiled at sharkboys ackwardness. \" Yeah i'm ok...\" She puts her hand on her forhead. Then all of the sudden there was thunder in a distant. The roar gets Sooo loud the floor shaks lavagirl falls but she gets up with the help of sharkboy again. Then thunder got reaallllyy close and sharkboy says, \" TAKE COVER!\" they all run and lavagirl runs and she falls and sprains her ankle. \" HELP!\" Sharkboy carrys her in a bush. And the others were in another bush. \" Ow it really hurts.\" She says. And sharkboy touches her anke and she says \" OW OW OW!\" And he says, \" OK OK!\" at this rate it looked like things where not going well for the gang.[Chapter 8] regular POV - Then Sharkboy saw something called healing mud. Then he smoothed it on lavagirls ankle and it healed and then They whent outside. It was windy.\"WE GOT TO STOP THIS THUNDER!\" Says lavagirl. Then sharkboy got an ideha,\" I KNOW! We could block it out.\" Sharkboy said,\"Your shure that will work or it will just JAM our ears!\" It was really loud when sharkboy used block out power. But he did it anyways, Then the thunder stopped. And the wind. \" I DID IT!\" They huged and then Lavagirl peeked under the bush where minis,max and merrissa where hiding. \"GUYS! ITS OK!\" Then they come out. \"What happened?\" Merissa was still nocked out. \" Sharkboy, he blocked everything out.\" Then they kept walking. ( meanwhile, was watching them in his eletrical feild ball.) \"UUUUHHH!\" He said in frusttrasion. Then his assitant the gost of fear said,\"Well sir?\" Then said, \"It seems that Sharkboy is very powerful then I thought...\" Then the gost says,\" A-Actually sir he does so well because he knows hes protecting lavagirl.\" Then says,\"THEN! If he loves her so much and hes his strongest when lavagirl is around... then I bet he is at his weakest when she is not there!\" The gost of fear was confused. \"And your point is?\" \" IM SAYIN WE'LL JUST HAFTO DESTROY LAVAGirl!\"' to be continued...[Chapter 9] regular POV - The gost finally gets his point and says,\" AH! Ok.\" Then with sharkboy and the others, the healing mud had helped lavagirl. And they kept walking when they came apon a dark purple forse field. Minus looked with emazment,\"Whoa, what is this?\" Asked max, then minus replyed, \"Its one of forcfields, if you touch it you'll get the shock of your life.\" Then Max said, \"OH C'MON! it cant be THAT bad...\" Then sharkboy aproches the forcefield and touches it. then he got shocked the forcefield making a buzzing sound. Sharkboy stepped back and said, \" W-Well maybe it is That bad.\" Lvagirl giggled at sharkboys ackwardness again. Then sharkboy blushed with embarresment said playfully to lavagirl,\"HAY! Its not funny!\" And she said while giggling,\"Actually it kindof is.\" sharkboys POV - HUH! Great way to impress her sharkboy... then lavagirl said,\"Relax im just kidding!\" witch caused me to blush even more. then minus said,\"Maybe I can tap into Mr. ELetrics system..\" There was some pannel thing and he pushed buttons when he finally turned it off, we all high fived when it suddenly went dark... It was conpleately dark I wasnt passed out at all, we where all awake when we saw the purple cloud in a disdants, then Mr eletric came out of it and he seemed to be it up. \"Well well well, sharkboy. I see you and your girlfriend have found your way onto the other side of the forest...\" and he grabs me with his claw and I sqirm to get out of his grip. \" LET -M-ME G-GO...\" he was squeezing me, then lavagirl said, \"DONT DO THAT!\" And she comes forward. And in a crunching voice I said,\" W-What aaare you doing L-LG! Just let me die!\" Then she shakes me her head. She said,\" Take me instead, sharkboy can stay...\" then he drops me on the floor. \"Well, you've came to your senses..\" and he picks her up. and as she comes off the ground I grab her by the legs. \"SHARKBOY! WHAT ARE YOU DOING!\" and I say,\"saving you!\" and she smiles but shakes me off. then all of the sudden, she blows lava in his face. \"OW!\" and he drops her. to the ground,\"LAVAGIRL!\" I yell she is sorta out of it, LG had scraps on her face and was very weak. and jumps away,\"Guys go ahead.\" I say, then minus and max and merrissa ( still nocked out.) leave. and, I sit next to her, I shed a tear nd I wip it. \"H-hay LG, how you feeling?\" and her eyes open, \"Ok I guess...\" and she comes close to me, \" you did it! Hes gone!\" I said, \" Yeah.\" and she smiles. \" Lets keep going.\" I said, and I helped her up and we went to minus. to be continued...[Chapter 10] Lavagirls POV - I got up by sharkboys hand, and got up and walked. We had camped out and witch I saw the stars and I sat down on a rock. then I heard sharkboy coming over. \" Hi. . . Im really sorry about merrissa.\" He said outta the blue. Then I turn to him. \"Its ok sharkie. . . I guess . . . Well\" his eyebrows went up. \" You guess what?\" He asked and came and sat down. \" Nothing. . .\" I said backing down. Then I shed a tear, he mustve noticed. \"Hay, your choked up whats wrong?\" he asked. \"I-I um. I just dont want you to die out here. I care that you dont lose your life.\" Then he smirks and said, \"So, what im here is. You care about me?\" and I turn around. and I throw a rock at him. ' HA YOU DO CARE!\" he says back at me. \" WELL MAYBE ITS BECAUS I LIKE YOU!\" then his mouth dropped. and I fast run up a hill. but he was holding onto my leg. \" LAVAGIRL!\" and I stop at a tree. \"What, so now that you know your gonna make fun of me!\" and he shakes his head. \"No LG id never make fun of you. ever.\" and I look at him. \" Y-You wouldnt?\" and he comes closer. \"Never, and I sorta like you to.\" and he blushes. \" Ok, so are we going out?\" \"Yes, I want us to.\" and he picks me up and kisses my cheek. then all of the sudden the flowers in the forest start growning bigger.[Chapter 11] Lavagirls POV - I noticed the flowers in the forest got bigger, in fact now they where bigger then sharkboy. Then they started not even looking like flowers. THEY became wires. Then I heard a voice. \"HAHAHA! Now iv got you right where I want ya.\" Sharkboy put me down beind him and said, \"WHOS THERE!?\" Sharkboy asked, \"does it matter! Now, say hello to my wire ropes!\" Before I knew it, a wire grabbed me and sharkboy and threw us in the air. \"help!\" I yelled, I tried to melt the wires. No use. Then I felt a big hand grab me. It was . \" SO, I think you should come with ME.\" said, \" HA you make me laugh, I would never go with you!\" I said, \" EITHER YOU COME WITH ME OR SHARKBOY WILL DIE PERMENETLY!\" He said, I suddenly noticed sharkboy was wrapped in wires. ANd he was being squeezed, he was losing air. \"Sharkboy!\" I yelled, I got steamed. and blew fire into circits. \" LET HIM GO!\" I said, then he said, \" wow little lady, you put up a fight. But we can arrange it.\" He smirked. said to sharkboy, \" I'll just take her instead. \" He went into a shark frenzy. and bit his foot. then he threw me on the floor. And me and sharkboy ran. then he pulled a wand outta his circuts. And a ray of blue light came out of it and he aimed it at me. then i saw a light. I looked down my feet where turning to stone![Chapter 12] Lavagirls POV - \"OH MY GOSH! Whats happening to me!\" I yelled. sharkboy said, \"I dont know but we gotta get you outta here!\" He got his sharkmobile and we got on and took off. Then we eventually lost him. We stoped at a cave. Sharkboy was almost outta breath. \" I-i think we lost him.\" He said. \"let me carry you to the cave.\" he took me in it and sat me down. \" Ok what happened to you and why?\" He asked. Then before I could answer We saw max,linus. And Merrissa. But why wasnt she passed out still? Max was outta breath to. \" GUYS! We just saw in the forest and he - whoa uh, what happen to lavagirls feet!\" Then Sharkboy said,\"LONG STORY! Linus do you know whats wrong with her legs?\" Linus waled in and sat on the floor to look. \" I think put a kalyhigh spell on her.\" Sharkboy yelled, \"WHATTTT!\" I just sat there.[Chapter 13] regular pov - Linus fixed lavagirl, then headed off. they walked until Merrissa led us to a path. \" WHere are we?\" sharkboy asked. \"WHen we where trying to get away from we found this path that leads home. Of corse we where gonna get you first.\" Merrissa said. \" Thanks.\" Me and sharkboy said. We where so greatful we had best friends. And this was a great edventcher. When our feet touched the path we saw a bright light. the next then we knew, we where home. \"WE DID IT!\" Sharkboy said. He picked me up and spun me around. And then kissed me. We where never happier. I was so glad we where home. And in the meantime. . . . I dont think we will wont see . (13 years leter) Sharkboy and lavagirl where married, they now live there lifes with there 4 kids. They do not hve powers anymore, and live there lifes on earth. But not a day goes by that they dont think about planet drool. And there edventchers. THE END. ","Summary":" Lavagirls pov - It's hard to believe that it's been only 10 weeks since Max saved planet drool... b"},{"Movie":"A Monster in Paris Un monstre à Pa...","Title":"A strange night","Author":"TheKatInBlack","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10146650","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ok, this is my first fanfic ever. If you find any grammar mistakes please forgive me, English it's not my first language. Francoeur laid wide awake in his bed despite the late hour. Earlier that day Lucille and Madame Carlotta had gone to visit some friends and would return in a week. Leaving him at home for the time being. Pondering on possible activities to occupy his time, Francoeur considered writing a new song, but he had spent a big part of his day doing just that and his mind had gone blank. So, without anything else to do, he just stayed in bed trying to fall asleep, which wasn't quite easy for him, with the thought of being the only living creature inside that house crawling at the back of his mind, due to the eerie silence that seemed to cover the entire house. After a few seemingly endless minutes of failed attempts at sleeping, Francoeur heard a few rain drops fall on the window. He stood up and walked toward the window. It was beginning to rain. Francoeur loved to see the rain falling, he loved to hear it too. Each drop made a different sound, depending on where it fell, and all together made a melody that was always beautiful and never repeated. He smiled, while the melody of a new song began to play in his head. By the time the rain became a storm Francoeur was almost done with the lyrics for the new song. Unfortunately, the sound of a thunder made him hurry back to bed, terribly frightened by the noise. Shortly after that, the storm became much worse, with numerous lightning flashing trough the sky and loud thunder roaring shortly after and a howling wind kicking at the windows. Forcing a combination that was scaring the life out of Francoeur as he tried to decrease his fears by clenching his blanket as tightly as possible. Suddenly, the window was shot open by the wind as a loud thunder has heard. Francoeur's head almost hit the ceiling as he jumped frightened; but as soon as he reached the floor, and recovered from the shock, he rushed to the window, closed it and went back to the bed, luckily falling asleep as the lightnings and thunders retreated from the storm. Leaving just the rain, the wind, a trail of water that reached beneath Francoeur's bed and a little creature that was now sleeping there. Hope you liked it. P.S.: I hope you like this one better ChuckNorris'ssister[Chapter 2] Ok, thanks for the reviews, I promise I'll make my best. I tried to improve my grammar in this chapter, although I'm not entirely sure If I succeeded. Hope you like it. The next day. Francoeur POV I had just finished eating breakfast when someone knocked the door, it was Raul, he told me that he would come and check if everything was alright whenever he could while Lucille was away, Maud and Charles were going to do that too but the first turn was Raul's. -Hello Francoeur, how are you doing?- He asked I answered that I was ok,although I knew that he only heard chirps and purrs. But he understood what I meant to say. -Do you want to come and help me with some errands?- he asked and I nodded without a second thought, now I wouldn't have to think what to do with my free time, at least for most of the day. Soon after the water level of the Seine returned to normal Raul fixed Catherine and began working again, sometimes inviting me to go and help him with some of the errands. We spent most of the day together and had lunch with Maud and Emile at a small restaurant near the cinema, before sunset Raul brought me home, and as soon as he was out of sight I opened the door; when I did, I found the most shocking thing of my life. Ok, I'll try to update as soon as possible, hope you liked it.(I'll try to make next chapter longer)[Chapter 3] Sorry for not updating sooner, I was very busy. Hope you like it. Note:*action*, ''word'', thought (not for the POV). Francoeur's POV The living room. . . . . .was a mess. Most of the curtains were torn, there were cushions lying everywhere, the couch was torn, and there were many things lying all across the floor, some were even broken! ''WHAT HAPPENED?!'', how could something like this happen?, I locked the door when I left so no one entered the house while I wasn't there. So how could som- ''Five more minutes please.'' . . . Who said that? As I looked around the house I saw a creature lying on a cushion. Once I got closer to it, I realized that it was a cat. Its fur was black with a few grey stripes and a white chest, the point of its tail was white too. I thought it looked really cute and -wait a minute, that cat was the cause of all this mess . How could this little creature do this to Lucille's house? I have to fix everything before anyone comes and see this chaos but, what if I can't fix everything before someone comes? or before Lucille returners? What am I going to do if Lucille arrives and see the house like this? What if Lucille gets angry with me because of this? What if everyone gets angry with me because of all this mess? What if the get so mad at me that they don't what me around anymore? ''I DON'T WANT THAT TO HAPPEN!'' No one's POV Francoeur was so distracted with thinking about a way to realign the whole house before anyone could noticed; despite not even knowing if the rest of the house was in the state of the living room; that he didn't realized he was being watched by the cat. Which woke up a few seconds after hearing Francoeur's panic scream, and surprisingly didn't have a heart attack. OK, he's overreacting. I better just walk away quickly before he even notices that I exist. The cat though while watching Francoeur and delicately walking away from the scene. Unfortunately for it, Francoeur did noticed the poor feline as it tried to sneak out. He wasn't sure why but something within him urged him to prevent such thing from happening. And so, before the cat could reach the nearest window, Francoeur caught it. His victory was short lived tho, for the feline in his hands bit and scratched him so fiercely that the poor giant had left with no option but to release him. Locking the window first, that is A so the persecution began. Every exit the cat found was blocked by the flea, who's success in caging the little beast often resulted in new claw marks decorating his clothes every time he blocked an exit. This continued for about half an our and ended only because both of them were exhausted. Before the cat tried to escape again, Francoeur caught it and this time the insufferable feline didn't fought back but looked at him with defiant eyes. ''You know, for a moment I though that I wouldn't be able to catch you but I guess I was wrong he-he'' Francoeur said, his only answer was the silence. He raised an eyebrow wondering why the cat seemed to be mad at him when it was its fault that the house looked so terrible. ''Oh come on! Did you really think that I was going to let you go after all the mess you caused, you'll stay with me until we fix everything, Ok'' said Franc cheerfully, now it was the cat's turn to rise an eyebrow. We?[Chapter 4] OK, here is the next chapter, thanks for the reviews. Hope you like it. Cat POV Yesterday night a huge storm began while I was looking for a nice place to sleep, thunders scare me a lot so I looked quickly for a shelter and ended up in someone's house, luckily nobody noticed me, I slept under someone's bed, but it was OK, it was warm and dry and that was enough for me. Today after I woke up I realized that there was nobody in the house so I checked the place and liked it. I found some very good food in the kitchen and after that played around for a while; I guess that I got so tired after playing around that I fell asleep on a cushion because next thing I new, there was someone in the house walking in circles and talking so fast that I couldn't understand what he was saying, but he definitely wasn't pleased with the results of my games. He looked quite strange for a normal human, beginning with the fact that he was around 7 feet tall, but there was something strange about him that made me want to get out of the house before he noticed me, probably it was the fact that he was overreacting in an exaggerated way but I was sure there was something else. Before I managed to escape he caught me and blocked the window, obviously he didn't know that we cats have fangs and claws; unfortunately, my suspicions got confirmed the second after I bit him, or better said IT, because when he let me free I pulled his glove out and saw something that could be anything BUT a human hand. Terrified like never in my life I ran trough the whole house looking for an exit but that. . . that. . . monster blocked every exit I found and tried to catch me! Even though I fought back it did't surrender and kept trying to catch me over and over again; whenever it wanted to eat me or not? I wasn't sure, but I didn't want to find out. After a long while, half an our maybe, I realized that the monster was exhausted but it wasn't such a good new because I was so exhausted I could barely move and before I could even think of another way to escape; guess what. IT. CAUGHT. ME! I was just so tired I didn't even tried to escape again, it just wouldn't surrender, but I wasn't afraid of it anymore, actualy, I was very annoyed by the whole monster and cat persecution. It talked to me, I was a bit surprise that it could talk like humans an- wait a minute!; a monster? In Paris? I heard the humans talking about something like that months ago; could it be that I was staring at the giant flea everyone was scared of just a few months ago? The one that turned out to be harmless ? I almost got scared to death by someone who couldn't say 'shoo' to a goose!? I was already shocked because of what I realized that when he said that I would have to stay with him until everything was restored I couldn't help to rise a eyebrow. We ? How exactly were we going to restore all the damaged things? And why was he looking so cheerful? OK, maybe he was just happy and I was just being paranoid, but, it still seemed like he wanted to eat me. . . . By the way, in case you are wondering why our feline friend have been known so far as 'cat' is because I still don't have a name for him but I'll give him one in the next chapter. Hope you liked it.[Chapter 5] Ok, thanks for the reviews. Sorry if there are grammar mistakes. And thanks to mk94, for the name of the cat. Hope you like it. As soon a Francoeur got up, with the cat in his hands, he looked at the clock and realized that it was rather late already. '' I guess we're gonna have to begin tomorrow, it's around bed time already'' He got up and directed to bed when the growl of his stomach reminded him of something else '' and I haven't had dinner yet''. Changing his coordinates, Francoeur yawned and walked towards the kitchen without noticing that the cat's look of utter terror as it looked a the flea with its eye big like plates. This is it, he's going to eat me , the cat thought while pondering of the horrendous thoughts that his captor was machinating inside his head. Francoeur POV I didn't knew that it was so late (pass ten o'clock in case you're wondering), I hope monsieur cat didn't turn the kitchen into a chaos too; wait. . . I still don't know what's its name. I forgot to ask that too. No one POV When Francoeur suddenly stopped the cat looked at him, wondering if he had chosen the method of its doom. ''What's your name?'' Francoeur asked with a curious look; the cat definitely didn't see that coming. ''You're kidding right?'' the cat said, almost having a nervous tic. ''No, I'm not kidding. Do you even have a name at least?'' ''I can't believe your- wait, you can understand what I'm saying?'' It seemed like there would be a lot of surprises during its time with the flea. ''Yes, yes I can, and you can understand what I say too'' Francoeur answered, wondering why the cat didn't realized about that before. '' You mean humans can't understand what you say?'' Now the cat was beginning to wonder when the surprises of that day (or night) would be over. ''Well, not really, unless I sing, but they understand what I mean to say'' ''You're Monsieur Francoeur, The guitarist and singer of the cabaret 'The rare bird', right?'' ''Yes and. . .you haven't told me your name yet'' ''I never had one or anyone to call me by one'', said the cat as if having a name wasn't something important. ''Can I give you a name?'' , asked Francoeur innocently. ''What do you have in mind?'' ''Rude'' Francoeur made the suggestion with the most innocent of the intentions but, obviously, it wasn't well taken. ''WHAT DO YOU MEAN WITH 'RUDE' THAT'S NOT EVEN A NAME!'', the cat shouted angrily at Francoeur, who didn't seemed to be affected by the complaint at all. ''Why can't it be name?'', asked Francoeur with the same curious look of before, as if the cat never shouted to him. ''Why do you think it can be a name?'' Said the cat looking very angry. Thoughts of impending doom now machinating against the flea. ''My name is Francoeur, it means honest heart, and Lucille says that I'm a very honest person. You see, my name means something that is characteristic of me, and so far the most characteristic thing I know of you is that you're rude, so why not calling you rude?'' As Francoeur explained himself the cat looked at him. Finally noticing a crucial detail it missed. Even through he was very tall and behaved in a mature way, most of the time, Francoeur wasn't even a year old and his way of thinking was pretty similar to the one of a kid. Cat POV How could I miss that detail! He was just making a suggestion, he didn't mean to make fun of me, he's simply trying to find a name for me. It was a simple suggestion and I shouted at him because of it! Man, by calling me rude he has a point. I really need to work on my manners. No one POV The cat looked to the floor and sighed defeated, ''Call me Rude if you want, but promise me that you'll think of something better to call me by, Ok?'' said the cat, now Rude, looking at Francoeur. ''I promise; but I'll have to know you better so I can give you another name, you'll have to wait for it'' Said Francoeur happily as he, with Rude in hands, entered in the kitchen. Francoeur smile dropped as soon as he saw the kitchen. . . . He and Rude, would have a lot of work to do.[Chapter 6] OK, first of all, thanks for the reviews and sorry if there are any grammar mistakes. Next chapter might take me a little longer to write so please, be patient. Hope you like it. . . . Unlike in the living-room, in the kitchen there weren't any broken things, luckily, but it did look like the living-room: most of the cooking pans were everywhere but their place, the fridge was open and almost completely empty since almost all the food had been brought out, eaten and/or left on the floor. Francoeur closed his eyes and sighed, he left Rude on the floor, remove his remaining glove and rolled up his sleeves so he could use his four arms and began to put everything back in place; he put the food that was still eatable back to the fridge and threw in the trash all the food that was damaged, he cleaned the table and set it, then he brought some raw meat out of the freezer and began to eat it. ''You won't cook it?'' Asked Rude with a raised eyebrow wondering if Francoeur even knew how to cook. ''No, I can eat meat either cooked or raw, Lucille says that it's better if I eat cooked meat but since it is very late and I have to sleep it'll take me less time to have dinner if I don't cook the meat'' Said Francoeur remembering Rude that no matter how big the different between Francoeur and a normal flea was, he was still a flea. It took a while before Rude could fully understand what was happening and when he did he wasn't sure if there was anything in the world that looked as bizarre as the scene he was seeing in that moment: A 7 feet tall flea that could sing, and some hours ago almost gave him a heart attack, was eating a large amount of raw meat, in the midst of a half messy kitchen as if there was nothing unusual, and it was almost 11 PM. Nope, there was no way anything could look stranger than that. . . . 10 minutes later Rude's POV I looked at the clock and saw that only ten minutes passed since he began eating, and he had almost finished! How can some one eat that much and that fast without getting a bit dirty, and it was raw meat for God's sake, raw meat! (A/N: in case you're wondering, Rude is exaggerating, a lot.) He looked at me with that curious expression as soon as he finished, he was going to ask me something. ''Aren't you hungry?'' he asked, I knew it! That expression of his told me everything, better be polite so he stop calling me Rude. ''No, thank you for asking'' ''Very well then; to be honest I would have been surprised if you would have answered yes, you ate almost everything'' Indeed. Almost everything … Flashback ( No one's POV) When Rude was fully awake he walked through the house, looking for some clue that would tell him who lived in the house, since there was nobody, except him, in the house. But before he saw one of the hanging pictures in the walls a delicious smell made him change his mind and go to the kitchen. Rude didn't knew where exactly the food was but he was determinate to find it, some shelves were far to high for Rude to be able of opening them so he decided to open what he could and look for the food. He opened all the shelves that he could reach but he only found different pans inside, he threw them out of their place so he could enter and look for the food but the food wasn't there. Of course, there had to be some food that he could eat, but he didn't know where to look for it, until he realized that the big metal container in the kitchen was one of the things that humans used to keep their food cold and fresh, that they called 'fridge'. When he opened the fridge he could almost hear a choir singing 'alleluia' in the background. The fridge was full of food, milk, some fruits, vegetables, eggs and other things but there was a problem, where was the meat? Rude put out of the fridge most of the food, he ate what he liked and left aside what he didn't liked, the food was delicious but there was no sight of meat, until he opened the upper part of the fridge. He found fish, meat and some red liquid inside the freezer but this time he only took a few things out and left the rest inside. After eating most of the fish Rude finally felt full and decided to play for some time but got tired a few minutes after and fell asleep. End of flashback Francoeur was staring at Rude wondering how did the cat manage to eat most of the food in the kitchen, since no idea came to his mind he decide to ask. ''How did you managed to eat that much of food?'' he asked, and Rude answered before he could finish the question. ''I was hungry! What else was I supposed to do? That food looked delicious, and tasted delicious too.'' ''But you are a bit, hmm, small'' ''Actually I'm bigger than a normal cat it's just that you are much bigger that me'' ''I see, well then, let me wash the dishes so we can go to sleep, we'll have a lot of work tomorrow'' After Francoeur washed the dishes he grabbed Rude and went to his room, he left Rude in his bed, locked the window and changed into his night clothes but when he finally lay down on the bed, Rude wasn't there. Francoeur peeked under the bed and saw Rude preparing himself to sleep under it. ''Are you sure you want to sleep down there, it looks uncomfortable'' ''Do you have something better in mind?'' ''Yes''said Francoeur as he took Rude a lay him by his side. Francoeur yawned and said goodnight to Rude, who was already asleep, and then fell asleep too. After all, they would have a long day ahead. A very long one indeed.[Chapter 7] I'm so sorry for making you wait so long, I was having my finals exams and had a lack of inspiration; any way, I wrote most of this chapter while listening to 'Habanera' by Bizet, I recommend you to do the same while reading it, it will be much more funny (well at least it was funnier for me so I recommend you to do the same). Sorry for the grammar mistakes (you can blame Google translator). Hope you like it. Note: ''word'', -whisper-, emphasis,* action*, though . . . . It was early, too early. Rude hated to wake up early, a lot. He was on one of the armchairs in the living room only because Francoeur put him there, and since Francoeur wasn't making any effort to keep the him awake Rude couldn't keep his eyes open for more than five seconds and had such a hard time trying to remaining sit that he was just laying on the couch. ''Can't we begin later, I'm still half asleep, and the sun its just beginning to rise in case you didn't noticed it'' Said Rude shooting Francoeur a glare that, if possible, could have killed him, although Francoeur didn't seem to notice the killer glare, in fact, the giant flea was so focused in thinking about a way to fix the curtains that he barely listened to what Rude had said. -Hmm, maybe if I hang the spare curtains no one will notice that this ones are torn until Lucille returns- Whispered Francoeur as he began to look for a ladder (or anything high enough to reach the top of the curtains) -I guess she knows how to fix torn curtains-. While Francoeur looked for a stair Rude remained in the living room talking to the wall (remember that Rude was half asleep and had his eyes closed, which means that he didn't noticed when Francoeur walked away, at all). ''-the thing is that I sleep when it is dark and do anything else when the sun is up, do you understand? Francoeur? Franc? Are you listening?!'' Rude opened his eyes and saw that Francoeur wasn't with him. Wondering were the giant flea was Rude looked for Francoeur all over the house only to discover two things: First of all, Francoeur was somewhere out of the house, secondly, Francoeur closed all the exits which meant that Rude was trapped in the house. Rude considered his options finding that the best he could do was to go back to sleep while he still could, he returned to the living room and tried to sleep on the couch but ,even thought now the hole house was quite, the sun was rising, that meant he could no longer catch sleep and that made him boiling angry. Great, first he force me to wake up early, then he ignores me, he left me alone to go to who-knows-where and do who-knows-what I'm trapped and like that wasn't enough I can't sleep anymore. AND I AM THE RUDE ONE?! What was I supposed to do now? Take care of the house? A strong noise coming from the top floor interrupted Rude's thoughts, Francoeur had returned, and had a ladder with him. ''What is that for?'' Asked Rude when he saw the ladder. Why would he need a ladder when he is 7 feet tall? And why do I have the feeling that I won't like the answer? '' I need to change the curtains but I can't reach them properly, they're a bit high for me so you're going to help me-'' said Francoeur trying to explain what they were going to do but he was soon interrupted by an uneasy Rude. ''What!?'' ''Yes, all you'll have to do will be keeping the curtains-'' ''I am not going on a ladder, and you are definitely not going to make me do it!'' ''But I'll be easy, you will barely move once you're on top ladder and I'll-'' ''Francoeur, listen to what I say, I. am. Not. Going. to. do. It '' ''But it'll only be for a fe-'' ''No'' ''I promise you that-'' ''Non'' ''Oh, come on!'' ''Nein'' ''You torn the curtains, the least you can do is-'' ''NOPE!'' If it wasn't because they were suddenly interrupted by someone's knock at the door Francoeur would have discussed with Rude until lunch time without any result at all. . . . Again, I'm sorry for not updating sooner. I'll try to update next chapter sooner but you might gonna have to wait until next month; my finals exams were just getting started :P Wish me luck. Hope you liked it.[Chapter 8] FINALLY! I'm free! Now I can write the next chapters without much problems. Sorry for updating so late but, unfortunately, you can bring a computer to a family trip. Any way, sorry for the grammar mistakes. Hope you like it! ... Francoeur froze as soon as he heard the knock at the door, he slowly looked toward the door and then looked at the clock; it was 10:05 AM, past breakfast time. Francoeur had no idea about who was knocking the door and was afraid of finding an unknown person at the door. When a second knock was heard he became so tense and still that he could have been mistaken by a statue but he soon relaxed when he heard the familiar voice of Raoul calling him. ''Good morning Frank I hope you had a great breakfast, listen today you'll be on your own but Maud said that she'll come at midday to pay you a visit, hope you have fun and have an excellent day, see you later'' Said Raoul without giving Francoeur the time to reply;although, before he could leave he heard a loud cringe from Francoeur who made different sounds and motions out of which Raoul managed to understand none. ''Ho-hold on a second I'm not getting anything, you want me to come inside? But you know tha- Why aren't the curtains hung?'' Oh dear, how do I tell him? . . . I know! Francoeur though quickly making motions of cleaning to Raoul who, miraculously, got the message. ''Oh, now I get it you're cleaning the house, and you want me to help you!'' Exclaimed Raoul. Well, at least he got one half of the message, right? Francoeur shook his head and tried to explain again, first pointing at himself and repeating the cleaning movement then he looked at Raoul to make sure that he got the first part of the message. ''OK, I get that part you're cleaning, got it'' said Raoul waiting for Francoeur to continue. Francoeur took a card, with 'Maud' written in it (remember Charles's cards?), out his pocked and showed it to Raoul then Francoeur pointed towards the inside of the house and shook his head. ''You don't want me to help you cleaning, you want Maud to help you, is that what you mean?''said Raul with an unsure look on his face. If Francoeur new about the element of body language called 'face-palm' he would have used it. 15 minutes of motions and misunderstandings later . . . ''You, don't want, Maud, to come, is that what you mean? But why? Oh, because you're cleaning! I get it now!' exclaimed Raoul happy while Francoeur let out a tired sigh and nodded; sometimes it could be very hard to communicate without speaking. ''Listen buddy, I know you don't want her to come because of what you're doing but, believe me, you'll be very happy after she tells you the news, and don't ask me why, I've lost too much time and consider this a surprise if you want, Maud will be here around 1:00 PM, goodbye'' Said Raoul quickly before jumping on Catherine and leaving very fast. Francoeur sighed again and went back to the house; as soon as he closed the door he collapsed on the floor feeling very tired for an unknown reason, he remained there looking at the ceiling A surprise? What news? suddenly, a meow pulled him out of his toughs. Rude was staring at him from the couch and began to speak as soon as he gained the flea's attention. ''So, are we gonna hung the curtains or are you gonna lay there until your friend arrives?'' ''Why so cooperative out of sudden?'' Asked Francoeur intrigued by the sudden change in the cat's behavior. ''You told me that I was going to stay with you until everything was fixed and believe it or not I do like the outside world, so let's get started; and besides someone once said that if you can't against someone, you have to join them, and I'm pretty sure that I can't against you'' ''I should call you Astucieux then, you learn fast how to adapt yourself to the situation'' ''Me? Astucieux? Nah, although, compared to Rude, why not?'' ''He he, come on, let's hung those curtains before Maud arrives'' ... First of all, sorry, I though that Raoul's name was written this way -Raul- but I corrected that for this chapter. By the way, Astucieux means clever in French in case you're wondering. Hope you liked it.[Chapter 9] Ok, first of all, this was meant to be updated yesterday but electricity had other plans. Secondly, forgive me if this chapter is not as good as the others, I had a lack of inspiration, but to compensate you I'll make sure that the next chapter will be funnier and, if possible, updated sooner. . . . ''Wait a minute, I said I was going to help you but I need foo too, in fact, I'm starving'' Said Rude getting of the couch. ''You're right, we still have around two hours before she arrives, we can make a simple breakfast and then keep cleaning'' Once in the kitchen Francoeur prepared some sandwiches for himself and cut some fish for Rude ; both ate in relative peace and silence, although the cat made comments from time to time about the lack of milk in the house (not mentioning that he drank it all) and how unfortunate that was. After they finished eating they started to clean the mess that had been caused by Rude; they hung the curtains without much difficulty and then restored the couch as better as they could; luckily for them Rude didn't caused an irreversible damage to the couch but some scratch were still visible after they repaired it. Soon enough all the cushions were in their place and the broken objects had been thrown away, the living room looked almost like it looked before Rude's arrival. Almost. Francoeur's POV We still had some time left to fix some small details (that were still fixable) but I was getting hungry and Rude was too tired, besides, I still needed to hide him before Maud came. I wasn't sure if it would be a good thing to introduce him when he's probably going leave as soon as everything is over. ''Aren't you going to make something to eat? All this work left me exhausted and hungry. By the way, where did you learn to seam?'' He said, I was wondering how could he be so tired when he just helped me to hold some things in their place, besides that he just watched what I did. ''I don't know if I should cook something, Maud often brings food when she comes at this time of the day and she hasn't called yet, I mean, what if I cook something but she brings lunch or if I don't and she arrives hungry? I think is better to wait until she arrives but I can give you food and go to put some other clothes on. Do you like the idea?'' I said even thought I wasn't sure about what to do; all I wanted at that moment was to have a peaceful walk in the park. ''Seems fair, maybe she'll bring some milk too, of course, if she brings food in the first place'' he said, milk is definitely Rude's favorite drink. As I took some fish from the freezer and began to cut it while making a mental note to buy some things later. And, oddly enough, my mind was making an strange question as I was cutting the fish. Why do they call it milk? No one's POV ''I wonder about that sometimes too, in fact, I often wonder why things are called the way they are'' Said Rude interrupting Francoeur thoughts. ''I said that out loud?'' ''Yep, and as I said you're not the only one who ask himself that'' Francoeur smiled wondering now if Rude was as or more curious than he was. Before he could say anything the phone rang. ''It's Maud'' Whispered Francoeur as he rushed to the phone and picked it up. ''Hello?'' He said. Although the person on the other side of the line only heard a chirp ''Hello Francoeur, it's Maud, I'm calling to tell you that I'll be there in 15 minutes, have you had lunch already?'' ''No'' he said making a 'tic' sound. ''Good, then I'll bring you lunch, see you soon'' Said Maud before hanging the phone and leaving Francoeur analyzing the situation. 15 minutes . . . We have to hurry . . . Hope you liked it.[Chapter 10] I made it! I can't believe that I finished the chapter sooner, actually, I'm impressed that there are already 10 chapters. Thank you all for reading this and thank you for the reviews! Also for waiting patiently :). . . . As soon as the call finished Francoeur returned to the kitchen, took what he had cut from the kitchen and went to his room where he left it then he proceeded to do the same with Rude, receiving shouts from the cat. ''HEY! What are you doing? What happened? Why don't you answer me?! Francoeur!'' Shouted Rude as he was being carried to Francoeur's bedroom and was literally thrown to the floor as the giant flea hurried back into the kitchen. Unfortunately for Francoeur he had been followed by Rude to the kitchen. ''Wait in my room I bring you water in a minute'' Said Francoeur calmly but quickly. ''First tell me was going on'' Said Rude obviously irritated by Francoeur actions. ''I'll explain later'' Said Francoeur rushing back to his bedroom, this time with a plate of water, and leaving a clueless Rude behind. ''LATER!? You just threw me to the floor! The floor!'' ''I know, please forgive me'' Said Francoeur as he grabbed Rude again in his hands and hurried to the bedroom. ''I'll forgive you af- MEEEOOOW!'' Said Rude before he was thrown to the bed. This time Francoeur looked for some clothes and a key before rushing out of the bedroom and locking the door. ''Please don't make any noise until I return'' He said once out of the bedroom. ''HEY! OPEN THE DOOR YOU GIANT... THING! GET ME OUT!'' Shouted the cat as he tried furiously to open the door without any success. ''Maud could arrive any minute, I need you to stay silent and please don't break anything in my room, otherwise you'll stay here for a longer time'' Said Francoeur trying to put on his clothes quickly. Rude sighed irritated. ''fine! But you better choose another name for me sooner'' ''Got it!'' Answered Francoeur. ''I'd so much drown you if I got the chance'' Muttered Rude as soon as he noticed that Francoeur has let him trapped, again. 5 minutes later . . . ''Good evening Francoeur'' ''*chirp chirp* (Good evening)'' Said Francoeur before opening more the door and invite her in. ''Thank you but I must tell you that I won't stay for long'' Said Maud before going in. ''Here's your lunch, you know that I often make more than it's necessary. Feel free to return the food container next time you visit us'' Francoeur nodded in response and left the container in the kitchen, after that Maud explained him that according to a letter she received from Lucille a few days ago the plans had changed. ''Lucille and madam Carlotta will return in 2 days'' Anyone who knew Francoeur would have expected to see him smiling of pure happiness or various reasons. Yet, his reaction was whole different story. ... Hope you liked it.[Chapter 11] OK. I know that it has been technically a month since last update but I had distractions. First of all I forgot my DeviantArt password and the story is way too long to tell you. Other than that last month we went to a fair and the hotel had no internet. And classes will begin soon so I had to buy materials and all the other stuff. Enough talking lets begin with the story. . . . ''Francoeur?'' Maud voice sounded distant in Francoeur's mind, he guessed that this was how it felt like to be in shock. Too many thoughts were going on in his head and he couldn't really process; yet he felt blank. But when he hear his friend voice calling him again he realized that, just like his mind was absolutely blank, his body was unnaturally still. Shaking his head to forget about it he smiled at Maud and purred an apology. ''Are you all right? You froze for a moment.'' Said Maud slightly worried. He smiled to her again this time more like his normal self, Maud looked at him suspiciously but did't said anything about it. Instead she said goodbye, and left. Francoeur remained still. He stared at the door with his mind incapable of doing anything in front of the thousands thought that reappeared when the door closed. (A/N: I'm not sure if I described the feeling well but I hope you get the idea) It felt like hearing a lot of different sounds at the same time but also like the sound you hear when the is no sound, like a high tone buzz that seems to come out no where and doesn't leave until there's some noise. It was the furious and desperate shout coming from Francoeur's room that made the giant flea react. '' Get me out of here!'' Shouted Rude ''I think I'm claustrophobic!'' While Rude was trying to open the door by turning the handle Francoeur opened the door, which caused Rude to fall on the floor since he was trying to open the door from the drawer. ''Thanks'' Muttered Rude. ''Sorry, I forgot you were inside'' responded Francoeur. ''Don't worry'' said the cat more calm now that he was out of the room, he sighed and muttered ''I need to get out of this house, I need fresh air'' ''Then wait here while I change'' Said Francoeur entering the room an closing the door. ''Wait. What?!'' Said Rude surprised that Francoeur heard him. ''I need a walk, the plan needs to be changed'' said Francoeur from the other side of the door as he began to change his clothes again. After a few minutes Francoeur came out wearing brown slacks, a black shirt, a light brown jacket, a red scarf, a brown hat and his white gloves. Rude was still trying to digest the fact that they were going out. ''You were talking seriously'' He said incredulous.''I thought you were kidding'' ''I need to plan what we're going to do next, we still have a lot of things to do''. ''Like what?'' ''Clean the rest of the kitchen, buy all the groceries that you either ate or ruined, replace the broken plates and vases and buy new cushions or a new couch'' ''That's not much-'' ''We have a day'' ''WHAT!?'' Shouted Rude alarmed. ''That's why I need a walk'' ''A day?'' Whispered Rude shocked ''We're doomed'' ''If we consider the time it took to clean the living room the we don't have to worry a lot but the problem is that we only cleaned it'' Said Francoeur in a calm tone but clearly nervous ''we have a lot of things to buy, and that will take time''. ''Alright, you thing about that *sigh* I feel exhausted just with thinking about all that work'' ''Don't worry, there's no sense in running; we just have to leave on time, that's all'' Said Francoeur with a hopeful smile on his face. Rude's POV After Francoeur made sure that all the windows were locket I was forced to promise him that I would not run away and that I'd return home with him just so he didn't make me wear that strange leash that he made out of some rope. He surely doesn't know the difference between a dog and a cat. He also made sure that the curtains were alright and the front door was locked before we started to walk towards the park. It was clear to me that Francoeur was anxious about something but I couldn't tell what. Was he scared about what would happen if we don't manage to complete the plan in time? Maybe he was exited. . . about what? ''Are you alright? Because now that I think about what you said we don't really have a lot of things to do; we can even buy some of the things on the list today so we have more time left to do the cleaning and all that other stuff, what do you say?'' I said hoping to relax him in case he was anxious but he didn't awnser me. I waited for a while but nothing happened, I asked him if he was alright but he didn't answer that one either I waited for some time again only to come to one conclusion: He was ignoring me! ''Hey! I'm talking to you!'' I said geting angry. ''. . .'' ''Are you listening?!'' ''What about Tigrou?'' That caught me off guard. ''Who?'' ''For you. What about calling you Tigrou?'' ''Really? Tigrou? Are you sure you're pronouncing it right? Why not just calling me Alain instead?'' I said with a smirk, Tigrou. . . Was he talking seriously? Besides '' I am quite handsome after all.'' ''I don't know. . . What about Bell? You are noisy like a bell he he'' ''Ha ha ha, how funny.'' I said sarcastically, such an awful name ''If that's the case then I prefer Tigrou, thank you.'' ''Alright then, I'll keep that in mind. Although, I must say you're not exactly as jumpy as him but, I think that Tigrou is not a bad name for you'' ''Are you telling me there's a cat actually called Tigrou?'' ''He's not really a cat, you see, Tigrou is a tigger.'' Explained Francoeur as if everybody knew that Tigrou is a tigger. What's a tigger anyway? . . . Hope you liked it. Tigrou is the name of Tigger in french. P.S.: Please comment if I'm doing any mistakes, I would love to improve my writing but I can't fix a mistake if I don't if there's one on the first place.[Chapter 12] By the time that Francoeur was done with explaining everything he knew about the stories of Winnie the Pooh the were already at the park and Rude had found a way to climb up to Francoeur's right shoulder. ''Interesting. Where do you find this books? There weren't many at your house.'' Said Rude finally understanding that the strange stuff he used to bite were books and they were meant to be read. ''In the local library. Lucille taught me how to read a few moths ago and since then I often go there; they have a lot of books about a lot of things, my favorite ones are the ones with fantasy stories'' ''You mean the fairy tales?'' ''Yes. How did you know?'' ''Oh come on, I didn't know what books were because I can't read but that doesn't mean that I don't know what stories are. I know about fairy tales, myths, legends and much more, alright? '' Said Rude offended by Francoeur's question. Francoeur nodded and ''How old are you?'' Asked Francoeur curiously. ''Why do you ask?'' ''You seem to know a lot of things so I guess you're a bit old; I once read in a book that cats often live for up to 15 years but you don't seem to be as old. So I was wondering, how old are you?'' ''Why do you ask so much?'' Said Rude with an irritated face. ''Is that wrong?'' Asked Francoeur titling his head. ''No, it's not but they say that curiosity killed the cat you know.'' Said Rude while Francoeur arched a eyebrow not knowing the meaning of the phrase. ''Who says that? And why should I be worried? I'm not a cat, I'm a flea'' '' *Sigh* What I said is a proverb. . . what I meant to say is that sometimes being too curious can cause troubles'' ''Oh, I get it. What's a proverb?'' ''. . .'' Rude didn't answered Francoeur's question at first. He glared at Francoeur with a look that said 'Are you kidding me? ' when suddenly he recalled and important fact. ''What is it? Did I do something wrong?'' Asked Francoeur innocently. ''Nothing, it's just that it's very easy to forget how young you actually are.'' Said Rude proceeding to explain to Francoeur what a proverb was. Some minutes later. . . Rude ended up not only explaining Francoeur what a proverb was but also about other things that Rude had learned in his live along with some pieces of Rude's past that the cat narrated without even realizing. Such as how Rude has cross the path of a man who used him as a subject of study for his book about domesticated animals and plants. After they finished talking Rude left Francoeur's side to wonder around the park while Francoeur choose to sit on a bench and admire the park. It was still sunny but the air was fresh and there were only a few people in the park so Francoeur could hear clearly the sound of the birds. Once relaxed and with his mind clear Francoeur began to formulate a plan to buy everything he needed to make the house look as perfect as possible, he had the money and the list of things to do, the only thing he needed was some real help. Rude's POV I decided to walk for a while so I could stretch my paws a little bit, I really needed some fresh air and some fun. Maybe I can play catch with the birds near the fountain. Or seek for a squirrel to play hide and seek in the trees. ''Blackcat?'' I stopped walkinng and closed my eyes. Did I just heard that? ''Blackcat is that you?'' Oh, deer. ''Hey, look who we found!'' That voice. That nickname. It's him . ''Blackcat!'' I heard in front of me. Most animals I've met have called my by many stupid nicknames with the purpose of mocking me; only a few called by a name and I never liked their choices but this cat's choice seemed to be a mix between both parts. I opened my eyes and saw ''Jerry.'' Of all the cats I have had the dis-pleasure to meet Jerry was the less annoying, which doesn't mean that he wasn't annoying. We is an orange cat with dark orange stripes and light green eyes that some how ended up in the United Kingdom with me; apparently he arrived in a merchant boat and, in my opinion, due to all that time in the sea he became slightly crazy and always refers to himself in plural. ''Hey, you still remember us that's great!'' He said with his always-exited-over-nothing-really-important tone. How did ended up here anyway? ''Yeah, like I could forget someone like you'' Seriously speaking he's not that bad but I'll never understand why is he always so excited. ''You'r right. By the way we saw you talking to a huge guy here at the park, we don't know why but there seems to be something off with him; who's that guy anyway? we think we've seen him before but we can't remember when or where''. ''You don't know who he is?'' ''Nope'' ''Haven't you heard what the humans say about him'' ''No, we still don't understand most of their gibberish, they just talk so fast we can't understand a thing'' ''It's not gibberish it's French. How long have you been here?'' ''A few weeks'' He answered. Now that explains everything. It took me almost a month to understand French. ''What's the name of that big guy anyway?'' I mentally prepared myself, if Jerry could not understand French yet then much less would he know how to pronounce it. I sighed and said. ''Francoeur'' ''Fanwho?'' I knew it. ''Francoeur'' ''Fwancoo'' ''Francoeur'' ''Frangoul'' I better choose another tactic. ''Fran'' ''Fran'' He repeated. ''Coe'' ''Coe'' ''Ur'' ''Ur'' ''Francoeur'' ''Froncdeu'' . . . Moron. Hope you liked it. P.s.: The book of domesticated animals and plants hat Rude talks about is one that Charles Darwin wrote named 'The Variation of Animals and Plants Under Domestication' which was published in 1868 therefore Rude is way too old to be a normal cat.[Chapter 13] Happy Birthday to me, Happy birthday to me. Hello everyone today is my birthday and since you can't give me a birthday gift I am going to give you one. There fore I am going to update two new chapters and I assure you that since the chapters left to write are only two I'll hurry up and finish the story before 2015. Now let's move to the story and I hope you like these chapters. ... Francoeur tried to think of any possible solution to his problem but all the possibly succesful plans had one thing in common: Telling the others about Rude; he tried to thing of a way to do everything he needed by himself but in all cases he wouldn't success unless he told Raoul about it, at the very least. In a day a lot of things could be done with Raoul's help since he worked delivering various things but he was a busy man and had a tight schedule, most of the time. ''Maybe he won't be busy tomorrow.'' He said to himself as he began to walk trough the park; it was going to be Friday after all. He kept walking around looking for Rude until he heard the cat's voice near the fountain area; Francoeur walked towards the sound and found Rude talking to an orange cat. ''Alright, let's try it one more time but this time try to say it slowly.'' Said Rude with a clearly annoyed look on his face as the orange cat tried to imitate his words failing miserably. ''Frooaancooiiuuur'' Said the orange cat. Causing Rude to sigh defeated. ''This is pointless.'' Said Rude. ''Umm, Rude?'' Said Francoeur trying to understand what was going on. ''Oh, you're here! Francoeur this is Jerry, Jerry that's Francoeur.'' Said Rude forgetting how annoyed he previously was ''Tell me Francoeur, are we ready to go?'' ''We're ready? To go where? Are we going to travel to somewhere new? It's your friend Fraencourl coming with us?'' Said Jerry exited as he looked at Francoeur'' Hi we are Jerry and you are Fraencurl, Blackcat already told us your name, nice to meet you'' ''Umm, hi Jerry nice to meet you too'' Replied Francoeur in a shy way as he wondered who was Blackcat and why the cat refered to himself in plural.'' Who's Blackcat?'' ''Oh you don't know him by that name? I tought it was a very obvi-'' Said Jerry but Rude interruped him ''Enough of useless talk! Let's return to the previous topic, tell me Francoeur, what's our new plan?'' Said Rude before Jerry could say anything else. ''Well, umm, about that. . .'' Hesitated Francoeur as he tried, in vain, once more to find a different way to solve things since he was still afraid of making his friends angry '' We are going to visit a friend of mine before going home, is that ok with you?'' ''Sure, why not? But lets head back to the house and have lunch first, I'm hungry'' ''Wait, wait, can we come along I'll love to see what's you're plan Fraencurl. Can we come too? We're also hungry, what are eating? Can I join you? Please, please, please,please, pleeeaasse.'' Said Jerry as he made small jumps in front of Francoeur. ''I guess you can come as long as you don't cause a mess. And you can call me Frank if you want, people sometimes call me that way'' Said Francoeur as he began to walk back to the house along with the two cats.[Chapter 14] ''Hold on a second. That thing ate everything in the fridge!?'' Exclaimed Raoul with despite. It has been tree hours since Francoeur began to explain to Raoul what happened the previous day and Raoul still had a hard time understanding one thing: How on earth was Rude supposed to be a cat when he was two, maybe three, times the size of an average cat. On one hand Raoul understood quickly that most of what happened was Rude's fault and didn't got mad at Francoeur but on the other hand the conversation got deviated very often and that caused them to stay for a longer time. Francoeur chirped frustrated and felt glad that Rude convinced him of going back to the house and have lunch before they visited Raoul. Otherwise they would be starving by now. Francoeur decided to end everything so that they could return. He pointed towards the list in Raoul's hands and indicated to somewhere behind himself (referring to Lucille's house) and put his hand together as if to say please. Raoul understood what he meant and nodded in agreement. ''Don't worry I'll help, Lucille might kill us both if we don't try to fix this rude creature's mess.'' He said making emphasis in the last part while lookind angrily at Rude while the cat glared him back like it has been doing since Raoul first refered to it as a thing. Francoeur pretended to crear his troath to ease the tension that had formed as the man and the cat kept staring fiersfully at each other, he then chirped a goodbye to Raoul and grabbed Rude while the cat kept staring at Raoul with chalenging eyes. What would have happened if the two stayed in the same room for a bit longer? Francoeur did not want to know. Once at home Francoeur tried to calm down Rude's sudden temper explotion. It was clear that the cat was at the verge of snapping during its meeting with Raoul but Francoeur didn't though that Rude would cause such a tantrum. ''Rude thing ?! RUDE THING?! Did you heard him?! I told you that you had to give me a new name! Rude thing! He's the rude thing treating me like a. . . Like a. . . Like a thing !'' Shouted Rude hysterically as he walked in circles in the living room, Francoeur was sitting on the couch with a cup of tea in his hands besides Jerry who decided to finally speak since they arrived. ''We're sure that he's just angry because we have little time left, because you do are rude sometimes but we guessed he's just in shock. It's like when you ate all the fish of that old fisherman who always gave the fish that he didn't need or like; we remmeber everything clearly, one day you got mad at him becaused he said you we're an ugly fat cat and while he has sleeping you took all the fish one by one, hid them and then ate them'' Siad Jerry happily.'' No doubt why you're so big and fat he he'' ''Ha ha, how funny.'' Replied Rude with sarcasm '' And I am not fat!'' Francoeur chukled at Rude's reaction, he thought it was similar to what happened whenever Raoul called Emile a leprechaun. ''If I may say my opinion I don't think you're fat.'' Said Francoeur. ''Finally! You see Jerry, Francoeur understands what I say, he knows what I'm talking about, he's the someone I said that would understand I'm not fat, I told you someone would understand one day'' Interrupted Rude happy with Francoeur's words. But then Francoeur finished what he wanted to say. ''You're just a bit chubby'' That phrase made Jerry giggle while it made Rude glare at Francoeur. ''Chubby? You think I'm chubby ?!'' Exclaimed Rude as Jerry brust in laughs.'' Monseur Francoeur I am neither fat or chubby the problem is that we're still on early spring and I have yet to get reed of my winter coat, do you understand?'' Francoeur showed his hand defensively and apologized while Jerry kept laughing before falling from the couch, still laughing. ''Deer, you better bring him some water and calm him down, I think he's going to pee on himself if we don't do something'' Said Rude to Francoeur while he looked at Jerry. Francoeur nodded and brought some water in a plate for the, still laughing, orange cat. After making Jerry calm down they all remained there and talked dfor a while about random things. When it became dinner time Francoeur moved to the kitchen and did some more cleaning before making dinner for everyone; it has been a good idea to buy some fish one the way back. After dinner Francoeur went to his room and changed into his nightclothes then he layed in his bed as he chose not to lock the window this time. In the main time Rude and Jerry were in the living room talking as quietly as they could. ... Hope you liked it.[Chapter 15] Francoeur was sound asleep but the two felines down stairs were wide awake. ''We see you found a new target, he's funny'' Said Jerry looking upstairs ''What do you mean by target?'' Asked Rude confused. ''Oh come on, drop the act we know what you're doing'' Said Jerry smiling mischievously ''And we got to say it, you're doing great'' Rude didn't understood at first but then he did and he wasn't happy about it. ''That's not true! I told I was not going to do that again'' Said Rude trying to keep his tone low. ''Don't tell us that you think he's your friend'' Said Jerry impressed by Rude's words '' We're your friends, you know that'' ''You're not my friend!'' Said Rude louder '' If you were then you wouldn't have left me to drown in the river'' ''Oh come on! It was an accident, and you know we can't swim.'' Exclaimed Jerry. ''That is not the point'' Said Rude. ''Listen, this time it might work''Said Jerry trying to convince Rude.'' He already thinks that you're his friend and they'll bring all the things we need tomorrow. It'll be our big chance and that tall human won't even know what happened'' ''I said no'' Said Rude surprised that Jerry still tough that Francoeur was a human even though Francoeur had carried them as he jumped at an humanly impossible height trough the ruff-tops. ''He calls you Rude and you think he wants to be your friend!'' Said Jerry trying to keep his tone low'' Listen, we're going to let you think this until tomorrow. Remember that we still have and owner and I don't think he'll like to know that you don't want to return'' ''First of all he's your owner not mine. And what if I don't agree with you'' ''Think about this until tomorrow night and if your answer is still no then you'll see what happens'' Said Jerry as he began to walk towards the window near the front door ''I'll return tomorrow'' He said before discovering that the window was locked. ''Good luck trying to get out'' Said Rude mockingly as he went upstairs and entered to Francoeur's room leaving the now frustrated orange cat. Rude sighed once inside and closed the door. He looked up and saw that Francoeur had let the window open, giving him a chance to escape. He stared at the window wondering what he should do. After a few minutes he made up his mind, jumped to the window and closed it as well as he could. Leaving Francoeur with Jerry would probably cause the giant flea a utter disgrace and Rude was not going to thank Francoeur in such a way. It would made Francoeur's observations right and Rude didn't want to be proven wrong. Rude then jumped to Francoeur's bed and lad down to sleep. Worried by the problems that would probably come along with Jerry. The next day. . . ''Rude. . . Rude wake up . . . you have to wake up, the sun is rising, wake up. . . Rude'' Said Francoeur shaking the still sleeping cat. After a few minutes Rude slowly opened his eyes. The first thing he saw was the window and how early it was. Then he greeted Francoeur a good morning in Rude style. ''IT'S 6 AM, LET ME SLEEP FOR CHRIST SAKE!'' The shout was loud enough to wake up Jerry, and probably all the neighbors, but Francoeur wasn't affected at all by Rude's thunderous shouts. ''I'm sorry but Raoul said that he was coming around this hour to discuss what is he going to bring during the day'' ''When did he said that? And why do I have to be there? You're the one that can communicate with him.'' ''Because I need you to keep an eye on Jerry so that we don't have anymore troubles'' ''If his presence worries you then why did you let him join us in the first place?'' ''I don't know, I guess he was so insistent that I didn't got time to think about it properly'' ''Well, next time you better pay attention to me'' Said Rude frowning. ''Sorry'' Apologized Francoeur. ''Never mind I have a feeling that he won't stay with us for long'' Said Rude remembering Jerry's words from their last talk. . . . What were Rude and Jerry talking about? When will Rude get his new name? How on earth can Jerry still think that Francoeur is human? Why does Jerry refers to himself in plural? Why am I making so many questions? The answer will be found in the next chapter. Hope you liked it.[Chapter 16] Ok, first of all, thank you anony mouse 101 for pointing out some of the grammar horrors in last chapter (I forgot to do the last check before posting). They have been fixed. Secondly, you won't find the answer to all the questions made in last chapter since I wanted to dedicate some lines to Raoul. And, at last but not least, Merry Christmas everyone! With that said we shall move on to the story. … Francoeur went down stairs soon after he changed into his day clothes to open the door that was now being knocked by Raoul. Once they greeted each other a good morning Raoul handed Francoeur the list he gave him previously, this time with an hour written aside each object needed, and explained him that Emile was going to help them before the cinema opened; Raoul had yet to tell this to Emile himself but he decided to skip that detail; once everything was explained Raoul went back to Catherine and Francoeur returned inside. None of them realized that a certain orange cat had exited the house while they talked. Once inside Francoeur hurried back to his bedroom only to get Rude and go back downstairs. ''What are we going to do now?'' Asked Rude as Francoeur let him on the floor. ''We have to get rid of the couch-'' ''The couch!? Why do we have to get rid of the couch? It's fine, and heavy'' Interrupet Rude. ''We'll do that later with Raoul's help an-'' ''Raoul! Why does he have to help us? What does he have to deal with all of this? I am the one that's supposed to help you not him!'' Interrupted Rude again. ''Am I wrong if I say that you can't carry a couch?'' ''But-'' ''Or drive a truck'' ''I did that once!'' Exclaimed Rude defensively then muttering ''And crashed it.'' ''That's the point'' Said Francoeur as he delicately moved the couch towards the front door. ''Either way. What do you think about Bell?'' ''Bell?'' Repeated Rude completely clueless. ''For your name I think it is nice since-'' ''You're kidding'' Interrupted Rude. ''No, I was wondering about possible names and-'' ''You're kidding'' Repeated Rude. It was an statement and he did not want to know from where did Francoeur got the idea. ''But-'' Tried to explain Francoeur. ''You. Are. Kidding.'' ''Alright, you don't like it'' Said Francoeur as he moved to the kitchen ''Maybe I should call you Lionel.'' ''Why?'' ''Your temper reminds me of that of a lion but since you are too small to be called one I could say you're like a young lion.'' Said Francoeur smiling while Rude couldn't decide if he was mocking him if he was being serious about the explanation. Lionel was the second name that Francoeur suggested that Rude secretly liked, the first one was Tigrou, but he was not going to admit that any time soon. ''I won't comment on that one'' He said while Francoeur just smiled and took some things of of the fridge. ''I'll keep that one in mind then'' Said Francoeur earning a curious look from Rude, who chose to change the topic before continuing with the name list. ''What are you doing?'' He asked. ''Breakfast. It's almost 9 o'clock and Emile and Raoul will arrive at any minute.'' Somewhere else in Paris . . . ''Oh, come on Emile, I though you where my friend!'' Exclaimed Raoul. ''I do am your friend Raoul but you're asking to much, I'm busy with the movie premier today, it's an american movie called A Decree of Destiny and I am going on a date with Maude after the cinema closes'' ''My dear friend, as much as I'd love to compliment you for your romantics achievements with Maude Lucille and I will be back to square one with Lucille if you don't help me'' Emile closed his eyes and sighed wondering what on earth have Raoul done this time that he thought his relationship with Lucille was at risk ''Alright. What is it now? And please don't tell me you sneaked into the professor's laboratory again'' ''Me!? Again!? How can you think that!?'' Exclaimed Raoul while Emile stared at him with a serious expression''Ok, maybe I did that some days ago. But nothing happened!'' Admitted Raoul. ''Just tell me what happened Raoul'' ''I'll say it quickly; an unnaturally huge cat got inside of Lucille's home and cause a disaster in the living-room, the kitchen and did some lesser problems in the rest of the house, Francoeur kept him, for some reason I have yet to figure out, and was trying to fix everything before Lucille returned but she will return tomorrow and today is our only chance to clean and fix everything that thing have done today. Did you get it?'' ''Hmm, I think I understood enough'' Lied Emile since Raoul spoke too fast to understand anything. ''Will you help? Because I really, really, need your help.'' Said Raoul while trying to make a puppy face to convince the short man, only managing to make Emile sigh again. ''Fine. . . I'll help'' Said Emile knowing that if Raoul tried to make the puppy face it was because he was deep in troubles. ''Good, now get in the truck'' ''What?'' Asked Emile, surprised by the sudden change of mood, before being pushed towards Catherine by Raoul. ''Wait, stop it!'' ''Not now Emile I know your work schedule and you don't work until 11 o'clock which gives me enough time to carry out my plan. ''You faked the puppy face! You lied!'' Exclaimed Emile as he was pushed into the truck. ''Of course I lied, my puppy face is irresistible, and only used in cases of real danger'' As he entered the truck. ''Like when you where about to loose your reputation of a good delivery boy'' Said Emile remembering their interrogation with Maynott. ''Uhm, yes?'' Said Raoul as he began to drive ''But anyway. What do you think those two are up to now?'' ''Excuse me. Who?'' ''Francoeur and the thing'' ''What thing?'' ''Didn't I told you everything?'' ''W-well yes but you did it too quickly'' ''Fine. I'll explain it again.'' Said Raoul before he began to narrate '' Three days ago, somehow, a huge thing, that according to Francoeur is a cat, went into Lucille's house- '' . . . Hope you liked it P.S.: I know I said that I was going to finish this before new year and that this was suppose to be the last chapter but the plan changed. I'll still try to finish it soon but I'm pretty sure that the last chapter will be updated next year. Be patient please. ","Summary":" Ok, this is my first fanfic ever. If you find any grammar mistakes please forgive me, English it's "},{"Movie":"A Monster in Paris Un monstre à Pa...","Title":"Time Waits For No One","Author":"Jatd4ever","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11266547","Passage":"[Chapter 1] *I do not own A Monster In Paris and it's characters Written sort of like a countdown since I know that a fleas lifespan is fleeting. I thought Francoeur's days were numbered too, so that is where this story idea comes from. And don't forget to review since it feeds my muse Chapter 1: 85 days left \"Francoeur, can you you tell me what you think about this dress?\" Lucille stood in the half light of the dressing room, weighed down in a red kimono, and Francoeur sat on his stooping the adjacent part and could not help but be mesmerized by the rich depth of flowing fabric. The color he likened to waves of blood, designs of koi leaping forth from puddles, the of the contrast of it to her skin gave her a porcelain appearance, and made her look dangerously delicious. He had given up blood a few weeks back, but it did not mean anything resembling it did not tempt him. His eyes followed her every move and he drank red wine to quench his thirst for blood at the moment. After a moments reflection, he nodded his head in agreement, and were both ready for their show. The explanation as to their current dress went back to a few days before when Madam Carlotta had read of the expected arrival of Japanese dignitaries. With the idea of attracting international customers, she had Lucille in a red kimono and Francoeur in like fashion, wore the male equivalent and they looked great. Even if all the layers of clothing were a bit tedious to walk in, it was nonetheless a special occasion and they were dressed for their visiting guests. The curtains opened to show a full audience, with the special guests at table five. The lights made her skin glow, and with a smile she opened the show. \"Good evening, welcome to the Rare Bird, it is so nice to see you tonight. For your listening pleasure, we have a brand new song written by our very own Monsieur Francoeur. It is called, Something We Share\" Walking over to the piano, Francoeur started to play the slow, romantic melody and then he began to sing. \"All of us share a pair of hands And all of us have a pair of feet So helpful to get to another place Where will we meet? None of us know when the sun will die Or why is it that love songs make us cry But as long as I have you, I will never be afraid\" Sitting beside him on the piano, she flashed him a quick glance and began to sing as well. \"So may we meet in a special place Where there is no sadness or longing When will it be that we may be The time to meet might not be perfect\" \"Never say you are by yourself Because I am standing right behind you The time to meet might not be perfect But any time is good for me\" \" There are so many long faces And to many open spaces But it can be filled With love and kindness If you will let it in\" \"Everyone is sometimes lonely But that does not mean that you have to be I will give you a hug and and blame it on love But would you do the same?\" \"One alone is no good And sadness is a lonely thing However so, never let me go To the end where I cannot find you All of us share a face and on that face there is a cheek and on that cheek I will press upon it a kiss to know that you are meant for me\" \"All of us share a pair of hands And all of us have a pair of feet So helpful to get to another place Where will we meet? None of us know when the sun will die Or why is it that love songs make us cry But as long as I have you, I will not be afraid\" Because with you I know I am saved \" \"Let us go to the place where no one knows, a place for you and me The place that we will meet A place that's safe for we The place where no one is lonely\" Tears ran down Lucille's face, but she could not wipe them in fear of smudging her makeup. She had never expected to feel so emotional about it, but the way their show was set up, it felt too surreal. No matter how she felt about it, everyone clapped and cried and cheered and it reflected not only well for France, but on the Rare bird Caberet. After the usual meet and greet, they changed into something more casual for dinner. Their late night dinner consisted of left over rice and wine, and shared glances over the dinner table.[Chapter 2] *I do not own A Monster in Paris or its characters In these chapters I plan to tackle various issues Francoeur might face as well as good times. Hope you enjoy. If there's anything you want to happen or you have any ideas then describe it in a review or pm me. And don't forget to review since it feeds my muse Chapter 2: 79 days left It was an especially cold morning, too cold for Francoeur's liking. He could not tell her, but the cold weather could kill him if he was not careful. Lucille wanted to go shopping for a new dress and perhaps get Francoeur a nice everyday suit, but he refused to walk out the door. She tried reasoning with him, but he would not budge, instead he looked somewhat afraid. She asked several questions, but he would not budge, so she just let go and left, leaving him alone. It was their day off and he would have preferred going out, but he could not risk it. Wrapping his coat a bit tighter, he went back upstairs where he lit a fire and started work on a new song. Passing his hands over the keys, he tried several notes until he found the right melody. \"Sometimes when there is a chill outside I will stay inside and hide And look for something to do Feelings of extraordinary wonder Floating all around the room Give me delight But who will I share with all my care The feeling of fright that I could die before the night is over If I go outside on a really chilly day Do not misunderstand, I want to hold your hand But I could not risk such a thing But on account of love, I would soar on wings like doves For a single kiss I could But I may die, So no more good byes Only good day or hello, Or later Much, much later So I could live as long as that So I have to stay inside. Run away and hide, just to stay alive\" He stopped playing at the sound of the door. It was Lucille who stood in the doorway with eyes wide open, tears running down her cheeks. \"Francoeur\" she cried Before he could even chirp, she ran over and threw her arms around him, crying guiltily like an almost murderess would. \"I..I almost killed you. I am so sorry Francoeur, I would never want to hurt you in any way. You are far too precious to me, so never hold back anything you need to tell me alright\" She might have learned something new about him that day, but they were not close enough for her to know the whole truth yet.[Chapter 3] *I don't own A Monster in Paris or its characters The next chapter will be longer I promise, but hope you will enjoy! And if there's anything you want to happen or you have any ideas then describe it in a review or pm me. And don't forget to review since it feeds my muse Chapter 3: 75 days left When she came down the steps, she saw Raoul standing in the hallway holding a crate of champagne. \"Lucille, good to see you're home\" Leaving the crate on the nearby table, his eyes wandered, examining the new photos on the wall. He stood with an air of cheerfulness, leaning against the wall beneath Madame Carlotta's portrait. In a short time it appeared he had acquired another straw coat equally hideous to the previous one, though this time she ignored it. \"I like what you did with the place, though I'm not sure how to feel about that of photo of you with the parasol\" Rolling her eyes, she already felt annoyed. \"What are you doing here?\" \"Just came to see how my little star is doing, that and I brought the champagne\" \"Just leave the crate in the kitchen and be on your way\" \"Lucille, the crate wasn't the only thing I came to deliver.\" She crossed her arms, it was just his air that made her blood boil. Sure they were friends, but that did not mean she did not have the luxury to dislike him half the time. \"What it is? This have better be good\" \"Our favorite munchkins Emile and Maud are getting married\" Going down a step, she turned and tackle hugged him. \"Oh, that is wonderful news. When is the wedding?\" \"At the end of spring. Man, can you believe it? It felt like it was just yesterday they had their first date\" Pushing him away, she straightened her blouse, regaining her composure. \"Their first date was only two weeks ago, but if they are in love then why wait.\" \"You know, I was sort of hoping you would sing at their wedding\" \"Me and Franceour would be happy to\" \"Where is the big guy anyway?\" \"I think he is composing music in his office, but I will tell him the news and I'm sure he would be delighted\" Heading for the door, he said. \"Well I have to get going, but tell mister tappy toes not to work too hard\" He could not leave fast enough she thought. Walking ahead of him, she opened the door. \"Unlike you he enjoys his work, but he is a genius. I doubt you could say the same\" \"Yeah, yeah, but unlike him I have great hair\" \"But he has great style\" Pushing him out the door, she ran back up stairs full of excitement. Forgetting to knock, she walked into Francoeur's office. There was sheet music lying about the room, and Francoeur was sleeping in the corner underneath a pile of old fur coats. The news could wait she thought, and she closed the door as she left. In her room she marked her calendar for the last week of May, reserved for Emile and Maud's wedding.[Chapter 4] *I don't own A Monster in Paris or its characters The longest chapter yet, hope it's worth it. If there's anything you want to happen or you have any ideas then describe it in a review or pm me. And don't forget to review since it feeds my muse Chapter 4: 74 days left The water on his exoskeleton from his bath felt wonderful, warming him up beautifully. The weather outside was finally beginning to warm up and he had plans to go out, perhaps even accompany Lucille to buy that dress she wanted. It was early so he had a quick breakfast of wine and sausage and went to his office. He figured he could work on his new song before Lucille popped in with their plans for the day. It was a set to be a quiet morning, that is until Carlotta popped in. \"Francoeur dear, it is so nice that I found you. Could you tell Lucille to come down and eat her breakfast? Poor thing was up half the night writing who knows what\" Looking at the clock, it was nine in the morning, unusually late for Lucille. He went down stairs, knocked on her door but heard no answer. He was told before not enter a room without knocking, but she would have told him not to enter if she didn't want to enter right? Upon entering her room, he detected hints of her perfume like invisible footprints leading him to her. He found Lucille fast asleep at desk, red lipstick smudged all over her right cheek. The color red was a weakness of his, reminding him of the blood he could not have. Dipping a clean cloth in the nearby water basin, he began to clean off her cheek, but he only managed to smudge it even more. The color was hypnotic, making him hungry. He knew he could not have blood or bite Lucille, but he could enjoy the color. Licking her cheek, he thought it tasted good, so he continued until most of it was was gone. She dreamed of a cute puppy licking her face, but it purred like a cat. The purring puppy turned into a face, and the face looked like Francoeur's. He was licking her face, and she thought it shameless that she was enjoying it, but she was. When she opened her eyes it was no dream, he was actually licking her face. Her eyes were in a daze, his eyes looking directly into hers, her eyes full of confusion. She wondered if her mind was playing tricks or if she was awake, but she would not have minded if it was a dream. One look in the mirror said it all, and she would have reprimanded him if not for her aunt walking in.\"Sorry to interrupt, but-\" She paused at the sight of faces, looking back and forth, seeing the two with their faces full of lipstick. Blushing slightly, she giggled \"After you're all cleaned up, come down to eat your breakfast. Okay?\" Letting out a gleeful laugh, she left, still high from misunderstanding.. Francoeur had no idea what he did, but Lucille felt her heart flutter and confused. It did not take long for Lucille to fix her makeup, but now Francoeur was a mess. Taking a cloth, she returned the favor cleaned him off as well, her face burning scarlet. \"I appreciate the help Francoeur, but I can apply my own makeup. Now, stay still, and thank you for waking me up\" Lucille was very talented he thought, to even have the ability to change color. Those eyes of his just stared back, so naive, so attentive. The cloth fell to the floor like her confidence. He had a tranquil affect on her, it was refreshing in its own right. She dared to reach up and touch his face, but took her hand back and gave him a hug instead. Her heart felt full when he was near, like a warm compress. She relished in it, feeling herself relieved that perhaps he would not know and she could pretend to live in a dream. She was falling for his charm, but he could not know, not yet, perhaps not ever. Her eyes were downcast, feeling somewhat gloomy. \"You're a good boy Francoeur, a very good boy\" He said nothing, but he simply basked in her warmth, purring happily. Breakfast was nerve wrecking for Lucille as her aunt asked question after question about the details of the earlier events. She tried to tell her it was misunderstanding, but Carlotta would not budge. At the counter she was preparing cafe au lait, while Lucille looked quizzically at her toast, wondering if she was even hungry. Placing her coffee before her, she sat down, giggling. \"Do not pretend to play it coyly, I know what I saw. I always said there was someone for everyone. Perhaps a giant flea is just your type\" \"He does not understand\" \"Of course he does, he is male right? Of course he is. He knows you are precious dear, I can see it on the way he follows you with his bug eyes\" Nibbling on her honey toast, she sighed. \"He is too naive to know what he is doing\" Giving her hand a light squeeze, she smiled. \"Give him a few days and he will learn\" \"Please do not talk like that, it is too early\" \"Drink your coffee dear, we have a big day today\" \"We do?\" \"Today I got a phone call from commissioner Paté and we are all invited for dinner at Maxim's bistro, isn't that just fantastic?\" Maxim's was legendary for its interior design and naturally Lucille wanted to go. \"I have heard of it, yes I would love to go\" \"Good, well I have to run. There is a dress in that one glass window that I must have. So be good, and see you tonight. Oh, and make sure you and Francoeur wear something nice\" Cleaning up the dishes, she went out to the stage to find Francoeur practicing his footsteps for the new routine. She watched in secret, and it only took him a few tries before he had it mastered. A genius he really was, but a man? That was an even bigger mystery. Coming toward the stage, she pushed away the chairs, disregarded the empty space, and headed straight for him. He watched her with curious eyes, that red lipstick still on his mind. A smile spread across her face as she took his hands and made him sit. \"I was going to tell you yesterday, but you were sleeping so I waited. The good news is that Emile and Maud are getting married. Even better is that I agreed that you and me would perform. Do not forget, it is on the last week of May\" A chill ran down his back, but he chirped in acknowledgment. Picking up the sheet music, she looked it over, humming the melody to herself. It was not completed yet, but she figured it might come to her when it came to that part. \"Should we go over your new song?\" Shaking his head, he took her hands and started teaching her the new dance routine. \"Just follow my lead\" he sang With a smile, her eyes softened and began to sing. \"If I met a man who was just my type Then let tell you something that you just might like Like an effervescent memory I know you might be the one for me\" Smiling back, he joined her. \"I saw you run across poppies And I wish I had a bunch of copies of you And to tell you the truth That is the pleasure of youth\" With a little spin, she got a little mischievous with the lyrics \"If you cannot give me a diamond ring Then let me tell you something inspiring Like why you spent all your money On anyone who was not me So let me tell you something you might not like You just aren't my type. I might take it back if your really kind And do precious things that I will not mind But have you ever heard of security Or to honest and to be clean I do not need a child you see I need a man just for me\" The missing part of the song being filled with her spicy words was enchanting. Taking a flower from a vase, he placed it in her hair, adding to her flavor. \"A flower is nothing without smell And let me tell you something, just don't yell That I don't care about honey words Or why your dressed up like the birds But in truth and honesty, I know I am an oddity But oh, oh, oh, oh, oh You're the one I know\" Francoeur was not sure how to feel about her lyrics. Was it how she really felt about men in general or was it just a song? \"I need a good woman who would treat me right Someone to tuck me in at night It does not matter what she looks like As long as she will hold me tight Oh, oh, I need to tell you so, oh oh oh oh, I will let you know\" Do fleas have hearts she wondered, but she went on with it placing a hand where his heart should be. \"Loyalty and truth can be all it is that sets my heart a frizz You never know what is the cure for old fashioned sweet amour I like the flowers, I like the gifts But I'll tell you something curious You know, I can never let you go Because I know, know, know, know, know I never knew love before I never loved before I never loved before\" Something about the look in her gave him a funny thought, it was what humans called a kiss, but that would be wrong, wouldn't it? Before he could try, Lucille moved away, her cheeks that lovely color. \"I really liked the song, but I have to go-\" Looking all around, she tried to think of an excuse. Spotting an empty wine glass, she had it. \"I need to make some coffee, do you like coffee? Unless you want wine, but then-\" Seeing a quizzical look on his face, she backed away, flashing a pretentious smile. \"I'll go make coffee then\" Pouring him a cup coffee with extra milk, they rested for a while. Nibbling on a tea biscuit, she asked. \"Have you ever had anyone special? Like another flea?\" There was no answer, but he left and came back with some photographs. The group photo of her and the guys. She smiled but shook her head no and took away the photo. \"No, I meant someone who is your mate\" He shook his head no. It was only recently that he had been old enough to mate, though in his form it seemed it would not possibly happen. It did not seem all that bad considering the great time he was having. \"But you are happy aren't you? You would have let us know if you wanted to return to your old life I suppose. If there is anything wrong just let me know and we will handle it somehow. Anyway, why don't we go and get you a new suit? Something for tonight's dinner.\" He chirped, ready to go. In the evening they all ate at Maxim's, the whole experience a night to remember, but a question threw Lucille off. \"Where is your boyfriend Raoul?\" asked Commissioner Paté \"He is not my boyfriend, we are just old classmates\" \"Then is Francoeur your...\" \"He is my partner, in show business that is. As far as friendships go, nothing could be better\" Sharing an all knowing smile with Carlotta, dinner went off without a hiccup or any further questions about Lucille's love life. When they got home, Carlotta was bubbly like champagne and went straight to bed. Francoeur carried Lucille to her room since she complained her feet hurt though it was really the absinthe talking. Dropping her off in the dressing room, he laid her on the loveseat. He was ready to leave, but she grabbed his scarf pulling him in for a kiss. Wrapping her arms around him, she kissed him again, much more deeply until even he felt a little drunk. Releasing him, she giggled \"That is a kiss, people do that only when they like each other. Can you guess why I did that?\" It was warm and soft like a souffle. He felt a new sort of emotion, something wonderful, something new. It inspired a new melody in his head. With Lucille giggling, he tried to calm her down, but she only tried to place more kisses on his mouth. To to ease her, he began singing in her ear. \"My lovely firefly You illuminate music in the night Like angry sparks tickling my heart Your stare is like a compliment Warming up my inward parts Knowing that this beating was in my heart Breaking like glass into tiny shards All over the yard of my tiny brain I'm going insane You tiny torturess Your stare is dangerous I will follow your command Let me press upon a kiss on your white hand Then in turn you'd brush upon my lips another sweet kiss Like caresses while wearing white dresses to be seen only with my eyes Am I insane to think perhaps that what I feel for you might be love? Sometimes I feel alive when I am with you And my mind cannot decide what it is I want to do Do I want to live with you, or protect my dying heart? It is tearing me apart to think it might be true Perhaps you love me too Your eyes are like dazzling little stars Dancing in my veins causing me to hunger more then just kindness What if I go mad and do something I might regret? Am I just pet who met with a tiny net of dreams that come alive in your eyes? The feelings of surprise overwhelming me Am I the key that unlocks your heart? It is tearing me apart to think it might be true Perhaps you love me too\" His heart felt like a clock that was running in reverse, throwing words out of his mouth and he was ready for a verse. He liked the feeling of a kiss, it was warm and kind. Giving him a another kiss, Lucille whispered \"Just promise to be my friend first Francoeur, because romance can be so complicated. The rest we can worry about later, but for now just be my sweet companion and give me candy kisses\" He wanted to obey, but he knew her mind was altered by the alcohol. Pulling her arms away, he covered her with a blanket and left. Going to his office, he began to write all his new inspired words that popped into his head. She awoken something new in him, it was frightening, but all he could do was write.[Chapter 5] *I don't own A Monster in Paris or its characters Feel free to pm me if you have any ideas or thoughts on this or if there's anything you'd like to be included. Don't forget to review since it feeds my muse. Hope you all enjoy! Chapter 5: 70 days left A few days had passed, and there was no signs of Lucille remembering her drunken attack on Francoeur. He remembered each time she flashed him a smile though, but he wouldn't bring it up. Today they headed to the movie theater for the new Méliès film. Francoeur was not quite used to films yet, it frightening him the moving pictures, they were like living dreams alive on the screen. Lucille held his gloved hands during the show, easing his fears, but it did nothing for his invisible heart. He was relieved as soon as the film was over, stepping out into the light at the first opportunity; he was tired of dark places, it brought on bad feelings. Emile met up with them right after, bubbling over with excitement. \"Wasn't it great? It makes me feel more alive. What about you?\" Fixing her hat, she commented.\"I'm not sure if Francoeur agrees, but it makes me realize that my reality is not that extraordinary\" \"Not at all, I think it's great that you get to live a dream several nights a week. If I was so talented, then perhaps it would be my film playing in there\" \"In time it will happen, like they say, Rome was not built in a day\" \"Thanks Lucille. Me and Maud can't wait to hear your new song, I heard it was going to be revolutionary\" \"My aunt likes to exaggerate a bit, but yes it will be nice. Francoeur has been really inspired as of late, so I believe we will not disappoint\" \"I have to go, but I'll see you two later\" \"Bye Emile\" Walking down the boulevard, Francoeur enjoyed the twittering of birds, hoping to learn something from them. While Francoeur was distracted, Lucille noticed a few people giving them stares. Most of new Paris were opened minded to the masked Francoeur, but the older generation looked down upon him, thinking him still as the monster of Paris. But Lucille took it in stride, softening her eyes, and grabbing his arm with a smile. \"Do you think we can disappear?\" Examining the sincerity in her face, the curious faces stood still waiting for what would happen next. Looking at the curious faces then back at Lucille, he took off his shoes and gloves, holding them in one arm and scooping Lucille with the other arms. \"Where do we go while we stand middle in the road?\" He sang Seeing their hungry eyes still waiting, she caressed his cold cheek to spite them. \"Take me away from here, to see Paris the way only you can\" He was a bit hesitant, but he could not disobey. With a powerful jump, they flew through the air, lighter then dandelion seeds in the breeze. Lucille held tightly to her hat, clutching tightly to Francoeur in the process. For a few moments they free falled through the air, and she closed her eyes tightly, hiding her face in his chest. Clutching tightly to her, they landed on some strangers rooftop, scaring away the pigeons. It was a long way to the Eiffel Tower, but the view could not be beat. He quickly loosened his grip, afraid she couldn't breath. The initial shock of it all soon passed, and the color to her cheeks returned. Lucille took careful steps, but relaxed once she realized the floor wouldn't disappear. Finding a stray feather, she picked up a feather, and handed it to Francoeur. \"I never knew flying could make me feel as light as a feather.\" Sniffing it, he stuck the feather in his hat. He chirped, happy for the small gesture. He always seemed to be delighted by the little things she thought. However, all the nice times they had, something just felt missing. Making a little distance, she looked over the horizon, feeling suddenly small. \"Sometimes I wonder what it would be like if you could speak, if we were the same. The professor told us it was impossible, but I still wonder if you would learn somehow. What would we talk about? What would be your innermost feelings? I know you are a flea and have made sacrifices, but is what we do for you enough? Does this sort of life make you happy?\" Taking out his harmonica from his inner coat pocket, he started to play, and to reply the best way he knew. \" My happiness floats like fat butterflies Having more then I could ever want If I was selfish, then I wouldn't need dreams However realities taunt Life is not pretty like story books Or moving pictures on the screen I live quite fairly, though I can not spare the harsh reality Life is not always fair, but do I care? Of course I do when I dream I think of you And grab passing moments in time Do I lie? I try not to, to spare you a heartache For whose sake do I do what I do, there is no answer but you. At night it's hard to sleep with the thought of rising suns Cause every day I hope I will see another one You don't know what could happen or if I'll just disappear But in my head I try not to think of memories full of fear. Please do not ask if I feel heartache because I will tell you it's true I can't think straight at night Since my memories all lead to you\" It was pitiful, the shivering Francoeur, looking as though he'd shake out of his skin. Taking his hand, she gave it a squeeze. She cooed, feeling empathy like a squeeze to the heart. \"I won't ask anymore, but I hope you will tell me. Though I do wonder what you mean when you said all your memories lead to me?\" He was silent, he could not say what was on his mind because it was her that made him blind. In the evening, before the show, Lucille put on a blindfold over her eyes to fit the songs concept. Leading her to the stage, she felt the warmth of the stage light. \"Welcome to the Rare bird, I would say it is nice to see you but I cannot. We have another new song for you written by our own Monsieur Francoeur called, Color me blind\" \" Love covered my eyes leading to a world of surprise I cannot say it's nice to see you since I'm blind Color, color, color me blind Cover my eyes to the shining sunlight Color, color, color me blind Protect my eyes I burned them out in the middle of a bright shining day I spot a girl who looked like my next new prey She was pretty in her white dress, leaving my mind a mess I thought it funny for a bunny to pretend to be a a dove in distress Color, color, color me blind Protect this girl from the look in my eyes She doesn't know that she's the first to say let go But I do and I asked her why so She gouged my eyes in the middle of a surprised crying face She stole my heart with those puffy little cheeks and a warm embrace Color, color, color me blind By the look in her eyes Color, color, color me blind Protect my eyes Since then I can see no one else But the pretty White girl in the dress Color, color, color me blind Color, color, color me blind My hearts a mess for the pretty white dress of a girl who covered my eyes I must confess that I'll never mess with another girl in my life As long as you color, color, color me blind Color, color, color me blind Color, color, color me blind Shielding me from the look in her eyes\" Removing her blind fold, she tied it around his head. Picking her up, she sat in his arms while he played guitar with the free ones. Passing a finger over his lips, she began to sing. \"I met a man with the look in his eyes thinking I was his prey I said no and told him to let go, but then I could not look away He looked like a man I used to like, then ran away to another dame I was just a game, and thought it all the same so I cried thinking no other way Color, color, color me blind Protect my eyes So I embraced, facing all my fears and looked at the face of my new victim He was different, not unlike the man I used to love Like a dove I spread my wings and gave love a second chance And I will dance until it's true Until I can say I love you too Color, color, color me blind Protect my eyes Let me see freedom in the new man in my life Color, color, color me blind Never let him see the sunlight Color, color, color me blind until I can look him in the eyes\" Pulling off the blind fold, she pulled him by the scarf and they kissed, though unplanned, and she felt tears running down her face unexpectedly. With a cry, she looked at him with fierce reddened eyes, singing pleadingly. \"Let me see that the look in your eyes is for me And let me be the key to your paradise And you the same for me Like a story book Love me with just one look Until you despise the look in others eyes So won't you color, color, color me blind Color, color, color me blind Color, color, color me blind Till you see only my eyes.\" The audience roared, enjoying the new concept. They threw dozens of bouquets, flooding the stage with rose petals. Once the curtains were drawn, she embraced Francoeur. \"I loved every moment of it\" Meeting them backstage, Emile, Maud, and Raoul gave their praises \"That was like a live picture show except in real life\" said Emile \"I thought it was romantic\" blushed Maud \"I'm not sure how to feel about this, can you do that, you know kiss a flea?\" Asked Raoul Wiping away her tears, she retorted, poking Raoul in thy chest. \"We are performers, we entertain, we pretend, and we dream\" \"I loved it, what about you Maud?\" asked Emile \"I did too\" Raoul shrugged, thinking \"It was a bit sad\" \"I am so happy most of you enjoyed it. Please, finish the bottle I brought for all of you, it is delicious\" \"We will\" \"See you later\" \"Bye little star, don't forget to come down and see us every once in a while\" Taking Francoeur to her dressing room, she wiped the lipstick off him. \"You were very professional out there. I am so proud\" His heart was beating fast, that lipstick looking delicious. She continued to compliment, treating him like a child. Those odd feelings he had for Lucille were getting stronger by the day, and it hurt to realize the truth. Of course, this is how things were he thought, and she could kiss him like it was nothing. He was a pet and her his torturess.[Chapter 6] *I don't own A Monster in Paris or its characters To get this far is something I'm proud of since I usually write short stories. To whoever is reading, thank you for reading and don't be afraid to review or pm me. Please enjoy! Chapter 6: 69 days left Drinking her cafe au lait, she was happily enjoying her quiet morning until there was a knock on the door. Guests usually used the front entrance, so she assumed it was either the kids, or commissioner Pâté. Primping herself up, she put on her best smile and opened the door. \"Commissioner Pâté, what a surprise, it is so nice to see you\" Pulling at his collar, he cleared his throat. \"Good morning Madame Carlotta, is Lucille and Monsieur Francoeur available?\" \"I'm sorry, but they're running a few errands for me. Is there anything else I can do for you? Perhaps a nice stroll around town\" \"Forgive me Carlotta, anytime, but for now I must go. Just tell them to see me when they return, for now it's nothing to be concerned about\" \"Alright but don't be a stranger\" \"I'll call you later, good day\" The seamstress was more or less satisfied with her work, but to get a perfect fit for Francoeur was no simple task. After a few visits, it was finally finished. \"You look very fine in this color, and I do hope you'll come back\" Paying the shop owner, Francoeur pressed a kiss on her hand, and they were on their way. \"See Francoeur, that was not so bad.\" She smiled He chirped, enjoying the fit of his suit. It was a warm morning, and the streets of Paris was blooming. The couples taking strolls were a thing to envy, a bit inspiring as well. The gentleman would tip their hats, the young ladies blush shyly at the sight of Francoeur. He had become quite an icon as well, his voice winning most at the first note. The duo were hard not to notice, and a common sight for them to be seen together. On his way to drop off a few chickens, Raoul spotted Francoeur and his white suit. Honking his horn, he waved as he passed them. \"Hey\" he yelled from the window A chill ran down Lucille's back, her nose wrinkled in annoyance. Tugging on his arm, she urged Francoeur to move faster. \"Just ignore him, we are far too busy\" It was funny thing really the things humans did. Why did people act so strangely to those they considered friends? Who knows, but Lucille was always miffed when Raoul was around. It was an especially busy day for Raoul, and he knew he shouldn't be wasting time, but he was on a mission and also anytime he could get under Lucille's skin meant a few minutes well spent. Parking down the street, he jumped out, and checked his hair to make sure he wasn't a mess. Francoeur paused as he saw Raoul running, and a quick thought flashed in his head. He thought about grabbing her hand, and to hold her close as to show that Raoul had no right to pester her, but Francoeur also knew that woman had a way of saying one thing when they really meant another. Perhaps Raoul knew about this and took advantage of it while Francoeur was left in the dark. Strange feelings weighed heavily on Francoeur's mind when Raoul was around, similar to the feelings he had when Lucille kissed him for no good reason. He had no time to think about it since Raoul ran up and snatched his hat. Raoul laughed, flashing a wink at Lucille. \"Looks nice on me don't you think?\" The look they shared made Francoeur queasy, as though they were sharing a secret. Lucille saw the concern on his face, and took back Francoeur's hat. \"Don't you dare tease him\" she reprimanded Dusting off his hat, she replaced it, giving him that look that he liked, but it didn't last long. With a snap of his fingers, Raoul had her attention again. \"Do you know you two are hard to miss\" \"Had enough time in your schedule to miss us I see. What about your deliveries?\" \"I was just over at the cabaret delivering the champagne as usual. By the way, your aunt told me to tell you to go see the commissioner\" The word commissioner still made Francoeur shiver a bit. Lucille's annoyance dissolved, fear taking its place. \"Did something happen?\" \"I don't think so, she didn't look distressed about anything. Perhaps they just want a free show, but I'll give you a lift if you want\" \"Thanks, we would appreciate it\" Buckling his seat belt, he asked \"Is that a new suit? Nice work\" \"Just drive\" \"Alright, alright\" Looking at Lucille then at Francoeur, he asked \"By the way, I've been meaning to ask, is something going on between you two? It seems you two are inseparable, and I don't want to jump to conclusions, but are you two dating?\" \"Are you a gossip columnist now? Only immature buffoons like you would jump to conclusions. We are fellow performers, and though things might look one way, things are not always what they seem\" \"Whatever you say princess, but that onstage kiss looked pretty real to me\" \"It was a bit improvised, but the audience seemed to like it\" Raoul wondered who she was fooling, though it hardly made sense. She was a singer and Francoeur a freak of nature, but then all scientists/inventors were open to new ideas. If the rumors were true, then it was a dent to his chances. Stopping in front of the commissioners office, she winked \"Thanks for your concern, but I enjoy my freedom\" \"We can't be free birds forever princess, see you two later\" \"Can you believe the nerve of that man? Insufferable man\" Through the double doors, they entered the office, a quaint space full of mismatched police officers and their patrons. Everyone in the office smiled at the duo, proud of the famous pair. Right around the corner was the commissioners office, and upon entering the office, they were happy to see its new occupant. \"Good day commissioner, you were expecting us?\" \"Please, sit down.\" \"Is something the matter?\" \"You two have been getting really famous as of late, even foreign newspapers are starting to mention the famous duo. I feel that with your growing popularity, that you should consider your security and safety. And I just wanted to let you two know that we may need your cooperation in the future\" \"No problem, we would be happy to do all we can\" \"Miss Lucille, if you could, would you wait in the lobby for a few minutes? I'd like to talk to Francoeur a bit\" She looked a bit hesitant, but Francoeur didn't looked bothered by it. \"I suppose you could. Francoeur, is that alright with you?\" Shaking his head yes, he flashed her a smile. At the door she looked back. \"I'll be in the lobby, take your time\" Waiting for the doors to close, Paté cleared his throat before he continued. \"Thank you for coming to see me. You two caused a little stir yesterday when you jumped upon the nearby rooftops. You don't have anything to worry about, though you might want to be more cautious in the older part of town. This however was not want I wanted to talk to you about. A few people in the audience the other night expressed concern over that onstage kiss. I don't have anything against you or your relationship, but you might want to realistic. By no means do I judge you, but I just wanted to advise you if you will. I don't know how long you will be with us, but if it's not long, then don't forget how your actions affect those around you\" Shaking his head, the commissioner continued. \"But by far, I think you're sincere. I'll come by the cabaret soon, and don't forgot to think about what I said\" He met back up with her in the lobby, though he didn't look so happy. Hooking his arm, she smiled \"That wasn't so bad was it?\" The air in the room felt thin, and the walls were closing in. He had to get out of there, everything just didn't feel right. Tugging her arm, he led her outside, and let her to an empty alley. After a couple of deep breaths, he let her go, unsure of what had occurred. \"What is the matter?\" Pointing up, he removed his gloves and shoes, and he scooped her up. \"Where are we going?\" she asked Pointing up, he cried, unsure of what else to do. Holding her close, his singing voice trembled. \"I... We need... To go\" He shivered as though it were the coldest day on earth, and it disturbed her. Perhaps while she was away he heard something he didn't want to hear, but it would do no good to push him any further. \"If there is somewhere you need to go, then I'll go too\" With a light purr, he jumped, bouncing off countless rooftops before Lucille had time to breath. His face looked determined, with a faraway look in his eyes. Her heart raced with excitement at the possibility that she could fall, but that wouldn't happen, would it? They stopped outside of the greenhouse before her mind could answer, and she knew instantly what he was planning. \"Do you need to see the professor?\" Shaking his head yes, he took her hands and cried. He felt so cold without a fur to hide in, and her hands were always so warm and inviting, that it was hard to not hold them. His exoskeleton felt cold to the touch, like a reverse fever. Wrapping her scarf around him, she cooed, her voice laced with concern. \"Do you feel sick Francoeur? If only you could tell me what's the matter\" Taking her inside his coat, her warmth was like a balm to his wounds. \" I feel so cold, and I don't know why My heart is burning like a terrible cry \"I have so much to say, but cannot tell\" So keep me warm till my heart can swell\" Only time can really tell\" \"The commissioner said something didn't he?\" He chirped in reply. \"Did he scold you? If he did I sure he didn't mean harm\" \"No, but he spoke truth and the truth hurts more then lies\" Hugging her tighter, she felt herself crying too, empathetic to his situation. And he held tightly as though he were looking for a place to hide. \"Things are always complicated aren't they, especially if you don't want them to be. I really don't know what to tell you\" Letting out a chirp, he let her go and led her by the hand to see the professor. If anyone would know what to do, it would have to be him. The professor was right in the middle of lunch when he spotted the pair. \"If it isn't the famous pair? What can I do for you?\" \"I think Francoeur wanted to speak with you. He has been really distressed and I guess only you could help him now\" \"No problem Miss Lucille. If you would Charles, why don't you show Miss Lucille the botanical gardens\" Leading the way, the professor until they were out of sight. \"I don't have to guess how you got here, but tell me, what is the matter?\" Taking pen and paper, Francoeur illustrated what occurred and asked when he was done. \"What can I do?\" \"Are you in trouble?\" Drawing the lovely Lucille, and a few of the events that occurred, the professor was starting to get the idea. With each event, Francoeur's face grew more warm and kind, a bit more human then the professor expected. \"It's worse than I expected, you're in love aren't you?\" Dropping the pen, Francoeur froze, it felt much more shocking then he thought it would. \"I see, well that is a problem. It seems you're becoming more human by the day, which explains a great many things about you Francoeur. And not only that, you are maturing so it's only natural that you'd want to find a mate. Right now, if you were to count your time in human years, I'd say you were in your early twenties. I could give you something to help you relax, but I don't think that's the problem is it\" Taking out a little comb, he smiled as he fiddled around with it. \"I know I will die, since my parents only lived about three months. What can I do?\" \"I'm not Frankenstein, so I will not make a monster out of you. But did you stop to consider that perhaps with proper treatment you might live longer?' \"Perhaps, but I'm off blood now\" \"You are only hurting yourself you know. Alright, I'll come up with something, but in the meantime, take a drop of this everyday. This elixir will speed up your digestion, so you'll have to eat more often, but it might improve your vitality. I can't tell you how to live, but why try so hard? Why not go back to being a flea?\" Pointing to the lovely Lucille, he smiled. The professor couldn't be anymore proud nor could he be anymore willing. \"It's because of things like this that give me a reason to work harder. I'll get on it right away. Charles, bring miss Lucille back\" Holding a red rose, she tucked it in Francoeur's pocket, shivering in delight. \"I wish you could have seen it, the garden was extraordinary. Professor, I would love to see it again\" The future looked like it was going to be an interesting development, and the professor smiled. \"Of course young lady, come over whenever you'd like\" Waving goodbye, Francoeur smiled down at her. It was nice to have friends, and even better to have someone to care about. Lucille made it easy to like her, and she felt the same about him. \"I'm glad you're feeling better\" He purred, and looked at her warmly. The breeze that followed soon after was a bit chilly, and he held her close to keep her warm, thinking she would feel as cold as he did. Lucille wondered at times how he could be so amiable, and kind in a way that could cause misunderstanding. Her heart acted deceptively, beating fast at such kindness, as though a man, a very attractive man held her close. He was maturing, and it felt nice to be with him, but it was wrong, she couldn't, she shouldn't feel something he couldn't understand she thought. Moving away, she said \"Come on, we should get going.\" He was slightly disappointed, but they had a show to prepare for. Scooping her up, he sang lightly. \"Whatever you wish\" Her cheeks glowed brightly like bleeding color, and the picture of her at the moment was like a beautiful stain that couldn't be removed. And he was sure that the memory of her was something he intended on never removing.[Chapter 7] *I don't own A Monster in Paris or its characters it's a short chapter, but I hope you like it TheJokerMan95, and thanks for the review. Chapter 7: 65 days left Every glass, plate, and balled up napkin in reach which could be thrown was thrown Francoeur's way and caught by one of his many arms. Lucille walked in with three cups of tea, clearly unamused. \"Don't do that\" she scolded \"Do what?\" Chuckled Raoul Francoeur stopped writing at the sound of her voice. Even if he did nothing, he still had the tendency to feel flighty when frightened. Lucille looked his way and smiled, motioning him to continue what he was doing. Across the room Lucille set down the tray on a nearby table, her heels clicking as she walked up to Raoul. Taking away the cup from his hands, she slapped his hands. \"Stop throwing things at Francoeur, it's rude and can't you see he's busy?\" \"But it's so cool how he catches everything\" Actually, Francoeurs arms had a mind of their own at times, but this time he was thinking of how to avoid damage if it could be helped, so in turn he caught everything. Handing Raoul his now cool cup of tea, she retorted. \"If I had that many arms I would catch everything too, but now isn't the time for that. So if you could stop and focus at the task at hand then I would appreciate it\" \"But it's so boring\" \"Nobody said fixing the lights would be interesting\" With a sigh he finished his tea and climbed back up the latter. \"You know, it takes six men to carry a coffin, but it takes only one woman to put him there\" \"What is that supposed to mean?\" \"Nothing, unless I fall off this latter, then I'll know who to blame\" Holding his cup of tea, Francoeur watched as the two argued. They were like overgrown children to him, since she was serous while Raoul was all games. Lucille was what you called very modern, and wouldn't take things sitting down. Raoul irked Lucille in such a way that even she couldn't understand. Like she would say, he was still the same idiot from the first grade. \"It's always convenient for a man to blame a woman for his problems\" Even if he annoyed her, irritating her was the only way he'd get her attention, but sometimes things went a little too far. \"And it's always convenient for a woman to ignore what's in front of them if it meant reattaining her freedom!\" The silence in the room was awkward for everyone, and if it wasn't for Francoeur's chirp then it would have remained. \"It's not like everyone wants to get married you know, some of us have standards\" \"Standards huh, I'm sure your knight in shining armor will come in any second now. Oh look, a second passed, and another and another, I don't think he's showing up\" \"I don't think he's showing up either\" Shrugging his shoulders, he let it go and complained about the task at hand. \"What am I doing here anyway? Can't you hire an electrician?\" \"My aunt is out of town right now and won't be back for a few days, so I'd rather not invite strange men that I don't know\" \"And I suppose I'm a strange man you do know?\" \"Yes in fact, you're absolutely correct\" The first genuine smile Raoul received all morning was a gappy grin which was too cute too ignore. The mood in the room kept changing, faster then Francoeur was comfortable with. First she was angry, then she was laughing and smiling, and it seemed Raoul manipulated her feelings. How could Francoeur see Lucille's many faces too? He would never want to be hated, but he wanted to be liked, to be liked more then she already liked him currently. Rubbing the back of his neck, Raoul took a tiny leap, sounding more serious then he preferred. \"Say Lucille, if you're not busy or anything, would you like to see that new Méliès film tonight? What I mean to say is that I couldn't get Emile to shut up about it unless I agreed to see it\" \"Me and Francoeur would be happy to go\" Francoeur didn't like films, but anywhere Lucille went he was sure to go, but the look on Raoul's face said otherwise. Climbing down the latter, Raoul sighed. \"Actually, I thought perhaps it would be better if just you and me went. You know, to attract less attention\" It was common knowledge that the singing duo were getting really famous, but in Raoul's case, what he was trying to say was a different story. Lucille thinking Raoul as the simple minded fool, she misunderstood completely. \"Are you saying that Francoeur is a nuisance?\" Holding his hands up in defense, he tripped over his words. \"No Lucille that's not what I-\" \"And you claim to be his friend when you talk so treacherously, this I cannot accept\" \"That's not what I meant, I was just trying to-\" Francoeur's confused face made her feel more hurt then she'd thought she'd feel. Her blood boiled at her own confusion, and she raised her voice. \"No, I won't accept that. He is just as welcome as you and me and anyone else who pays for a ticket\" \"You don't get it, you never do. I'm out of here as soon as I fix this light\" The hurt in his voice was real, just as the broken light needed to be fixed. But she wasn't going to crack now and apologize, not now, not when the hurt was still there. \"I'll leave some money on the table by the door, don't forget it on your way out\" \"I won't\" Francoeur soaked in their words, taking it as inspiration for his new song. It was going to be full if hurt and strife, but it was going to be good. Hopefully it would be able to fix more then missed chances, but to ask things broken. Lucille walked out of the room with an empty look in her eyes, and Raoul continued on working quietly without complaint. Francoeur felt relieved, but sad at the same time for Raoul. If all things were as simple as song, then perhaps they would get along better too. He knew what Raoul meant, but Lucille was just too stubborn to see it.[Chapter 8] *I do now own A Monster in Paris or its characters This chapter got a bit too intense when I was writing it, not sure how the rest that read this will feel, but I hope you'll enjoy. And special thanks to TheJokerMan95, who really encourages my muse with each review. Chapter 8: 62 days left Popping into Francoeur's study, she found sitting at the piano, currently in the middle of song writing. \"I'm sorry to intrude Francoeur, but there really isn't much to eat in the kitchen and since we've been cooped up in here for a few days, I thought you might... Do you want to go out for dinner?\" Shaking his head yes, he followed her to the door, and reached for his coat, but stopped at the sound of her voice. \"Wait, there is something that has been on my mind lately and I wanted to ask if you would know whether or not it was true. Other then our onstage kiss, did I ever kiss you without your permission?\" Panic instantly rose within him, causing him to jump back a bit, feeling timid and backing into the coat rack. \"I can explain\" she said immediately Sending all the coats to the floor, his arms instinctively reached out to pick them up, but one of them tried to reach out for her. She felt the tension in the room rising, and in his eyes was fear and the readiness to flee. She approached him, and he continued to back away, holding up coats in defense. But thanks to misplaced furniture, he fell into the loveseat. \"Francoeur!\"she cried He groaned, but he looked undamaged. Taking away the coats, she reached out to grasp his hands but he moved them away, still afraid, shivering terribly. She had hoped he wouldn't be so shocked or nervous, but despite his mature appearance he was still the innocent flea nature intended him to be. She lowered her eyes in shame, softening her tone in hope that he'd understand. \"Before I continue, I just want to say that you did nothing wrong.\" He stopped shivering immediately, but fear still lingered in his eyes. \"I'm sorry for scaring you, I just thought I...I just wanted to tell you that you didn't do anything wrong. What happened was an accident, and I don't want you to think it was your fault. I did something you might not understand, and it was completely selfish of me. I kissed you while I was in an inebriated state and for a little while I thought it was all a dream, but after our onstage kiss I remembered\" Touching her lips, she blushed lightly at the remembrance of it. \"I remembered what it felt like to kiss you, and it felt so familiar, so I tried to remember why I knew what it felt like. And a quick thought of that dinner with my aunt and commissioner Pâté brought it all back. I feel ashamed for my behavior, so I hope you will forgive me. I don't think I could bear it if you were upset with me\" His look appeared confused, but he took her hand and chirped. Warmth swelled in her heart, something a bit hard to describe. Her cheeks glowed brightly at the realization of their closeness, and her kneeling there and staring up at him did not ease her troubled nerves. It wasn't natural, to find a flea compellingly attractive, to stare kindness in the face as though nothing could be any sweeter. A longing was building within her to do something she just apologized for, and to have such strange feelings of longing should have been illegal, but for a woman of a certain age it wasn't completely unordinary to have such feelings, especially if you hadn't the time to meet others of the similar age like other girls did. \"If it is alright, then I'd still like to go out for dinner\" Shaking his head yes, he sat up, ready to help her. Picking her up, by the waist, he set her down right beside him, and helped her with her coat. She did likewise, and their eyes met with a friendly hello, a bit shy for no apparent reason. \"I'm not sure what to say, but I was thinking of somewhere quiet\" That last word seemed to hang in the air longer then she intended. A chill ran down Francoeur's back and he stood up immediately to fulfill her request. He wasn't a fan of surprises or surprised feelings. Retrieving a map, he returned and pointed to the location of the botanical gardens. Giving him a quizzical look, she asked. \"But Francoeur, like the name says, it is a garden.\" Pointing there, he seemed determined they go, so she acquiesced. In the alley, he scooped her up, the smell of roses tickling his nose. Her perfume felt nostalgic, and he liked it when she smelled like that, but her breath was even sweeter. She smiled back up at him, making him feel more self conscious then he remembered feeling. They didn't have to try too hard, and he made it easy to like him, making it harder for Lucille not to feel like a school girl blushing at her handsome young teacher. Her cheeks glowed that pretty color, so healthy she must be he thought. The word mate sounded so agreeable when paired with the name Lucille, but he shook it off at the remembrance that she was ashamed at the thought of kissing him, and it was simply nothing more then pretend when they kissed on stage as well. \"Let's go Francoeur\" Their acrobatic trip from the cabaret to the botanical gardens was something Lucille was sure she could never tire of, especially the feeling of weightlessness. The setting sun burned the skyline scarlet, and it was already looking like a good evening to Francoeur. They were surprised that the professor welcomed them so freely, and shared his stuffed, modified quail that was enough to feed them all. While Lucille starting touring the gardens, Francoeur and the professor talked. \"My cooking ain't that bad huh? So what is on your mind?\" With pen and paper, he drew an extravagant picture of Lucille surrounded by rose petals and her name in large bold letters before dropping the pen. \"I see, well I can't help too much on that department, but how are the drops working out?\" On a new sheet of paper, he drew a small question mark. \"I recommend giving it a few more days, and take as needed. If there are any changes, then come see me immediately. Please enjoy yourselves and I'll call you over when the pie is done\" After a brief talk with the professor, Francoeur met with Lucille near the giant sequoia and marveled at the many wonders of the garden. However, the better part of the evening, they sat under the cherry tree, eating a freshly baked cherry pie. \"I guess mixing chemicals makes him an expert in cooking too. Do you think he would give me the recipe?\" Though Lucille did all the talking, there was no such thing as too much from her. She was like spice, that extra flavor that made everything better. The combined sweetness of the pie and it's color, Francoeur was in bliss and did not mind that he ate most if it. \"You are lucky that you were born in a place like this, it is just so beautiful, and I doubt I have the talent to describe it.\" Francoeur flinched at Lucille's touch as she wiped the crumbs from his mouth, making him self conscious at how he ate. But she wasn't like the others who looked at him with fear and distrust in their eyes, no she looked at him with warmth and kindness, making it even harder to dislike her more. \"Your almost like a child sometimes, but it's alright to act childish every once and a while.\" He didn't like that word childish, he wasn't a child, at least he wasn't trying to be. His lack of knowledge of the world was what gave him that naivete charm that brought out Lucille's motherly side. And while he enjoyed her kindness, it wasn't exactly the kind he wanted, at least not from her. Looking all around, it was no surprise to Lucille where Francoeur came from, but he didn't know about her and where she came from. It wasn't knowledge she liked to share, but they were family now, he had some right to know. \"Francoeur, you came from a place that I might not understand, but I do know where you came from. However, you don't know about me. Would you like to know where I came from too?\" Shaking his head yes, he chirped. Rising from her seat, she placed her coat on and ground and sat. The air carried a nostalgic scent, and she should have realized it sooner, but Francoeur was wearing her father's sent. Where he got it from she wasn't sure, but it fit him well and it comforted her a bit. \"It's funny how much time may pass and how much we think we can't remember, but then a friendly reminder comes our way and and kick starts our memories. You see, I have lived in the cabaret ever since I could remember, and I can hardly imagine living anywhere else. I'm not sure if you have parents, but if you do then I'm glad. I sometimes wonder what it would have been like if my parents were still alive. Once I was old enough, I asked my aunt to tell me their story, and like then, it's a difficult tale to tell.\" The tone in Lucille's voice changed slightly, and it was something he had never heard before. It was alarming, and he sat at the edge of his seat, eager to know the reason for such a change. Taking a deep breath, she held it in for a few moments and let it go before she continued. \"My mother was a cabaret singer just like me, a petite little thing who enjoyed singing like it was her first language. And my father was a peculiar man with a scruffy beard, who played the violin with the house band. They say my mother sang like an angel, and that was why my father fell in love the first time he heard her sing. I guess you can imagine what happened next. I came along, and mother and father continued on and they made sweet music that I wish I could remember. This story has everything that you would expect in a fairytale, except for the happy ending. My story was set to be happy, that is until father died of influenza. Mother died soon after of unknown causes, but people tell me she might have died of a broken heart.\" Her voice was getting lower and quieter, something he didn't want to recognize. Taking another deep breath, Lucille felt she might not be able to finish, but she wasn't ready to give up. Biting down on her lip, she gathered her courage and continued. \"I hope I never have to lose anyone like that, it would be too depressing. It doesn't hurt as much as it used to, but sometimes the old customers tell me I look just like my mother, and I want to tell them to be quiet, but then I lose all my words and find myself stuck in the thought of what if-\" Closing her eyes, she tried her best to hold it in, but when her eyes opened again tears flowed without permission, and he was there, his head tilted, with a napkin in hand. \"I'm fine, really I'm-\" According to Francoeur, there was already enough sadness in the world, and Lucille didn't deserve it. Scooping her up, he rocked her in his arms, feeling protective of her. Wiping her tears, he held her close and sang to her. \" Miss pretend, you said we'd be together But you find yourself on an empty stage Feelings with no tether Just performing empty lullabies for yourself Just a single melody on the page of life Waiting for a little help You're a breeze that carries my hope A shell of could be Perhaps eternal mystery My precious melody You're precious to me You're not alone anymore Because you will come home to me My lovely darling dream If you need to scream I'll let you be But never hide away from me I'll let you cry, I'll let you scream, but remember this lullaby Does it hurt to smile or are you afraid of the dark? My pretty lark, if it hurts, then don't forget to dream of a world without misery One day you'll see that I'll guide your melody I'll be sad if you tell me, I'll be love if you tell, I'll be your everything I'll be your hurt, I'll be your love, I'll be your dream Dear heart, I love you to the highest extreme No more talk of darkness, or missing memory Miss pretend you were always real to me If someday you forget yesterday's dream Just know you were always real to me Melody's turn to rhapsodies if you see You're not pretend, or a fantasy But someone who I see, who was always tangibly A dream made alive, Lucille of Paris\" Her body shivered, and his presence was a welcomed distraction. He was so good to her, to the point that she wanted to admit she enjoyed their onstage kiss, and his attentiveness, and how he knew what she needed without even asking. It could have been pure instinct and meant nothing, but she knew better then to think such things. He was someone she could... Who she could... Who she shouldn't.. She couldn't let her mind finish the sentence without feeling the pang of hurt, but she said softly, and he must have heard despite the smallness of her voice how much she wanted to go home. Once home, he carried her upstairs, and she was falling asleep after all her crying. He set her gently on her bed, and she blinked back at him. Her eyes were a bit puffy, but her cheeks were still that lovely red that he adored so. Kneeling beside her, he was ready to wipe away more tears, but then he returned the handkerchief to his pocket. He purred as he held her chin, her breath warm on his face. Call it instinct or whim, but he wanted her to feel better. There was one thing he could think of, and he knew it would not be right, but he wanted her to be okay. Pushing him away lightly, she giggled. \"There's no show today Francoeur, so we don't have to pretend.\" He didn't want to pretend anymore, and it was cruel in a sense. Why couldn't it be real? Why couldn't they be together just like everyone else thought? Purring lightly, he sang softly in her ear. \"Miss Lucille you were always real to me\" Her heart raced in a way she was ashamed of, and she thought it wasn't appropriate to feel that way for someone who was family. But he was not related to her, it would be impossible, and her dreams of finally having a brother were being crushed by the day. Lucille knew it wouldn't be right, but Francoeur was so sweet, and if anyone could understand, it would be him. Closing her eyes, she whispered. \"You're going to hate me in a moment\" Unsure of what she meant, he thought there was no possibility he could ever hate her. Removing his gloves, he wrapped his arms around her, enveloping her in the safety of his arms. Hugging her tightly, she whispered his name, and he held her tighter as she relished in the scent of his coat. He enjoyed these new reactions, they were pleasant to watch. He purred as they sat there, feeling at peace in their embrace. Taking his face in her hands, she kissed him lightly, forgetting about the consequence. Each peck softer and softer, warm and sweet, the remnants of cherry at the tip of her tongue. She giggled at ticklish kiss he gave her on the cheek. \"You're so sweet Francoeur, perhaps a little too sweet for my taste\" Something about the way she teased made him more eager to please. Holding her tighter, he deepened the kiss, feeling happy that he didn't feel so lonely when he was with her, and she felt the same. He was someone she didn't have to feel so afraid with, someone that would let her in, and how they were close in a way they didn't have to understand. When they parted for air, she sat there in his lap for a while, not knowing how long she had been there. Burying her face in his chest, she wondered if his heart beat just like hers. Francoeur couldn't believe how great their day had been, but she was finally felt like his, even if it was for a moment. For the first time in his life, he had something he didn't want to share. Even if Madame Carlotta were to walk in at any moment, he didn't really care, because he truly loved Lucille. When she whispered his name, it was like electric ran through him, and being together with her was all he really wanted. She was happiness, and the only thing that mattered, and perhaps she knew how much he loved her. And if she didn't then he was ready to show her. Giving her one last kiss, he felt her breath linger, and he sang his confession in her ear. \" I love you Lucille\" His words tingled in his mouth, and his head felt funny, as though he was losing air. Just the fact she kissed him must have meant she loved him too, she just had too he thought. His words reverberated in her mind, and it all began to click. Opening her eyes, a pair of expectant eyes looked back at her. With widened eyes, she asked him in case she had heard wrong. \"Is that true?\" Shaking his head yes, she felt happy at his declaration, giving him another kiss. Her tears began to fall again, and he tried to wipe them, but she wouldn't let him. He couldn't protect her forever, and she didn't intend for him to. \"Sometimes it's okay to cry, especially if someone is happy, and it's okay if I hurt sometimes too, because it only means I'm human.\" Her statement carried more hurt then she intended to. Moving away from him, she felt a wave of shame was over her once more. His eyes flashed uncertainty, and she knew that it was too late to take it all back. She was hurting him, and making him misunderstand. Why did she do it? Had she really been craving attention so badly that she didn't care where it came from? No, that wasn't it. He made her feel good, and he was perhaps the only one she could always rely on. He understood her better than anyone she'd ever known, but was what they had real? Francoeur did whatever she asked him to, and just the thought that he might even die if she told him to brought up unexpected anger. How could someone be so selfless to the point that it meant their life? No one did that, but Francoeur would, because he loved her and she... She shouldn't have, and now it was all her fault. \"I'm sorry Francoeur, I got lost in the moment and I-\" It felt so difficult to find the right words without choking up. Biting down on her tongue, she confessed something she never told anyone. \"You were my first kiss, and I was yours. To me you are an indescribable flavor, a wonderful life giving flavor, and I can see why anyone could fall in love with you. You make me feel so happy, and you have more heart then anyone I've ever known, and have so much to offer. But the truth is, that I'm not sure I'm capable of those sort of feelings you ask of me. I have never been in love before, but I know I feel something for you. I don't want to lie and tell you I'm sure of something that is really isn't true, and ruin everything we have. If what we have is real, then time can only tell. So I can't respond to your feelings now, but I do want you to do something for me, which is to learn not to listen. You have free will, and you can choose what it is you want to do. I never want you to put yourself in danger because of something I've said. You're in charge of your life, so don't let anyone tie you down.\" With the ringing off the telephone, she headed for the door, but she hugged him as tightly as she could before leaving. Hiding away from his eyes, she said in a soft voice. \"Goodnight Francoeur, I hope you'll think about it what I've said\" Leaving her room, tears kept falling and she knew they shouldn't have been but they had a mind of their own. Francoeur walked over to his study, and felt a new sort of emotion building up in him. It felt like a wave of distrust, like an empty hole of pain filled with the insecure what have I done . It was worse then his loneliness he felt before he met Lucille, like a punch to his pride. Taking a few more drops of elixir with a glass of water, he drank it down, feeling like he was suffocating. He was ready to go back to writing his songs until something leaked onto his papers, a red stain that tasted like blood. How could he bleed if he wasn't human? Unless it was residual blood still left in him. He wiped away at it, ashamed of his animalistic behavior that he used to have. It kept leaking, and thoughts flashed though his head. They shouldn't have, he knew they shouldn't have, but they kissed, and it was far too much for Francoeur's body to handle. He hugged his body, looking for the warmth his body couldn't provide. Feeling upset, he pushed himself away from his desk, and crawled under a fur. Wrapping himself tightly, he felt such terrible feelings he couldn't describe until another new thing occurred. A warm liquid came from his eyes, and all he knew was it was something humans called tears that were usually related to sadness.[Chapter 9] *I don't own A Monster in Paris or its characters I wanted to update faster, but I've been trying to write through writers block and lack of inspiration. So I apologize if it's not that great, but hopefully some part of it is worth reading. And this is a really long chapter so I'm sorry about that too. And thanks to TheJokerMan95 and others for the constant support, it really helps my muse. Chapter 9: 61 days left Tip toeing upstairs, he passed her door, down the unforgivingly noisy stairs. One little nob turned on the green light, above the round kitchen table. Passing his hands over the scratches that were made in the yesterdays, he scoured the shelves for something to eat. One jar of spiced peaches, two jars of pickled beats, half a loaf of bread, and a cup of sugar water. A terrible hunger ached to be satisfied as he swallowed it all down. If the ants could see him now, they would have envied his circumstances. Passing the grandfather clock, he tried to disregard the time, though it was ten before seven in the morning. In his study, he changed into his black coat and matching chapeau, unsure of how he was going to leave without saying goodbye. He never went out without Lucille, and it felt like a betrayal. It would not be for long, and she could not know why, she could never know. However, she had the right to know where he was going. Clearing away his sheet music in haste, he knocked his cologne bottle over, a gift from Lucille after their first show. He was quick to replace it back on the desk, but a bit of it dripped on his only clean sheet of paper. What would he say exactly? Dozens of thoughts knocked into each other, Lucille was like a fire in his heart. He burned, he breathed, he needed Lucille was what his thoughts kept telling him. Waves of intense discomfort washed over him, making his breath hitch a bit at the thought of her smile in such close proximity. What would he say to settle the burdensome issue? How could he make her understand? With his pen, he dictated the words of his heart, explaining his actions, repeating the waves of emotions. He could still see it, the look of disappointment on her face. How she bit her lip and avoided his stare, how she tried not to cry, trying not to feel. \"I'm not sure I'm capable of those sort of feelings\" Were the words that rang in his head, feelings of dread, and stupidity, so much stupidity. His hand paused in mid writing, and he looked out the window. Opening the window, one sniff told him the weather report. A small chance for rain, light fog, and Carlotta. She was on her way, so he commenced his letter writing, hoping he could be out before anyone would notice. Policeman rode their bicycles through the cobblestone streets, looking for early signs of crime. One passed the taxi like there was no tomorrow, though the woman inside it knew it wasn't him. The commissioner would be far too busy to be riding bicycles these days she thought. The taxi stopped, letting out the plump woman and her suitcase. Now, no one would really bother asking where she went or how long she was gone for, unless you're a man with champagne to deliver. \"Good morning Madame Carlotta, you're looking well rested. Did your trip with the commissioner go well?\" \"Oh Raoul dear, don't be scandalous, we didn't go together. I was simply visiting a few relatives in the country side\" \"Sure, I believe you, you sly thing. Anyway, I have your delivery of champagne\" Giving him a once over, the boy looked a bit thinner then usual, and perhaps in need of sleep. From her purse she had took a few coins and placed them in his pocket, hoping he would think about stopping for a bite. Then a fine idea occurred, at least it sounded fine to her. \"Say dear, after you leave the champagne in the kitchen, why don't stay for a while and join us for breakfast?\" Thinking back to his recent misunderstanding, he thought it best if they avoided each other, at least until the hurt was forgotten. Scratching the back of his neck, he sighed. \"I am hungry, but I have a busy day ahead of me. Perhaps a different time\" He looked a bit uncertain about his choice, but there wasn't much that could be done if he refused. Flashing him that all too familiar smile, she replied \"Alright, have a good day Raoul dear. Don't be a stranger, come by when you're not\" Smiling weakly, he nodded. \"I'll try\" She thought it was such a waste that Lucille couldn't like someone so unique, but life doesn't always go the way you plan it. Going through the alley way, she was about to knock when Francoeur opened the door. His towering figure in his worn coat and chapeau gave her a little scare, but then she remembered what Lucille tried to tell her. \"This is you isn't it? This is what you really look like?\" She took a deep breath and smiled, \"I must say you look thinner this way, although... \" and what she had done next was unexpected. She took his hands, which were usually hidden inside a pair of white gloves, but were undisguised and natural in that moment. In all sincerity and kindness, she softened her eyes, exhibiting an unknown maternalness, and kissed them as though she provided a blessing. \"Although you wear a suit quite well, I hope you will be comfortable enough to feel natural, that is when you find the time. Anyway, have a good morning sweetheart, I see you are on your way out. However, you are not here to tell me good morning, are you?\" Handing her a letter, he pointed to Lucille's name. \"This is for her?\" Shaking his head yes, he helped her with the luggage, and nodded goodbye before he jumped away. Either Carlotta was unlucky or everyone was running away from her this morning, but the thought of a warm bath won her thoughts over, and a pair of nice slippers beckoned as well. The sunlight poured in from the balcony like a stranger, chasing away the darkness of night and introduced the light. It's warmth blanketed over her as though it were telling her to wake, and she tossed and turned to avoid interrupted sleep, but to no avail. Shielding herself with the covers, she had hoped to sleep in, but the sound of her aunts voice ruined her plans. \"It's time to wake up Lucille dear\" Blinking away the sleep, her eyes focused on the round face of her aunt, soft and kind. \"When did you come back?\" \"It's not important dear, what I really need to know is why your eyes are all swollen?\" Pulling away the covers, Lucille stretched and began to comb her hair. Looking at the comb, her eyes lowered. \"It's nothing of importance, but... I... Do you if Francoeur is up yet? I need to speak with him\" \"He left dear\" \"What? When?\" \"He left right after I got home, but I'm not sure where he was off to in such a hurry. The poor thing was almost naked, wearing just a coat and chapeau. He give me a bit of a fright, but you were right, he is something else.\" Jumping out of bed, Lucille looked for her going out dress. So what if her hair was a mess, or that she was willing to skip her bath? She wasn't about to let Francoeur walk out. \"I'm sorry auntie, but I have to go find him\" Love triangles and such were happening right before her and to think she was too busy half the time to enjoy them. Nevermind it she thought, living in the moment and for the future was more important. Making her niece sit, she covered her shoulders with a shawl and handed her a cup of coffee. \"When you feel better, I think you should read this letter, that is if it means anything dear\" With the roll of the wrist, Lucille received it with reluctance. On the other side, in large bold letters, the curves of her name was written with the style of a doctor stole her attention. Her hands shook as she broke the wax seal, unsure if she was willing to read it's contents. Was it a farewell? Lucille sat there for a few moments, quiet and listless, her emerald eyes glazed over. \"Francoeur is talented isn't he?\" She commented \"Is something the matter dear?\" Unknown to her aunt, Lucille could smell hints of his cologne. The elegant strokes of his pen made her heart flutter, and she could imagine the the swiftness of his hands as he spelled her name. \"The way my name is written on this page, it's so beautiful isn't it? What more do I need to know\" \"No one goes through all that trouble just to write a pretty name. Go on, read it, I won't peek\" Taking a deep breath, she unfolded the letter, and this is how it read: Dear Miss Lucille, Do not be alarmed if you cannot find me in the morning, but I've gone to visit the professor for the day. Last night, my behavior was reprehensible, and you must think me a blaggard for my persuasive nature. By no means did I intend to presume that we are what isn't, but I do like to dream of what could be. If I am not such a scoundrel as I think myself to be, then I will delight in the thought of being honest. On a different note, I have had time to reflect and thought that since you have told me about your life, I think it is only appropriate that you hear about mine. Before we met, before any sort of self awareness I had, never had I known kindness, or affection, or anything you could call good. I am or like to think was, a parasite, a flea with the purpose to live, procreate and die. If it wasn't for the tomfoolery of monsieur Raoul, I would never have had the chance to know anything but the life of a flea. Now, looking the way I do, my life was set to be of disgrace and darkness, and for a little while as the monster in Paris. Then I heard a voice, before I even know what a voice was, beautiful like life. I had to know, I had see where such a sound came from, and it lead me to you. Though we met in a peculiar manner, I found my voice, my self expression, the first signs of awareness. Then you heard me and you came back and I knew you were different. My first thoughts were how small you were, a little lady with a sweet voice. Giving me a name really was what won me over, Francoeur, or honest heart. Dressing up was a bit amusing with all my arms here and there, and I wasn't sure where to put them. To be honest, with you dressing me up, I was embarrassed. I had never been in such a close proximity to a female, and thought you very appealing, especially your eyes and how they shone when excited. It's true, I didn't follow your direction completely, but it was difficult when there was so much to see and to learn, I guess you could say I was curious. Performing with you, singing with you, dancing with you, has been some of my greatest happiness. It is without a doubt that we have had our adventures, clearing my name, my fake death, then my comeback. I never wanted to leave then, it was beyond my control. Though it was due to Raoul's tomfoolery that I am who I am, the mix of potions were weak and limited and that was why I shrunk back. How I still retained my mental faculties is uncertain, but I'm happy that you found me. Over a month has passed, and life as usual is anything but. We are friends are we not? So without further adieu I'll get to the point. I thought about what you said, and I've taken it into consideration. To be honest, I am confused as well. You see Miss Lucille, I do not think it's right to be shown such kindness and affection and expect not to feel anything. I feel so greatly for you, and even if you tell me to leave I cannot not do so. I might sound selfish, but I'm aware of everything now, I'm aware of the fact that you might feel the same way for me as I do for you. So I cannot stop, and I will not leave you, not as though I have much of a choice. You have bewitched me body and soul, and I love you. Therefore I will be back as soon as possible, but until then, I will think of your sweet lips and warm arms until I can return to them. With love, Francoeur Closing the letter, she closed her eyes to hold back her feelings. Words flashed in her head, as though he were right before her speaking. Colorful words, painting a picture, painting a story in her mind. When feeling different didn't mean you were strange, to be no matter where you are? Was that love? Could she honestly say that? She had no idea. Her bubble of silence was broken by the sniffle over her shoulder. Wiping away her tears, Carlotta hugged her niece. \"Darling I approve, I wholeheartedly approve\" Folding the letter, she placed it under her pillow to read again later. Francoeur was maturing by the day, and it was something she wasn't prepared for. What would people say? How would they be treated? She didn't know what to do. \"This is not what you think, we aren't together\" \"Darling, who do you think you're fooling? He adores you, and like I said, it took him a few days to mature a bit\" \"It is more complicated then you think. I have no idea how old he is, or how he takes his coffee, or...I... I just don't know. To be honest, there is so much I don't know about him.\" \"Sweety, what is the matter? You two look so happy when you're together. Is there something you want to tell me?\" Closing the curtains, she turned on a nearby candle, gazing at the flickering light. \"He is like this light, something that is so essential to life, and I need this to see in the dark. However, can a creature born in darkness live in the light?\" Blowing out the candle, she turned, qqopened the curtains once more, sighing in frustration. \"I ask myself such questions in the hopes that it wouldn't seem so strange. I'm not sure how to say this, or whether or not you would think it's right\" Wrapping a shawl around her shoulders, Carlotta softened her voice, and made her sit. \"I had no idea that you were feeling this way. Please, won't you tell me what is the matter?\" There was so much to tell, and she wasn't sure where to start. Her face reddened at the thought of it, and yet was there really anything to be ashamed of? Giving her aunt a side glance, she confessed.\"Me and Francoeur kissed\" Carlotta wasn't that surprised.\"Well everyone saw that during the show\" \"No, that wasn't the kiss I was talking about. Before the onstage kiss, I... We kissed when I was drunk after our dinner at Maxim's. I thought it was a dream, and those eyes just looked at me as though they were never going to leave my side. I didn't care if Francoeur wouldn't understand, and I stole it, I stole his first kiss. He was sweet like the first rain of spring, and innocent like a child before the bloom of youth. The kiss you saw, which was the onstage kiss was the first time I knew what kindness tasted like. Then, there was last night. I knew I shouldn't have done that, but during the span of our acquaintance, I felt myself drawn to him in such an unfamiliar way and yet so easily, that I don't trust myself\" \"Anything else?\" \"He loves me, he told me so\" \"Even I could have told you that dear\" \"But I told him I wasn't sure if I could feel the same\" \"Why would you say that?\" \"I had never felt this way before, and I'm afraid that I cannot feel the way he needs me to feel\" \"I think you have it all wrong dear, you are just going to let time show you the way.\" \"What if I cannot respond to his feelings? It will ruin everything\" \"What I think you should do is wait until he gets home, and do what feels right. I like him, he treats you right. And please make up before tonight's show, wouldn't want to disappoint your fans\" \"Alright\" With a light rap at the door, Charles answered and saw Francoeur. The two needed no words to know why he was there, and Charles welcomed Francoeur in with ease, and lead him to the professor. Though the professor was in the middle of an experiment, he stopped and welcomed Francoeur since he was currently getting no where in his three week experiment.\"You're here early, I didn't expect you so soon, though I suppose you are because you have news?\" Taking pen and paper, he illustrated the events from the night before, from the kiss to his first tears. The professor was surprised, though he held back his excitement and offered kind words instead. \"Francoeur, your a little over a month old now, and well you're more mature. What makes you different then an animal is that you have self awareness, and you can choose what you want to do. Yet, you choose to obey Lucille and it's because you obey her that makes her worried about you so. Though I suppose you made all these changes because you want to live with her. However, she'll have to know someday about your circumstances\" Handing Francoeur a cup of wine, he continued \"On a different matter, you said you were bleeding and crying? Well it seems you were expelling the left over blood and since it stopped I believe it's all out. About the crying, well it's part of your self awareness, and it just means you have a sense of humanity in you.I think it's great that your discovering all those wonderful things, and have the capability to feel various emotions, but I agree with Lucille and she's right, you are free to live the way you want to. Now, you'll have to eat more often and eat heavier meals and drink plenty of fluids to keep up with your bodies demand for energy. Still, I'm a bit concerned about your emotional responses, that is to say, will you be able to handle all these new emotions?\" Drawing Lucille another picture of Lucille, Francoeur hugged it. The professor chuckled at the adorability of his big friend. \"It's all for her huh? Well that's admirable. If you could, I'd like to take a few tests to check how your health is going. Is that fine?\" Shaking his head yes, he pointed back to his drawing. \"I know, it's all for her\" Lucille arranged the bouquets as though they would look less lively without her touch. If she closed her eyes, she could imagine him right behind her, touching the blooms and delighting in their scent. It would inspire a lyric or two before he'd put his pen down and sip on some wine. If she tried to spy on his work then he would hide it away and distract her with a new melody, or a cute little dance. In her minds eye, he was so quiet and calm, never the kind to cause any trouble, but then she ruined it with a kiss. Pain made her open her eyes, and she winced as blood trickled down her finger. She had been careless and cut herself on a thorn. Throwing away the dead roses brought a sort of empty satisfaction that only lasted for a moment. The staff avoided her all afternoon, and it was perhaps for the best. She looked a bit listless, and hummed a lonely melody. The clock chimed five o'clock, and the staff busied themselves while she made her way upstairs. The stairs creaked with every step, a welcoming sound that reminded her of what was normal. It had been a curious thought that had bothered her all day, of what was right or what was normal. In her room she retrieved her new dress and went back downstairs to her dressing room. The time was getting closer and he still wasn't there. He never missed a show, and she never had a reason to believe he would. Her new dress was a pain to put on without her aunts help, and it was looser then she remembered. His new suit draped over the loveseat like an empty shell, sending a small wave of pain. She tried to ignore it as she shuffled through sheet music, arranging a group of songs she could sing alone, and planned to hand them to the band. Opening the door, sheets dropped to the floor, a light gasp escaping her throat. \"Francoeur\" She was between a laugh and a cry, and as though she couldn't decide, she did what felt natural. One caressed cheek, two eyes that looked down at her, three seconds before brushed lips. With two hands on his scarf, she pulled him in for a kiss. Even without all the effects of champagne or wine, she felt little and bubbly. She was between happiness and surprise, and her lips tingled as they parted. Now if any onlookers were to see them, you'd think them as lovers, but they knew, they were anything but that. What a coquette she was, and how she made it hard to remain calm. She lingered, looking up into his eyes. She leaned into his cool hand, and his soft clicks and purring tickled her ears. He looked undamaged, unchanged, but there was an air about him that felt different. She let him go as she realized what she had done. \"I'm sorry, I...I..\" Pressing a finger to her lip, he smiled. His hat fall as he took her into his arms, and hummed a lullaby. With an unknown gentleness, she hugged him back and wept. His vision in scarlet cried like a child that had lost its parent. It was then that he knew he made a big mistake. He had hurt her, and there was not much he could say to fix it. Even if he could tell her sorry, it would never be enough. Affection wasn't something that always came naturally, but with Francoeur it was almost a second language. His eyes never left her sight as he carried her to the loveseat. He stroked her hair as he eased her down, and he grew cold as they parted from each others arms. Her eyes softened as he kneeled beside like a prince in a story book. Kneeling right beside her, she reached out to him. He purred as he leaned into her hand, and he watched as her eyes softened. He purred as she caressed his face, her sigh like a painful slap. \"Where did you go? I was so worried\" Handing her the drawings he made of her, and a few notes from the professor, she felt somewhat relieved. \"I see, but that is no excuse. If you want to go out during the day and do things and see people that is fine, but like everyone else you are expected to be here on time an hour before opening\" Time was still a concept that needed used to. Why did humans have the excessive need to live by numbers? But then again, his life was like a living number. Didn't she get his letter? Way was she still unhappy? He had hoped a few hours would make her forgive him, but it didn't. Laying there, she wondered when was the last time she relaxed and tried to delight in the quiet. Francoeur had quite a nerve she thought, to do everything and nothing to stir her feelings without even trying. In her brief history with men, there are those who noticed her, the ones she had no time to notice, her friends, and Francoeur. No one had been so close to the vulnerable places like he had been, and it was frightening. You see if she imagined it, she is free bird, rare bird, perhaps any sort of bird would do to describe her except trapped bird or caged bird. She didn't like the idea of being anyone's songbird, or to be stuck in the dark. A soft trill broke her delusion, leaving her to look for something to say as his glowing eyes hardly blinked as he waited for her next response. Why was she so quiet? How was it that women could talk so much on some days, but then so quiet when it was most important? While he was worrying. She just blinked back at him, stuck in her little world. If she could have looked into his thoughts, to see the world like he did would she be frightened? There was no way he could answer since such abilities don't exist. Though, as he recalled, people cared for the little things, and that thought was comforting. Seeing the mess she had made, he proceeded to pick the sheets of music up one by one, placing them near the piano. It saddened him a bit when he noticed to notice they were all solo versions of his music. She really did think he was leaving, otherwise there would have been no plans on changing a thing. He wanted to scream, to be able to tell her from top of lungs how sorry he was. He tried and tried again to say Lucille without singing, but the sounds just wouldn't come out. Other then singing, he was no better then a mute. He couldn't scream, he couldn't yell, not even talk. He didn't mind if he couldn't reply to Raoul's jokes, or if he couldn't tell Emile that his favorite Méliès film was Le Voyage Dans la Lune, but not being able to tell her that he loved was what really bothered him. Trying to ignore his hurt feelings, he took his new suit and changed behind the screen. Gloves to cover what were not soft hands, a suit to hide what was not flesh, a mask to hide the blue tint of his outer shell, and to top it off a hat to cover where no hair would ever grow. He looked as human as he possibly could, but was it enough? The before and after look of Francoeur didn't feel as striking as she thought. He was overall, a very appealing person. His presence around her had became familiar like the air she breathed, and with that thought she smiled again. Why did he have such power over her without even trying? Grabbing his guitar, he sat on a nearby chair. He needed to distance himself a little, he needed to focus on other to her, she made a face when she was curious about something. And her eyes examined him as though he had food on his face. Even though he needed to focus on the task at hand, it was like an invisible force made him stare back at Lucille. He smiled at the sight of her cheeks which puffed out in a pout, and felt nervous over the sight of her fleshly pink lips. Her thoughts were interrupted by the sound of his guitar and she saw him looking back her. Her heart jumped at his smile, and she felt a sight panic at thought of them being alone. From where he sat he could hear her irregular breathing and heartbeat, hopefully not due to her health. Her dress was deliciously dangerous, filling his senses with delight. Every hand gesture, every blink, and every smile were like compliments and he received them happily. He could barely stand the distance, and with a single stride he was before her again. \"Are you not going to practice?\" Shaking his head no, he leaned in closer to listen to her heart. From where she was, she could count the feckless under his eyes. The brilliance his skin had a reflective quality to it, sort of like the surface of a pearl. When had he become a man to her she thought? He was an overgrown insect with human like tendencies and she a cabaret singer. Who would understand? Francoeur looked for the source of her erratically beating heart. It was in her chest somewhere, as spirited as a rabbits heart. She looked at him quizzically, wondering what he was doing. Her eyes shining like twinkling stars glistened as she smiled at him. \"Can I help you?\" Backing away, he knelt down beside her and wrapped his arms around her as he rested his head on her stomach. He felt a leap in his chest, like a cuckoo in a clock. Her existence was a tease, and it really tested his sanctity. They were so good to each other, and that was probably their downfall she thought. He felt so cold to the touch, and yet she didn't want to let him go. Was a day apart really too much for them to handle? Perhaps his thought processes were different, like how he described in the letter. \"Francoeur, you're a good boy\" He purred so happily like a loyal cat to it's owner, and it was pleasing. She hadn't have given much thought to their awkward position, but from the open door the band chuckled as they passed by. A blush rose to her cheeks at the realization of how intimate and cosy they looked. Pulling out of his grip, she closed the door, her heart racing with a treacherousness she didn't recognize. \"Francoeur, I know that you are really affectionate, but for a lady this is really embarrassing. Right know we should get ready and next time I really... We really should be more careful.\" She looked down at her feet in embarrassment, and the blush in her cheeks turned that pretty color again, and he thought it suited her so well. He could hardly think straight as he picked her up and held her in his arms as though she would disappear. She was too pretty for her own good he thought. The way her hair fell down her back in waves, and the scent of her lavender soap, her tiny wrists connected to her hands. How was it that such a song bird of a girl didn't break in his grasp? His train of thought was interrupted by the small giggle from his Lucille. \"Why do you look at me like that? Sometimes it seems as though you want to tell me something, but then you don't say it. What is it?\" In his smooth sing song way, it sounded like a ticklish whisper. \"Embrasse moi\" he sang in her ear She was taken aback by the directness of it, a tiny gasp escaped her throat. He flinched at her reaction, a little sorry he even asked. A blush deepened in her cheeks, and although a little hesitant, she gave him a peck on the cheek. His freckled love really knew how to warm his heart, but he felt more then that, he felt panged. Their time together together would someday be nothing but a distant memory, and he wasn't sure when would the right time to tell her would come. She would surely hate him if she knew, and it really made it bitter sweet. A small groan escaped his throat, and instantly the flicker of worry flashed in her eyes. \"What is the matter?\" Pointing to where his metaphorical heart should be, he groaned again in agony. \"Does it hurt, does your heart hurt?\" Shaking head yes, he held her tightly near him afraid to let go. Looking into his eyes, she could see the fear that lied in wait. Caressing his cheek, a blush arose, his purring ticklish against her ears. With a softened voice, she asked.\"Does it hurt when I'm near you?\" Francoeur wasn't sure how to answer, but he held her tighter. When his grip on her a started to hurt, another part of her started to worry. \"Francoeur, you have to let me go, you're holding me too tightly\" He loosened his grip, but he didn't let go. He could sense it, the change in his mood, and it was exciting. His newfound emotions wanted to keep her hidden, to control her, but she was a free bird. Was it the drops? Or was his confidence growing? Who knows, but it made him happy nonetheless to have her there. Wrapping all his arms back around her, his sad feelings changed to a false confidence as a smirk spread across his face. He meant business, and Lucille was reassured that he had changed. \"Francoeur?\" Snapping his fingers, he sang with a bit of flavor. \" A little bird said I shouldn't listen She had misty eyes and lips that glisten I plea for a kind word everyday And ask for little love to come my way\" With pretty words, he mesmerized her, like a moth to a flame. Honesty had always been a cloak he wore, and though she wanted to stay angry, it was hard when he knew what she wanted. \"I know we shouldn't do this, it's too soon, way too soon to get serious\" Shaking his head no, he unwrapped a piece of candy, and placed it in her mouth. Chocolate it was, terribly sweet as the melted goodness dripped down her throat. He wiped away the bit that dripped on her lips, and continued to sing. \" If sweet words should feel so bitter Then let me listen to all your twitter Then let me place kindness upon your tongue So that persuasion may take it's place and leave you wanting for none\" He approached her again, a kiss was only a few moments away, the temptation was great, but she covered his mouth since there were still a few things she wanted to know.\"No Francoeur! You have to wait and listen to what I'm about to say. You left without a word this morning, and I was afraid you left because you were angry with me. Do you understand that you did a hurtful thing? Even if it was unintentional, I thought you had left.\" Letting her to, he took something out from his pocket, a single gold locket and placed it in her hands. \"What is this? Where did you get this from? Did you buy it?\" Shaking his head yes, he closed her hand over the locket, and watched the wave of emotions that passed over her face. A heart shaped locket in the palm of her hand, no pictures inside. The thought of getting their picture taken was pleasant, but it didn't answer the question. \"Do you think gifts will buy my affection? That is not how things work and you cannot buy someone's affection. It is wonderful, but you do not have to do this\" Placing it on her desk, he reached for her hand but she pulled away, looking a bit upset. Lucille wasn't the kind to throw a tantrum, and her irregular heartbeat steadied, but each time he was near it danced, and he knew what it was. Fear lingered in her eyes, but anger as well lied in wait. \"I don't know what to do, what do you want?\" Singing softly in her ear, she became tense at his touch, though not uncomfortable. \" You may be angry now, but soon you'll sing my rhapsody Our tiny, secret melody At the drop of a glove you ignite the light of amnesty My rare bird made of fire Show me what it means to be free Guide my dire life in a breeze with a tiny shove I'll drop to my knees A soft breeze that spills from your song From what I've heard is never wrong Please tell me carefully How much you disagree my lady And all the things we may do At least know I don't always have a clue Is everything I knew always wrong? Tell me do you like my song? Every word of kindness is not lie I hope Or I will die before the end of this song Or I will die before the end of this song! But if it's true, that you love me too I'll leave you now and acquiesce to cope ooh But help me guess how much you like by the end of this song Help me guess how much you like by the end of this song! A little bird said I shouldn't listen She had misty eyes and lips that glisten I plea for a kind word everyday And ask for little love to come my way If sweet words should feel so bitter Then let me place kindness upon your tongue So that persuasion may take it's place and leave you wanting for none And leave you wanting for none! And leave you wanting for none And leave you wanting for none! And leave you wanting for none\" His eyes reflected a silent confidence, and no matter how much she looked for the naive flea she was so familiar with, he was disappearing. Whoever he was now was frightingly attracting her with velvet words and a eager spirit. She backed up into her piano, making it cry an awful sound. Their hearts beat like crescendo, and she was backed into a corner with no where to go. Hugging her body, her voice came out shaky.\"I...I am not sure what it is... What it is that you want from me. I know you seek to please, and that makes me happy, but what is it that you want in return? What... What do you need?\" \"I want Lucille\" One heartbeat, two heartbeat,too many crazy heart sounds in her chest . Everything was getting dark, her body no longer responded. He caught her before she touched the ground, her limp body so light and vulnerable. He placed her on the loveseat and waited. He wanted to kiss her again and again until he couldn't breath, but it would be wrong. Placing a hand over hers, he watched her rest, hoping she would soon wake. What had he done? What was coming over him? To be so possessive over her, to be afraid she wouldn't like him. His uncertain feelings and his intense interest in her fueled his impatience. Her eyes blinked open to see the towering figure sitting beside her. Her heart ached at his gentle eagerness, and she felt the need to explain. \"I'm not sure my heart can take all this excitement. It is too soon to get so serious, and we are moving too fast. So if you will excuse me, I have to get dressed. Please do understand, I do not have time to play games with you\" He felt sightly hurt by her reply. Didn't she know? His feelings were always real, and he wanted her to know. His life so far was short, but everything was so new and wonderful that he didn't really care. Pressing a kiss on her hand, he sang lightly. \"I don't like to play pretend\" Pressing kisses on her palms, she laughed at the ticklish feeling. \"Ha... Stop it... Ha... It tickles\" Distracted, he stole another kiss, and another despite her plea.\"Haha... We hav-\" He interrupted her with another kiss, and her already blushing cheeks became an even deeper scarlet. \" Lucille\" was what escaped his mouth between breaks for breath. Pulling away, she looked up at him and sighed. \"We have to get ready\" \"Mon chérie amour\" Everything that he was couldn't have been a lie. Letting herself believe it to be true, she whispered \" Mon chéri, there is no changing your mind is there?\" Wrapping all arms around her, she stopped resisting his attempts. She was melting, and she was losing herself in it. \"I don't remember what else I wanted to say\" He lifted up her chin to smell her sweet breath, and she felt self consciousness melting away as their faces were drawing closer. Closing her eyes, a tear ran down her cheek. His odd bout of emotion changed again, and this time he felt nervous and afraid. He just wanted to kiss her as though it was all that mattered and now, all he wanted to do was protect her. He hesitated, looking to see if she was hurting anywhere, but if she was hurt then he would make it better. It was heartbreaking how beautiful he was, and how much more she felt the strong possibility she couldn't disobey. Grabbing his scarf, she pulled him in for a deeper kiss. Closing his eyes, his tears began to fall as well. The warmth of his tears wet her cheek, and she cried even harder as her heart was breaking. \"Francoeur you're so beautiful\" His heart felt as though it were set on fire, and it hurt in the most brilliant way. Whatever it was, as long as he was with Lucille he didn't have to be afraid. They didn't notice the knock at the door, but suddenly she felt him freeze up. \"What is the matter? Got nervous?\" she teased Coming in, Carlotta blushed at the sight of them. Thinking she interrupted an intimate moment, she was quick with her message. \"You're on in twenty minutes. Alright dear?\" Pushing away from Francoeur, she retorted. \"This is not what it looks like\" \"Of course dear\" Closing the door, Carlotta left and fanned herself as she went out to greet the guests. Looking back at him, she winked. \"You're lucky you're cute or I would be furious\" Smiling happily, he strummed away at his guitar, feeling somewhat satisfied with himself. She could feel his eyes watching her every move, but she took it stride, and put on her on face. \"Welcome to the Rare Bird, it is so nice to see you tonight. It is so nice to see everyone, and as usual we have a brand new song\" Going to his place with the band, he picked up his guitar and began to play. Lucille closing her eyes slightly, starting to sing, her voice more classic and soft. \"The place where you came from is different Then anywhere I will ever know I cannot describe the feeling Of what it means to be alone But I found you in a dark place And knew you were just like me A Creature born in the darkness With melody born again Free How did it feel to be so different? To feel you are all on your own? To know that you are special? To know that now you are home I will never leave you Cause now you are more then pretend It's not the end, but the beginning Now I know you are different My almost lover, my friend\" Jumping out of the orchestra box, he took her hand and spun her around. Looking into her eyes, he felt that soft affection once more, like all that mattered was her. As though it were a private declaration, he began to sing. \"Beautiful, you are beautiful everyday I cannot disobey cause there is no other way I collapse under your love like a souffle Because now I see more then just a friend I cannot pretend that this song is the end I love you my powerful light my almost lover, my friend\" \"Gold upon gold is so useless if you cannot hold me in your arms If that special something is thrown away without regard How can I forget you if your always in my way? I know that we are happy but there's so much more to say I cannot live without you, my heart will never sway I love you my almost lover, my friend\" \"You knit me sweaters when it's cold outside If I get scared I'll run into your arms and hide I never thought things would this hard To always hold just a blank card And to think of you and find the words stuck in my head To think kindness would bring madness of a different kind And some have no concept about our kind, and how our love is truly blind But roses without thorns cannot hurt me Danger without trying is boring Like a pure white flame without heat The heat of your love cannot be contained How do I tell you we are the same?\" \"I know we may be different And I know that were the same\" \" I Creature born in the darkness And you my special flame\" \"If ever I should lie then let me run away and die I hope you can be my lover, my friend\" Disregarding the crowd, he lifted her up and spun her around, the crowd eating up every moment. With a smile she whispered. \"Francoeur, we have to wait till the show is over.\" Letting her down, they waved and bowed until the curtains were drawn. Even in the low light, he could spot her blush. Lucille turned her face, and said on a lie voice. \"We have to meet the guests first\" Letting her hand go, she left to attend to all formalities as the usual meet and greet. though truly Francoeur just wanted to take her away and have all her attention. She looked alive as she stood within a crowd while he waited at table five, drinking his favorite wine. Lucille's dressing room was filled with bouquets, many from admirers and a few with no name. With the amount of roses she received, she wondered if she would someday drown in them. \"Should we open a perfume shop? I swear what am I going to do with all these roses?\" \"There was more, but Francoeur took them to his office. Not sure what he does with them, but he somehow gets rid of them. Anyway, you two sure looked darling out there. It's a pity that your friend wasn't here tonight. But like I was saying, you two were absolutely adorable.\" \"Thank you\" \"And look at you, growing so pretty by the day. It's so hard to believe you're growing up. And to think, I never would have imagined that you and Francoeur would-\" \"Would what?\" \"You know, give it a chance\" She wasn't sure if it was out of the goodness of her heart or if it was just something she wanted to do, but it felt necessary. \"Nothing in this world is certain, but I want... I want to do what makes him happy, and what makes me happy.\" With a kiss to the cheek, her aunt was half way out the door. \"Listen sweetie, I have a few phone calls to make, but we'll talk tomorrow\" \"Alright\" \"Should I let him in dear?\" \"Yes\" Opening the door, Carlotta smiled and whispered to Francoeur. \"Be good to her\" Carlotta was always a bit of a mystery to Francoeur, a boisterous bubbly woman that was hard to dislike. With a small nod he waited till she was out of sight and closed the door. He took a seat at the piano, tapped his fingers on the keys, not sure what to do. He stopped at the sight of her loosened hair with its invisible scent like a red flag before a bull. Moving away from the piano, he sat at the loveseat. Removing her wings, she took his hat much to his surprise, and took off his shoes and gloves. \"You must feel cramped from having to wear those gloves to cover your talented hands and those shoes that cover your rhythmic feet. Tell me, does that feel better?\" He wondered why she was humbling herself and getting down on her knees. He tried to help her up, but she put up her hand and stopped him. \"I want to show you how sincere I am. Do you understand?\" Shaking his head yes, he handed her a pillow to cushion her knees. \"I have been acting so fickle, thinking I could justify my actions as kindness. And I just assumed you wouldn't understand, but I can see that you look restless lately. You must think that I'm making fun of you, or that your just a obedient child. I never thought of you as anything less then a friend, perhaps as a brother for a while but never as my servant. You're getting older aren't you?\" Shaking his head yes, he looked away. \"That explains a lot.\" She reached out for his hand, but he moved away, afraid he did something wrong. \"It's alright, you don't have to be afraid. Tell me, did you have fun tonight?\" He shook his head yes. \"Me too. It was fun like always. We will always have fun together, that's something I can promise. You have made things so much brighter, and I sometimes wonder if I can keep up with you. You're amazing, and I have never met anyone like you, that is why I'm willing to try, to date so to speak. But I must warn you that somethings won't change. When we are working, it will be as respectable as possible. Then when we are not working, things will go on as usual, but with the acknowledgment that we are more romantic. Is that understood?\" Shaking his head yes, he's patted her head and smiled. In flea years he was already older then her, and if he was a man, he would have spoiled her rotten. She blushed lightly at his gesture, and hoped she had even more good news. He seemed to be taking it well, but what was surprising was that his hand felt warm. Looking at the pillow beneath her knees, she remembered the letter. \"This morning I received your letter, and I thought it was sweet. I imagined that you were talking to me through your words and I felt so moved. I would... I would like it very much if you wrote me more letters. Your words, your honest eloquence, I could really get used to that. I want to get to know you, to understand the way your mind works. Could you do that for me?\" He felt so happy that she was finally beginning to understand. He was ready to steal a kiss when she blocked it. She giggled, though her blush was deeper. \"And we might need to talk about kissing. It isn't all about physical affection you know. To be in a relationship means to share, and it also means making a emotional connection. You already seem to know how to please me, but what is it that I do that is so appealing? That is what I want to find out. You do not have to answer me now, but I would like to go to bed.\" Standing up, she noticed how his eyes followed her figure about the room, as though he were hypnotized. \"I have the feeling that you enjoy the color red too much. I do not like pushy men Francoeur, but I don't think you're like that at all, are you?\" Purring happily, he took her hand and kissed it.\"I suppose you're happy, well you should be since... Since this is the closest I've been to anyone. \" Shaking his head yes, he scooped her up again, set her on his lap and started to braid her hair. He smelled good, like maple wood, though his body hard to the touch. She wanted to stop him, but then thought that curls in the morning wouldn't hurt. \"You really are a curious flea, but I like you, and I like the way you make me feel.\" Taking one of his hands, she kissed it.\"I like you Francoeur\" \"Can I keep you?\" Kissing his hand again, she held it as though he would let go. \"Only if I can I keep you too\" Pressing a kiss on her lips, he whispered \"It would make me happy\" Snuggling on the couch, she sighed \"I'm happy\" When Carlotta came back to check on the two, she found them on the couch fast asleep. He had his arms curled around her and she was asleep on his arms. Taking a blanket from the closet, she covered them up. \"Sweet dreams you two\"[Chapter 10] *I don't own A Monster in Paris or its characters This was a really fun chapter to write, and I'd like to thank TheJokerMan95 for the constant reviews as well as everyone else who reviews. This is a light and fluffy chapter, so yeah, I was in the zone with this one. I have great plans for future updates as well as song ideas, focus on other characters, and conflict. For now there is this, and don't forget to review since it encourages my muse, and describe what you might like to see in future updates. Hope you enjoy! Chapter 10: 60 days left He woke early with the need to use the bathroom, but froze at the sight of the sleeping figure tucked in his arms. When had he fallen asleep? And why didn't she go to her room? He figured they were so tired they hadn't realized they fell asleep. She felt so warm lying next to him, and he wondered if that is how married people felt like. He got up with her still in his arms, and made his way to her room. If only he didn't need to go then he could still be with her, but of course he was never so lucky. He carried Lucille to her room and left her in her bed, feeling a new kind of feeling. He was beyond happy, he felt at home. As his footsteps faded away, she smiled a bit to herself and turned over, covering herself with the covers. It was five after six, and Carlotta was up for her daily chore. She would go out and visit the bakery down the street, waving hello to everyone she would meet. When you're surrounded by bread and all sorts of good things to eat, it can be particularly hard to keep a good figure if you enjoyed a little extra to eat. But no, she passed over the sweets and picked up her bread and croissants, hoping to keep trim. Policemen on bicycles rode down the street, giving tiny nods at the plump lady. If it wasn't the commissioner, then she paid no heed. He will come by she thought, when he wanted to see her and went home. Breakfast is never a dull moment, though sometimes Lucille wished it was. Francoeur was feeling a bit possessive this morning, so he had her sitting in his lap and Carlotta was fine with it. \"Honey, can you pass the croissants?\" Flashing her aunt a look, she replied. \"I would, but I don't Francoeur is going to let me go\" \"Francoeur dear, could you pass me the croissants? Francoeur was too happy to notice Lucille's irritation, and happily passed the plate of croissants. Carlotta wasn't exactly used to the whole my-niece-is-dating-an-insect, but the extra arms are handy so to speak. \"Don't you just love mornings? Though I do wish you would smile dear. Why aren't you eating?\" She asked nonchalantly as though such things are routine. \"How can I eat like this? I cannot reach my plate. At least Francoeur has four arms, but I am useless with just two\" \"So, are you two official yet?\" \"Perhaps, though I'm not sure if this is how I want to spend my mornings\" \"Now, now, I'm sure it is not all that bad.\" Looking back and forth between the two ladies, he took mental notes in body language and speech patterns. Carlotta had the tendency to see the world in an optimistic, it-only-matters-if-it-concerns-me sort of way. By no means was the woman selfish, at least not intentionally, though she did have the habit of making everything her business. Lucille rolled he eyes, and replied with an air of sarcasm. \"I told him to choose what he wants to do and I guess that means holding me hostage while we eat\" \"I think it's kind of cute, in a weird, out of this world way\" \"I don't remember him being so possessive\" \"Looks like we have a keeper\" Looking up at the smiling flea, Lucille sighed. \"Francoeur, if we have to sit like this, then can you at least feed me?\" Shaking his head yes, he handed her a buttered croissant. He looked willing to feed her, though she took it from his hands and smiled weakly. \"Thank you\" With the telephone ring, Carlotta left to answer it, leaving the two alone. Francoeur let her go, much to his disappointment, and gave her a letter. Putting down her hand finished croissant, she smiled at the sight of her name. Lucille's smile really was a tease, and he felt the strongest inclination to kiss her, but she blocked it with her hand. \"Self control Francoeur, it's a quality all gentleman should possess\" She was teasing him he thought, and something about it really was enticing. But as she blocked him with her hand, he proceeded to kiss that hand and she giggled, giving him an opening to press a kiss on her lips. She let out a small yelp of embarrassment at the sneak attack, and cried out as he moved away. \"Francoeur, you naughty thing. How dare you, and especially considering how early it is\" He hardly heard a word as he smiled happily, all caught up in his pleasant thoughts. He could sense her embarrassment, though that was only a small part, and he could tell part of her liked it. Her blush was enough to claim victory, and he was off to write in his study. Her heart jumped at the surprise, and it took a few moments to calm a bit. She picked up his letter, and took a sniff. The light smell of wax did not over power the scent of his cologne that permeated the paper, and the sheer excitement, the thrill of not knowing what was written made her all the more curious. Breaking the wax seal, she paused to take a deep breath before she read it. It read: To my Lucille, How are you this morning? If only I could ask you, then you would answer back, and whatever you would answer back would be a delight. I had been awake since two in the morning, therefore I write you this letter. Do you know what it's like to wake in the night to find your lover in your arms and to think that the world isn't such a bad place? That was what happened to me. I had woken in the night, and found that my arms, which do have a mind of their own at times, wrapped around you comfortably. Now you know I had not planned nor do I premeditate such actions, but I was surprised to find you looking very comfortable, and might I add looking at home in my arms. As I write this now, I find myself feeling somewhere between delight and embarrassed. Life is fleeing, therefore delight in everything that makes you happy. If I could have known this sooner, then who knows what I could have accomplished. My way of thinking is not all that surprising, at least not to me. I can smell the change in weather as well as the change of feelings and emotions. I know when you are near and when you are away, and when you are sad I can feel it too. I sometimes wonder what we would talk about, what is your ideal sort of man is, and how you take your coffee. I really should pay better attention to such things, but it slips my mind when I'm in the middle of writing a melody. I take my coffee with plenty of milk and two spoons of sugar by the way. Now you asked me what it was that made you so appealing, which is a bit unfair. How can I list your qualities as though I were writing a grocery list? No, never would I dare to do such thing. My dear, my pretty Lucille, I wish I could tell you myself how much I adore you, but all I can offer is this. If I were to compare your beauty to the stars in the sky, they would envy you with one look of your eyes. Your sweetness makes the heart fat beyond its capacity, and when it bleeds, it simply means I cannot live without your supply. I follow you and every footstep for I would get lost in the space between us. And if you tell me no, then I would scream yes until it's true. Your porcelain hands hold mine every time I close my eyes, and we kiss like we had never known love before this. How dare you tease me with a smile or a blush like a butterfly landing on a rose. And kindness is everything that you are, and everything that I live on. My love is the music I write, and it all belongs to you. I have not the words or the eloquence of a wise old man, but if I did then I would use my last thoughts thinking of who you are, and why you are here, and why you choose me. Why you choose me, why, why, oh why I was so lucky to be chosen. The space in this sheet of paper will end, and I apologize for not buying more paper. I will take note of it and I really do feel remorseful that I didn't say more. Therefore these are my parting thoughts, everything that I am, it is because I met you. With warm regard and sincerity, Francoeur. Closing the letter, she took it to her room and placed it an empty hat box. Wiping away the stray tears which escaped her eyes, she opened her jewelry box and looked at the locket he had bought her. It would look so nice around her neck she had thought, but it was empty. Closing her jewelry box, she made a mental note to get their pictures taken at the soonest opportunity. She went by his study, and Lucille wanted to ask Francoeur if he would like to go shopping, but he was fast asleep on his writing desk. Taking one of the old fur coats, she covered him up and kissed him goodbye before she left to do a few errands. When Francoeur woke it was late afternoon. He mentally reprimanded himself for wasting such a good day, but felt a sense of relief at sight of the box sitting nearby. On the label was a mark which he assumed was by Lucille who kissed the label and left the red lipstick mark beside the words \" With love, Lucille.\" Inside the box was a set of fine pens, music sheets, blotting paper, sealing wax, and a stack of fine paper. Tied together with the paper was a letter from Lucille. It smelled of roses and Lucille, her wonderful scent permeated everything that came in contact with her. He breathed it in with a tranquility he did not recognize, and a warmth he felt when she was near. The letter read: To Francoeur, Waves of emotion wash over me when I read your letters, your words, your feelings. You have me tied up, caught up, and trapped in your embrace. I am between happiness and flight as I recover from this flurry of thoughts and feelings. I had never been a stranger to eloquence, or praise, and I must confess it never meant much to me before, but I am intoxicated by your existence. What have you done? What is it that you are that makes me fear you and admire at the same time? I cannot say exactly, for I rather not stifle such beauty in words that are as common every day things. But if I must, am I allowed to say that you make me happy? Or that I am less lonely with you right beside me? Can I say that? Can I really say you are the best thing that has ever happened to me? I know, I am young, and there will be many times when I'm foolish and say the wrong things, but I hope you will forgive me. Forgive me that I left without a word, though if there is any sort of legible excuse, I did come by and found you sleeping. Forgive me if I gave you a kiss you cannot remember. And last but not least, forgive me for every hurt, past and present that I had inflicted. I just wanted you to know that. I might have been contented by my life before this, but with you here, there is a new chapter to explore, and it's because now you are here in it. From a somewhat embarrassed, though delighted girl named Lucille. Folding the letter, warmth dripped from his eyes, the thing called tears. Hearing the clock chime five o'clock, he put the letter back in the box, wiped away the stray tears and went down to see if he could help with anything before the show would begin. Perhaps the day wasn't wasted after all.[Chapter 11] *I don't own a monster in Paris or its characters I'm back from my break of writing and I know some have been waiting. There are so many things I love about this pairing and they really are the sweetest. I never expected the response that I've been getting for this fic, but it encourages me to keep going. So thanks, and hope you enjoy Chapter 11: 55 days left Heartbeats, faint heartbeats beating like tiny declarations, ever delicious, ever melodious, life's rhythms rattling in his ears. Hunger roused him to wake, bullied him for action, and he sat up, his body reluctant to quit the comfort of his bed. He stretched, small creaks came from his back. Upon the sight of his reflection in the mirror, he noticed a few more freckles sprinkled beneath his eyes he could not recall, and a dryness in his mouth; most likely from snoring. Five days had passed, and he was five years older then he all those days before. At the moment he was somewhere in his early forties, well in flea years that is. And like that, days passed like years, and he was feeling it, but c'est la vie . He wondered if Lucille would notice his aging appearance, or if she would be able to hear the creak in his back too, or if his voice affected in any way. The reality, he wasn't getting any younger. He was no young larvae, but a grown flea with life choices to make. Would staying at the cabaret be best for the both of them? Or should they go on to greater stages? The glamour Lucille deserved would never be accomplished in an old cabaret, he wanted her to see the world. Yet, there was no question that Lucille would never abandon her aunt, but what about him? He could do so much more. There were instruments to be played, stages and houses finely equipped to expand both of their careers, and frankly, she didn't need him. He knew, before he ever existed she entertained twice every night, five times a week. Taking his drops, he had to wonder if they expanded his awareness. If so, it was a frightening thing. No more worries he thought, or distractions, but to focus on the main things in his life. Picking up pen and paper, and he started on a letter. Once finished, he dressed like normally, and slid the letter underneath her door. Patience meant nothing when it involved a letter. No time wasted as she passed her eyes over the words, and it was refreshing to say the least. It read: No introductions are required with us, we understand from a glance on how to exist and decide. Once decided, now confused, I am but a moment. You're decided in word and deed, I hope I could be just like you. Dare I not say you are blinded by beauty, dare I say I am, we are each others compliments. Yet, I am not perfection, I am but a moment. Your steps illuminate every path way you follow, if I am as privileged, I would never be away from you, but only if we're both decided. You glance, and mild confusion which clouds your eyes when I'm full of praise, is it not pleasing? Your eyes scald me when I'm away, and I am afraid for I am just a moment. What dust sprinkles your eyes with soft, misty glances, when we pass, when I withhold advances? Is it respect? Is this the creature born from listening? I am troubled I must admit, but I can handle the consequences. Patience, the long suffering which I must cultivate is a sore in my heart, for I feel we're acquainted enough, but you are forever while I'm just a moment. My dear, what will become of us when the light shines too greatly? Will I be burned to ash? If you are confused, do not consider everything, but only what you think best and I'll decide once it's said. I'd say, you're welcome to praise freely even if I cannot answer, I need reassurance or I'll be dust in the wind before your glance alters. For we are, and I am but a glorious moment Closing the letter, she wondered if something was the matter. The thought of their last couple of days made her wish they could have been better spent, being so busy with the demand for a new song, but a friendly letter or a persuasive one made them pass with ease. Their communication through letters had proven to be highly successful, and his affection deepened by the day. His affection grew with every curve of a letter, with every ink blot like kisses to his thoughts, every scent a memory in itself. He followed every word like dancing upon exclamations, he stared upon the eyes of the i's as though his lovers reflection would peer back at him; but that was not all. Passing moments, stolen glances, laughter about the place was happiness like nothing he had ever known. Through letters, facial expressions, and gestures they had gotten closer, and he was happy to admit that he had controlled his impulsive kissing. Now, if only he could keep his focus while she was in view. All the while Carlotta was quite amused by their behavior, especially when she caught the two sharing glances. They had been so bashful as of late, and she wondered if any work was going to get done. On this particular busy morning, he was watching his world go by. He leaned against the kitchen counter, munching on a piece of toast, his eyes focused on the figure in the hallway. Lucille looked like a creature that stepped out if a painting, with hair that glittered and skin that glowed. The soft sunlight snuck in from a window, and lightly kissed her freckled cheeks with welcomed adoration. \"Francoeur\" Carlotta called, \"Francoeur dear, I need your help.\" What a pity his toast disappeared at that moment, leaving him with no other excuse to remain like a sentry, waiting for Lucille's beckoning call. Instead, Carlotta continued. \"You see that pot up there? Could you be a dear boy and reach it? Anita is going to need it for tonight's dinner\" Keeping his eyes glued on Lucille, he felt his way for the pot and handed it to Carlotta without even turning around. She smiled at his actions, but her voice carried that all to familiar tone. \"You got to be careful dear. Lose your focus and accidents happen\" Did he listen? Well, walking into the table, Francoeur didn't feel a thing and kept his eye fixed on Lucille, watching as she walked back and forth in the halls writing lyrics for a new song. If love had a name it would be Lucille, and living is all the more sweeter with a sweetheart. Lucille looked away from her notes to glance upon him and flash that winning smile. \"Its awfully sweet of you to offer your undivided attention Francoeur, but if I find my favorite vase broken then I'll know who to blame\" Using an extra arm to steady himself, he made his way to his study, being sure to avoid the corner table. She followed after him, giving him a fright once he took a sight of her right beside him once the door was shut \"Thought you could run away did you?\" With a shrug, he offered her a chair while he stood, waiting for her to speak. \"No,\" she replied softly, \"it would be better if you rested\" He took his seat, wide awake, terribly aware of the tension between her eyes. \"You're latest letter is confusing\" Opening a nearby window, she sighed. \"Is it Raoul? Did he tease you again? You really must give him allowance for his behavior, and forgiveness to me for having such friends, but-\" Holding up an arm, he held up a cue card \"No\" \"Francoeur, what is the master?\" Nevermind it that her arm was not paper, with his pen, he took up her arm, much to her surprise, and wrote with quickness yet with careful gentleness, \"I'm troubled, and I rather not withhold this from you\" Her eyes widened, a flicker of uncertainty flashed across his face. It was bittersweet, the flavor of confidence. He was giving her the opportunity to understand, she had to tread carefully. \"Go on my dear, I'm listening With a rag he wiped it away the writing and continued. \"We should be honest with each other, don't you agree?\" \"This concerns you does it not?\" \"Yes\" She wanted to caress his face, but he continued, and for the first time a slight coldness chilled her. \"Let us use time wisely, it is no good to waste\" \"You missed me?\" There so many words, and so little space, how rephrase it? \"It is more then that. I have had time enough to think over many things\" With a quick wipe, he dipped the pen in the ink. \"If there was something you wanted to do, you would tell wouldn't you?\" \"Of course, we are partners\" How he believe this woman would withhold things from him? \"You were right, I did miss you\" \"I was only a letter away, and we were in the same building, and we saw each other during our performances\" \"When do I not see you? When has there ever been a crowd so that I lost you in it?\" \"If I must frank, then I'll say that your letters have been my constant company, they lay on my bedside table, and I read them when I can. So, there was no chance to miss you. However, you are simply impossible\" With a rough wipe, and with a slowness he wrote. \"Forgive me\" Tugging a strand of hair behind her ear, she closed her eyes and whispered sweetly. \"When I do this, it means you have my permission. And it means that you've done great kindness to me and I'm grateful for being with you.\" Silence was the reply, and it bit at her eyes. \"I'm pleased that you have confided in me, and I want you to know you are amazing. So please, come here so that I may kiss you\" First a light peck, and he felt a world of difference. It burned his heart, the sight of her face draped by the morning light, if only that memory could last forever. His happy chirps gave her great happiness, and she was happy she could do that for him. It always seemed he sacrificed so much, and the little she could do, it was fulfilling. Before, they partake in another sweet kiss, Carlotta walked in unaware. \"Francoeur could you-\" She giggled at the sight once she took notice, and Lucille walked past her aunt in embarrassment and Francoeur turned to his desk and tried to look busy, happiness blooming in the words he started to write. \"Nevermind dear,\" she apologized, \"I'll ask Jack once he comes in.\" Closing the door behind her, Carlotta smiled and walked down stairs. Lucille felt her aunts amused gaze burning holes in the back of her head, while her cheeks were dusted with pleasant delight. She hadn't actually been working on new lyrics, but busy reading one of his letters, and it wasn't enough. Francoeur was doing something to her, he started to become necessary.[Chapter 12] *I don't own A Monster In Paris or its characters Its been a while, and many things have changed. The style of the story might change since I myself changed, but the story will go on Chapter 12: 54 days left A little after ten in the morning is hardly a way to describe how a day for Lucille and Francoeur is spent. Nonetheless, the figure of Lucille was all grace and severely detrimental if one tries to concentrate on song lyrics or other worldly graces. She fanned herself as she stood near the open window, waiting for the cool breeze. The gown she wore was new, a gift from one of her admirers refined as France itself. However fine it was compared to her old one, the fabric didn't breathe so well, despite its luxury, and frankly too many layers were required to look like a lady. \"Am I the only one feeling a bit warm?\" In Francoeur's opinion the weather couldn't have been finer. Pouring herself another cup of water, she felt thirsty, a bit peckish and could have gone for an omelette if they would have gotten their eggs in one piece. Both were lost for a feeling, lacking focus, and uninspired. Though who could say there was anything inspiring about a stuffy old room, feeling bloated and lost for a feeling? \"I wonder if this is a good time to ask my aunt for a bit of time off to holiday?\" As she paced about, Francoeur followed her figure about the room with his eyes. His blank sheet music was an insult to his intelligence, and she could tell he was too distracted to be busy. With her hands on her hips, she flashed him a serious look. \"How are we going to work if you keep staring at me?\" With a snap of her fingers, he sat up straight, his trance broken. \"Please Francoeur, I know you might not want to work right now,\" Lucille reasoned, \"but we have to focus. This song has a melancholic tone to it and the lyrics are supposed to be bittersweet.\" Pointing to his music sheet, she sighed. \"Please focus darling, and think sad thoughts\" He wanted to obey, but life had been good to him, and living the good life had become easy. No one was after him, no enemies, no threats, no nothing. Now, how could he be sad when he was at the top of the world? No. It seemed as though nothing was finer then a cup of red wine, a beautiful view, and a fine breeze from the window. Lucille went on, and he thoroughly listened as she explained what her expectations were, and every so often when the wind picked up, it would rush through the window scattering paper about the place. Francoeur was quick to pick the sheets up every time, fixing Lucille's hair if it was out of place. Everyone was expecting a song by the end of the week, and they were stuck. It was no ones fault, but without any new inspiration they would have to cancel the show, and they didn't want to disappoint. She rubbed her temples, and looked distressed. He tried rubbing her temples too, but she giggled at his attempt. \"Perhaps we should we go for a walk, the weather is fine and it might inspire us. We can stop at the Sweet shop and pick up some chocolate which we'll eat while sitting on the highest rooftop.\" All of this sounded pleasing, but Lucille wagged her finger at him. \"Its a mission, we will eat each bite of greed, which is chocolate, then we will visit the hospital and find some sadness there. What do you say, will you come away with me?\" Just before he could chirp a reply, he heard a careless laugh in the distance, and if he could sigh then he would have. She sat there unsuspecting, unknowing to the foolishness that would drive up. At the very same moment Lucille was thinking of getting ready to go out, but then she heard the ring of the doorbell. With such a welcomed distraction, she was down the stairs before she gave any thought to who it could be. With his upbeat voice heard through the door, she knew it was Raoul on the other side. \"Knock, knock! I got the wine, but do you have the time?\" She rolled her eyes before answering the door, not all that surprised he was there. When he saw Lucille open the door, part of him was delighted while the other half wanted to hide. He wasn't sure how to go on about acting around Lucille. On the other hand, Lucille felt slightly pleased he had come by, for there were many hurt feelings when they last parted, and it was partly, actually mostly due to her overreacting. With as much propriety as she could muster, Lucille inquired. \"We have seen little of you as of late, though I do suppose you have been busy?\" Flashing her a weak smile, he said with a empty, \"You know, people need their deliveries.\" And lifted the crate so she'd get the message. Glancing at the crate of wine, she looked back at him. \"I see\" \"I'll just set this in the kitchen if you don't mind\" Opening the door fully, she let him in. He was quick to leave the wine in the kitchen and was back out the door in no time. His eyes looked a bit listless, and he looked to be out of spirits. It pained her to think that such misunderstandings could hinder their carefree speech and manor. As he was about to leave, she stopped him with a question. \"How are Emile and Maud?\" She asked, with full intention to make peace. Her downcast eyes tugged at his heartstrings. Who could truly stay mad at such a doll face like Lucille? He thought. He let out a a hearty laugh, and smiled with equal intention to make up. \"You know those two lovebirds, they are just so caught up with themselves. It's been a bit boring, but now that I'm taking up your time, how have you been princess?\" \"My time has been eventful.\" Who knows what she meant by eventful, but it didn't sound like an insult, meaning he was in the right track. \"That's good to hear, seems like you have been busy\" \"Trying to keep up with the public demand has put a little pressure on us, but that's life as a cabaret singer\" \"Say, I think Emile wanted to talk to you. He's been working on a short film and well you need to talk to him for more details. I'm no expert, but I think it's something you would like\" \"I will when I get a chance\" \"By the way, where's your chaperone?\" Glancing at the open window, she smiled. \"If you're talking about Francoeur, then he is busy in his study writing and such\" \"What about you Lucille, are you busy?\" \"Not at the moment\" Opportunity, as it seemed, was finally coming his way. \"Well if you're not busy and I'm not busy, why don't we go see Emile together?\" Thinking about two hours and no progress on their song, a little fresh air was welcomed. \"Sounds good, though let me get my things and I will be right back\" From the window in his study, Francoeur spotted Raoul fixing his hair in front of the rear view mirrors. What was he doing here he thought. Deliveries always seemed to come with a slight chance of Raoul. The way Lucille was speaking to him, it appeared as though any hurt she harbored subsided, and they appeared to actually get along. Her tone was unsure, with hints of sincere inflection. It frightened Francoeur to think that perhaps Raoul would try to weave himself into her heart, and he felt that terrible thing that was between resentment, and wanting to ruin; though the name of that emotion slipped his mind. Footsteps, light footsteps were coming his way, the scent sneaking in appealing. With a light rap to the door, Lucille let herself in, and joined him beside the window. \"Are you enjoying the view?\" Sitting back down, he eyed her questioningly, and patted his lap, motioning for her to sit. She flashed him a wary smile, curious to his intentions. Perhaps she was over thinking again, but if it was Francoeur, what intention could he have? He gently helped her up and motioned for her to go on. Fixing his tie, she sighed. \"Pretty soon we will have to stop meeting this way. It may not matter to you, but to others they might think that we we, we are-\" Tilting his head, he looked at quizzically, and she smiled as she shook away the thought. \"Nevermind, that can wait. You were looking out the window just now weren't you, and I assume you know that I was talking with Raoul. He told me that Emile wanted to discuss a possible business opportunity with me. And I thought I would swing by the theater and talk to Emile about it. What do you think?\" Shaking his head yes, they touched foreheads with each other. \"We are busy people are we not? I would love to take you, but I know you don't like the theater, and you are still busy\" Picking up the empty sheet music, she sniffed the fragrant paper and sighed. \"Nonetheless, you must get something done, so I will have to leave you here. It will be odd not having you with me, but you understand don't you?\" As though trying to transfer thoughts, his grip on her reflected uncertainty. He chirped as he caressed her cheek, as though in his own way trying to tell her no. She suspected this much, and leaned into his hand. \"We cannot always be right next to each other, it is just the way life is. It will not be long, and I'll try to be back at the first opportunity. Alright?\" Kissing her open palm, he let her down. Giving her a small push, and shook his head yes. His understanding warmed her heart, and she could honestly see why other girls wanted to have lovers and be in love and such. He made it easy for her, and she let out a long sigh \"And If there is a little time, I hope you'll write me a letter telling me your thoughts, your wonderfully rich thoughts\" One of his arms held on to her wrist, and her lovely pulse beat strongly. Her lips pursed in a smile made him want to kiss her, but only if she would let him. Motioning for a kiss, her pulse jumped, and she certainly understood, but she was mischievous. Pulling her hand away, a hint of guilt wanted to well up, but she shook it away. \"I promise that the first thing thing I do when I return is have a sweet kiss just for you. But until then, be a good boy and get a little work done\" Her fading footsteps were like a plague to his soul. He didn't want her to go, but what could be do? She was and perhaps always will be a free bird. A few moments later, he spotted her talking with Raoul from the window, and the look of victory on Raoul's face made him cringe. Grabbing his cup of water, he watched them. Lucille waved up at the window, and the sight of her smile made him happy, but was quickly forgotten at Raoul's friendly wave. They drove away, and he felt that terribly thing, the waves of feelings between resentment, and wanting to ruin. He gripped his cup too tightly and it broke in his grasp. He finally remembered as he picked up the shards, the terrible pang of jealousy. Lucille looked out the window with mild interest, and was quiet most of the way. Despite her curiosity of the passing sights, people were like shadows walking about, and it was of little importance. Clouds like melodies were of odd shapes and forms, the streets and the cars on them like insects swarming about. What was it about human nature that felt melancholic? It really is a silly thing if dark corners and lone pianos are a lovelier sight then the streets of Paris. It was not so much a bad idea to leave the cabaret, but she now wished she had taken Francoeur along, for being alone does not feel so lonely when you have quiet company. Raoul was anything but dull, though for once he too was quiet until he asked. \"That's weird\" Turning her face from the window, she was caught guard and could only reply. \"What is?\" \"I thought you and your bodyguard went everywhere. What happened? You didn't bring him along with you\" The awkward feelings of half shame and half regret arose, and with little explanation as to how she found resolution, she replied calmly. \"We have discussed it, and you are right, we cannot go everywhere together\" \"Well look at you all grown up. Talked some sense into you after all\" He had no idea what he was saying, and careless remarks needed ending. \"Francoeur is not my bodyguard, so do not go on with that. He is... That is to say... He is..\" \"We're here\" Raoul gave no heed to everything after finding himself correct, and such defeat on Lucille's part was a joy and a step closer to getting along with her in his mind. He jumped out first, then Lucille followed, and Maud was delighted to see Lucille again. Though they were mutual friends, considering Lucille's line of work, she was busy. \"Maud!\" \"Lucille! That dress is wonderful\" In Maud's ear she whispered. \"It doesn't feel wonderful\" The two laughed amongst themselves in all friendliness and companionship, the vision of beauty one could saw was a Kodak moment \"Girls please, there is no need to fight over me. There is enough of Raoul to go around\" With such remarks a rolling of the eyes was in order, and the ladies talked mostly amongst themselves until Emile came down. \"I wish you wouldn't talk like that\" he complained to Raoul \"Come on Emile, the girls know I'm mostly kidding. Right ladies?\" Removing his hat, Emile proceeded with all the formalities and greeted Lucille. \"Mademoiselle Lucille, I was going to come by the cabaret to talk with you\" \"Raoul told me\" \"Where is Monsieur Francoeur?\" Thinking about the giddy flea and that empty sheet of music, she sighed. \"He's working on a new song\" \"Come on in Miss Lucille, we can talk inside\" Through a short hallway, they entered the main theater. She sat quietly on the edge of the stage, the place much larger then she remembered. Emile brought over some tea anda tin of discounted biscuits along with what appeared to be a script of sorts. \"It's not much, but I hope you're not that hungry. I'm sure you're used to eating better\" Taking the biscuit to his surprise, she ate it in two bites. \"A good biscuit is like a mother's comfort. I have always enjoyed a biscuit between breakfast and lunch. And look at what you have here\" Picking up another biscuit, she smiled. \"It is a real treat to be able to have the ones with the raisins. My aunt only buys the plain ones since she thinks she can still have a treat and not gain weight\" \"I'm sorry we haven't come by, it's been a little busy and the owner has really taken to showing late night films. So, I am tired, but that's life\" \"Please, sit down, I am in no hurry\" \"As you might have heard, I am currently working on an idea for a film\" \"Tell me. What is the concept?\" \"In a world full of pierrots and pierrettes, there is a man who is unlike the rest. The prettiest pierrette falls for the man after she sees him admire the roses she has been growing in her garden. They dance together, and confess their feelings for one another and vow to soon marry. One day as the man was on his way to visit his love, a jealous pierrot stabs the man. She spots him from her window, but she cannot go down since she is locked up in a tower by her father. As they sing their goodbyes, they realize that life is fleeting and whatever time they have left is better spent with each other. Throwing her mattress out the window, she jumps and is bounced off the mattress but is caught in his arms. And as they cry, they water the roses which brought them together\" \"That is pretty sad\" \"I know, but I just thought that perhaps I try something different.\" \"It sounds unique, like the Méliès films. What is your plan?\" \"The ballet company was happy to offer their services since it not only showcases their talent, but they like the idea of being on the big screen. And not only that, when I mentioned the idea of incorporating a live show while the film played, they were ecstatic. Normally you need a lot of money for these sort of things, but the school lent all their services as well as the props needed for the on-sight filming. Now if I can get a few more sponsors then I think it could be a hit\" \"What about Miss Christine from the Opera Garneir?\" \"I thought about seeking out your talent since both young and old audiences like you, and Francoeur has a unique voice. I thought why hide your talent when you can share it with a bigger audience. Maud tried to contact Miss Christine's manager Erik since I thought about using her in the film, but from what she told me, they say he is hard man to work with\" \"Anyway, for something like this, how are you going to handle it?\" \"On my spare time. With the amount of planning I have done, I think it can be finished by the end of May right before the wedding. I would like it if you and Francoeur will play the leads for the live show. You two work well together and I want to showcase that. I'm not sure if I can give you two high billing, but you'll receive the credit you deserve. Here, I can hand you a copy of the script, and I was hoping you and Francoeur could come up with three songs. Could you do that?\" \"Well, it sounds interesting. Yes, I think we can make the time. I'll have Francoeur look over this right away and we'll do all we can.\" \"Great, I really appreciate it\" After giving her goodbyes, Raoul was willing to take her back. \"I'll drop you off first, and then I'll stop by to deliver this package to the professor.\" \"Raoul, can I come along too?\" \"Why?\" \"I need to talk with the professor about a few things\" \"Alright\" There was not a sound in the house, not even a telephone call to cheer her spirits. Francoeur's presence usually hung about the place, music in the halls, lovely melodies leading to many dances for one. But it seemed too quiet, especially for him. She searched about as though she were a lady Sherlock. He was not in the office writing lyrics, or in the kitchen eating who knows what. The stage was clear, and he was not dancing away, or in bed sleeping the remains of the day. \"Francoeur?\" She called, \"Where are you dear?\" Then she notice the stairs case from the attic down, and she removed her shoes before she walked up. In a mess of chairs and things lost or not remembered, he sat in the middle of what belonged to yesterday. Carlotta didn't know what to say as she got closer to the hunched over figure. Dresses, photographs, scattered pieces of yesterday about the place, she thought she would never see them again. \"What are you doing dear?\" Handing her an old photograph, she wiped off the dust to glance at familiar faces. He waited, hoping she would fill him. \"You want to know if this is Lucille?\" Shaking his head yes, he waited for her reply. With downcast eyes, she sighed. \"No dear, this was her mother. She was a little younger then Lucille is now in this photograph, and I remember the day this was taken. Our mother, bless her heart, she paid a photographer to take pictures for the cabarets anniversary. Back then, I waited on tables while my sister, who really was the beauty and the talent of the family sang. I wish I could tell you what she was singing, but the truth is no one could sing like her. She was special, she had a unique tone, and even if I could sing a little, I couldn't bring myself to compete against her. She was a talented little thing, with a personality that was larger then life.\" She sniffled, holding the photograph close to her heart. \"My sister Lucette, why, why didn't she take better care of herself?\" Taking out a deck of cards, he showed one that said Sorry. Taking out her handkerchief, she wiped away stray tears before she continued. \"Francoeur, what are you looking for? Are you looking for something?\" Dusting off a chair, he motioned for her to sit. One after another, he handed her photos, and she would describe them, and he listened intently to the normally cheerful woman showing her true face, the kind only for a handkerchief. So much hurt, so much that Lucille didn't know. And the only the reason Carlotta told Francoeur was since he couldn't talk. She took comfort in that fact, and talked openly about the past of the cabaret, especially since there was no one else to tell it to. \"Are you sure he's here?\" \"The professor practically lives here\" With a rap to the door, Charles welcomed them and led them in. Lucille felt a chill run through her, like stepping into a different world. \"Professor?\" Looking up from his microscope, he flashed her a smile. \"What a surprise, didn't expect to see you today\" \"Should I come at a better time?\" \"No, it is quite alright.\" Raoul was curious about the professors current research, but Charles covered his eyes. \"Raoul, could you give us some privacy?\" \"Sure I guess\" \"Thank you professor. What are you looking at?\" \"Why don't you take a look?\" Through the microscope, it was flea upclose and terribly hideous. \"Is this what Francoeur would have looked like?\" \"Before the incident, he looked would done what any other flea would have done, search for a mate, one that would have looked just like this flea\" \"She was hideous\" \"I agree, however that is how nature intended. Anyway, what can I do for you today?\" \"Yes, I heard Francoeur comes by to see you from time to time, and I wanted to ask why\" \"Well, I give him elixirs and such to alleviate his hunger and for over all well being\" \"Not all that unusual. I was wondering what he was drinking.\" \"There is more you want to say isn't there?\" \"Are there things I should avoid when I'm with Francoeur?\" \"It really depends miss Lucille, are you two together?\" \"If you mean in a relationship, then yes\" \"Really? Well it's a very curious observation watching you two. Tell me, what is it like?\" \"Do you mean how we get along with one another?\" \"Yes\" \"Well, we communicate through letters and hand gestures since he doesn't speak and it seems we understand each pretty well. It's not easy, but he does his best to help me understand. At first he was terrible shy and still at times, but for a short while he was terribly affectionate. He has it under control now, but I think he's becoming the jealous type. He treats me like a princess and I am very fond of him\" \"It's always good news to hear about others happiness. Is it serious?\" \"It will be, I think it could be\" Looking at the drawings, she could hardly understand any of it. \"Are you studying him?\" \"Yes, I believe I could create an elixir that could save lives and cure the sick. Francoeur currently is a prime example of what chemicals can do, and I think by studying him I could find those answers. I hope it doesn't bother you, I am also a doctor\" \"No, if it can benefit mankind and Francoeur finds no problem with it then it is fine. I thin its best if he makes his own decisions, it might broaden his understanding\" Taking a few notes, he asked. \"How is he doing?\" \"He looks well enough, eats a lot but is well\" \"Tell me Miss Lucille, what about your health?\" \"I am fine as far as I know\" \"That all depends\" \"What?\" \"Have you been thirsty lately?\" \"Yes\" \"And are you bloated?\" \"Yes but what does that have to do wit-\" \"Is your menses cycle approaching?\" She blushed deeply, and nodded \"It should be soon, why?\" \"At the first signs of it, give him this and give me a call\" \"What are you talking about?\" \"I fear there are so many things you do not know. Since he's given up blood, the slight smell or temptation of it might bring out his animalistic tendencies.\" \"No, he would never-\" \"Never say never. With his feelings so great and his animal like body, there is no knowing.\" \"What are these pills for?\" \"Their sleeping pills\" \"And what would you do with him?\" \"Keep him here until your symptoms are over. There are many things I must warn you about.\" \"There are so many things I do want to know, but I think he will tell me when he's ready to\" \"Well dear, then why ask what to avoid?\" \"To test my resolve I suppose, it's always good to examine oneself to knew eta know what's in your of hearts\" \"Are you really that serious about him?\" \"He makes me happy\" \"Then let me tell you at least one more thing, if you two do decide to staytogether, I'll always be here to help\" \"Thank you professor\" Carlotta understood at once why he was so necessary, and forgave him in her heart and forgave herself for her slight prejudice. \"Thank you, for reminding me about the past. I thought leaving it all behind would be best, but at the same time I had lost a piece of myself\" The sight was softened by the dust in her eyes, and Lucille's thoughts were all warmth and surprise Francoeur returned the plump woman's kindness with a hug, and heard the giggle from the door way. \"Looks like you two bonded when I was away\" Letting Carlotta go, she left to answer the door while Francoeur followed Lucille to her dressing room. \"Did you get any work done?\" Shaking head yes, he motioned for her to sit in his lap once more. Snuggling up right beside him, she sighed. \"It was odd not having you around\" He wanted to hold her, but he hesitated, remembering what she had said earlier. Noticing his effort, she whispered. \"Are you not going to hold me?\" Holding her close, she caressed his cheek, feeling truly at home. \"You're cute Francoeur, so cute that I just want to eat you up.\" Pressing soft pecks, she whispered. \"You're my favorite, and I just wanted you to know that\" This woman made him want more then anything else, to be with her for the rest of his life. And he knew she could, but then he couldn't spend it with her. Pressing a really sweet kiss, she sighed. \"I'm tired Francoeur, but thank you for today. I think we both learned something today, and I think we are going to well. What do you think?\" Pressing a kiss on her check, he snuggled up closer, humming the new melody in her ears, and she lied there comfortably until she fell asleep. This time he wasn't moving, well at least not until it was showtime. Closing his eyes, he covering her with a blanket and they both fell asleep. The clock struck five, and like a bell in her head she woke. Slipping out of his grasp, she went to the bathroom, taking care of her full bladder. She reprimanded herself for drinking so much water. It was only when she was about to flush when she felt heartbroken. \"No, why now?\" When he woke, Lucille was nowhere to be found. He assumed she took herself to bed so he didn't worry. A look at the clock said it was about time for him to dress and get ready. A scent floated about the place, something sweet and pungent which teased his hunger. Quick to dress, he thought about grabbing a bite to eat, but took up his guitar instead. Playing around with the melody, he could understand what Lucille was trying to say. The tone of the song was meant for crying, since according to Carlotta \"Everyone enjoys a good cry\" Though Francoeur thought contrary, Lucille explained the matter to him so he thought it a good idea too. A string broke on the last note, and it brought him great displeasure. Things do not last forever he thought, and that was something worth writing about. Broken bird, broken bird were the only words he could come up with before the door creaked open, and he could swear his heart stopped for a moment. A coquette, a tease in a dress, a flirt of a sight was Lucille as she stood there donned in scarlet. She didn't smile, and she was not laughing, but gave him blank stare. With a cup of red wine in one hand, and a tray with jelly pastries in the other, just seeing her improved his mood. Showing her the guitar, she placed the tray and the cup of wine on the nearby table. Handling it with care, she flashed him a sympathetic look. \"I promise to get this fixed right away, but at the moment just focus on me. I assume you slept well?\" Shaking his head yes, he froze at the sight of her blood red stained lips, his favorite shade of lipstick. He could detect hints rose perfume, and exaggerated blush topped off her look nicely. Was she dressing like this for the public? Why should they get to have her all to themselves he thought, especially since it was the best she had ever looked. Pointing to her dress, she spun around a bit showing it off. \"I dressed like this for you, do you like it?\" Something strange was going on, and he didn't understand. Why did she smell so delicious? Why was she dressing so prettily for him? A feeling he could not describe empowered him and he wondered if this was what humans called being seduced. Did she... Could she... No... Yes... No! Lucille was not that kind of girl, the kind who didn't showed her true self to just anyone. Shuffling through his cue cards, he showed her the one with. \"Why?\" \"Because you are special to me, and I would not dress like this just for anyone, just for you\" He was special to her? Yes, he had to be, no wonder she was acting strange. Though it wasn't so much the way she looked that made him feel weird, it was more so the way she smelled that was dangerous. The card fell from his trembling hands, and he it wasn't good, he felt as though he might lose control, to do a regretful thing which could ruin everything. She could see the look of anticipation in his dilated eyes, and by the way he gripped the loveseat meant it was all working. Syncopation with every step, crazy hearts and racing imagination, thoughts so tender they hurt to the touch. He really was too dear to hurt, and if he could see it, her tender feelings, then she knew that he would understand. But no, they were past the point of understanding, and she knew what she had to do. Biting her lip, she inched over close, flashing him a dangerous look. He respected her, he had to. He gripped the loveseat tighter, trying to stay calm and put. Inching closer, she sat on his lap and asked. \"How do you feel? Feeling hungry?\" Shaking his head yes, he looked away, a sort of tint in his cheeks looked as though he were actually blushing. She giggled at the sight, almost losing her composure, but soon calmed. He flinched at the slightest touch, afraid his impulsive kissing habit would make a comeback. Seeing his hesitance, she urged him to eat. \"Here you are Francoeur, something nice, and sweet, and very good\" Food was always good news he thought and there was no hesitance to the pastry eating. They tasted unlike anything he ever eaten, but it was tasty nonetheless. He ate the rest, spreading crumbs all over, nothing really seductive about that. Ignoring the mess of crumbs, she batted her eyelashes to get his attention again. She needed him to be distracted, but she was finding it hard herself. This wasn't like her, she didn't do things like this, and what if he would hate her for it? No, it was something she had to do. Two troubled beings staring kindness in the face, wishing it to be over and yet not. His hunger was still there, worse then he could possibly imagine. He wanted to kiss her, and just one little bite. No, that was wrong, no biting whatsoever. Never without her permission, never in his lifetime. Shaking his head no, he tried to keep her away. It didn't take much to move his arms away. Wiping away the crumbs from his mouth, she could sense his distress, and he really was showing great restraint. He really was trying to be respectful, but the look in her eyes was like dolls eyes, wide and hardly blinking. Her presence alone made him nervous, and bee felt as though she were trying to tell him something, but he just wasn't sure what it was. Letting out a chirp, he waited, wanting to know what she was going to say. She tried to ease his fear with a touch to his face, but he shivered as though it were a death sentence. Pressing a hand to his cheek, she drew little circles with her finger tips. \"Do not be afraid, I do not bite, though you are really adorable, like a rabbit looking a fox in the face. Unlike the fox, I won't eat you, though I may tease you a little. If I could see your thoughts, what would you be thinking? Would it be of me? I wish I could know, to feel what you feel. Tell me, what is the matter, are you afraid?\" Shaking his head yes, he made the hand gesture for kiss. Inching in closer, she whispered. \"There is nothing to be afraid of, but if there is then be afraid. For if you're afraid, then so am I\" Taking the wine in one gulp, she kissed him deeply until every last drop went down. The kiss was different from all the others, it was like a slap to the heart. Something was wrong, he could sense it. Intoxication felt close, and his head spun with bliss that was over before it had begun. He sighed as though he were disappointed, but he was patient with her. He didn't hold her, he didn't force anything, but he let her let her go. Parting from him, she touched his forehead with hers. \"I care about you, do not ever forget that.\" Wiping her mouth, she backed away, looking greatly disappointed. \"Wait there for a moment, I will be right back\" Going into the bathroom, she wiped away her makeup with a violent furiosity, and her skin burned as rough acid had been thrown at her face, and she wiped away every last bit of it and rinsed out her mouth thoroughly. She had done something wrong, and she wasn't sure how he'd forgive her. The tears wanted to escape her eyes, but she couldn't not yet. Unzipping her dress, it fell to the floor and puddled at her feet. Slipping into something more comfortable, she reached the telephone and dialed his number. When he answered, she asked as calmly as she could. \"Professor I need you to come over, and please, bring Raoul with you\" \"What is the problem?\" he asked \"It is that time, it's time to take him away\"[Chapter 13] *I don't own A Monster Of Paris or is characters Chapter 13 : 54 days left continued On one side, the stillness of the night could not wash away the run of doubt. Even wine left a bland taste on her tongue. The words or verses to describe her may be said to be romantic, however, if the faucet of tears which the burn in the corner of her left eye had a choice, if would speak in straightforward terms. The uncharacteristic stillness of body made her feel almost dead. The moon was the most unkind company, for its beauty was unmatched, and if he were her kindly company, they would drink every drop, and it would witness the softness of his heart. However, she wondered why living was merely existing when your precious one isn't near. Was she dead? No, she wasn't, but she still breathed, and the crying moon made it clearer that she might have made a mistake. Two and a half hours earlier He replaced the phone lightly, gave the order in his strictest of tones. \"Go to Miss Lucille's, you have a delivery to make.\" \"At this hour? What does that women want now?\" \"It does not matter\" \"Am I missing something?\" He fixed the spectacles on the bridge of his nose, neither looking, nor explaining. \"Do this, and I will allow you to glance at my new experiment\" \"Sir, I'm trying not strain our relationship. Are you sure you heard it correctly?\" \"Just do as you are told, and you will receive your reward\" A half hour later \"Lucille I came as quickly as I could. What do you need?\" \"I need help with a body\" \"Lucille, what did you do?\" A heart of hearts, like a metronome rebuked her before, during, and after her performance. At the time, what was there that could be said? She inhaled, the air and her breathe at combat was another silent enemy. Raoul tried to offer a handkerchief, but are waved it away. Her voice low, \"I did not kill him if that's what you're wondering.\" Her glance, if Francoeur could see, would send him into a silent rage. \"He's only sleeping\" His body laid there in all comfort on the Fox, no surprises, only calmness. Empty pretense in the corner of her right eye, truth hidden in every other corner, she could only say what needed to be said she then some. \"Take him away,\" she bit her lower lip, it was all wrong, \"like this he is being a nuisance to me\" \"Lucille?\" With Raoul on the scene, Francoeur was placed in the back of his truck, curled comfortably in an old Fox fur, sleeping soundly. Lucille felt like a criminal, but it was for the best. \"I cannot explain, but the professor will be borrowing Francoeur for a few days. So do as I say and take him\" was her angry reply then. \"You don't look so pleased about it\" Bitterness ran over, and the lies kept growing. \"It is like parting from one's child, it is simply unnatural\" Her stomach had a dozen butterflies, a slight pain throbbed on her forehead, it really was terrible cycle. As a man Raoul neither understood nor inttended to be insensitive. \"I hate to say this, but I know you don't think of him that way\" \"It is complicated, you wouldn't understand\" \"Are we like a fashion trend, changing with the season?\" \"What?\" \"Honestly, I'm tired of this Lucille, stop being a hypocrite and tell me what you feel? Are you with him, or do you want me?\" \"I don't know what I feel. We are just so...\" \"Different? Everyone's different. Are you trying to tell me you are falling in love with that bug?\" Her anger was scorching, and Raoul's cheek stung.\"Don't you ever say that\" The coldness in her eyes made him feel a dozen things, many he truly couldn't understand, but what he could, he felt deeply. \"I'm going to be honest with you, a flea will always be a parasite, and you are trying to go against nature. I can't be like him, but I want to make you happy. Can't you wait for me?\" \"I waited for over 15 years, I'm done waiting. I live for now, and this is the best year of my life, why can't you be happy for me?\" \"Forget it princess, I'll have the professor handle the talking. All I'm good at is ruffling your feathers\" \"I'm not finished with you\" \"Well I am\" On other side, a sliver of light kissed his face through cracks of his temporary home. Strangely, the scent of familiarity welcomed him like a sweet embrace. Near his feet lay the bed of furs, and on his right a plate is finely cut steak, rare, extremely rare. He consumed it all before the second glance, and had a sudden sinking feeling like a forgotten promise. It hit him like the chirp of crickets, the song he a supposed to write. \"Fear, like a crying in the night Leaves me lost for a feeling, leaves a hint of fright Bonne nuit, now and forever, a Swan song for you None are ever born without it, it is basically a birthright. Moreover, it is a disease, the worst kind of imperfection. Bonne nuit, bonne nuit, bonnne nuit mon amour I hear it in your voice, in your soft inflection If anything, it's a tiny infection I waved the flag every day, and even a fool could see it, Between these empty spaces is me Bonne nuit la amour, bonne nuit, j'adore pour mon vive I will not mourn, for she is alive even if I feel a little dead inside I'm halfway in the hallway of our life, next to your door, I'll say no more I will not, I shall not, end it all. It rains like the tears of all my wasted years My sole companion being the moon. Bonne nuit, bonne nuit bella la lune Hello moon, and goodnight. Let this day end, and may the sorrow go to sleep. Bonne nuit me Belle And if you will not confide on this wounded heart of mine, then may it continue to rain on us all these coming of days, we go our separate ways Bonne nuit, bonne nuit, bonne nuit\"[Chapter 14] *I don't own A Monster in Paris or its characters Its been a while, but yeah, hope you enjoy Chapter 14: 47 days left \"Francoeur, open your eyes.\" Francoeur could barely lift his body, most of it numb. He tried over and over to stand, but his legs and body refused. \"Your body should regain it's complete strength in a few hours, that is what the professor told me. You must wonder what is going on, or why. Do you want to know?\" He nodded. \"You were not well, but the professor took care of you.\" After a few hours, he was feeling more lively, and with all her might, she helped him up and led him to his desk. Placing two dishes before Francoeur, she asked \"Do you prefer a hearty breakfast? Or croissant?\" Looking straight at the cooked sausage, he nodded. \"It's rare, just how you like it.\" He tried to swallow it whole, but stopped as he became conscious of her tearing eyes. \"Take your time eating, I can wait\" Time, what a strange word. Something was off, it could not have been the coffee, then what? He thought. Her eyes suddenly glistened with emotion, and \"No, I can't wait. You were away for a number of days, and... and...When I can't see you, there is an ache in here, in my heart. You are a strange creature, your peculiarities are the smile on my face, your purr the air in my lungs, you are a part of me each time we share the same air, the same kiss, a glance, our music. Even if we are ever apart, your picture lies in this around my neck, your song is always in my voice, and I adore you\" Despite his weakness, four arms wrapped around her, comforting, reassuring her off his presence. \"Je ne sais, ne sais, ne sais pas pourquoi On s'aime comme ça, la seine et moi Je ne sais, ne sais, ne sais pas pourquoi On s'aime comme ça la seine et moi\" This woman was everything severe, everything wanting, and her kisses could break and heal. Before he could partake of such gifts, she pushed him away lightly and laughed softly with her characteristic mischievousness. \"If you don't eat, then when will you have the time to get better?\" Caressing his cheek, she whispered. \"I don't know, so don't tell me why, that's how we are, la siene and I\" For a brief moment she closed her eyes, then started to walk away. He didn't want her to go, but he knew by the determination in her brow, and by the day dress she was wearing. Blowing him a kiss, she smiled warmly, wiping away stray tears. \"For now I have a few errands to do, but later, we can take a stroll and feed the birds in the park. I love it when you imitate the coo of a dove.\" That woman, she was everything and more.[Chapter 15] *I don't own a Monster In Paris or its characters A short, but sweet chapter. I know it's been a while, but life has gotten the best of me at the moment. Yet, this story will continue as well as being revised and checked for errors. I hope you'll enjoy Chapter 15: 46 days left He knew, by her soft eyes and tender temperament that she was in love. Hardly was there ever such a creature so devoted, so hungry, dying of such love. \"Francoeur, what shall we do? I believe there is a madness in her, an illness perhaps. My aunt is nervous, then flushed, or complete and indescribably happy. Do you believe she is expecting some important news?\" The age of fury, of jealousy, and of uncontrolled passion were past him by this time. Replaced by tenderness and gratitude hidden behind trills and purrs, devotion reflected its golden goodness with acquiescence, but not simple acceptance. Francoeur was sure, even if he couldn't say that there were many happy days as well as sad ones. With a silent gentleness, he wrapped one arm around her, and Lucille sighed with contentment as they watched over a familiar couple, hoping their blossoming futures and paths laid before them were welcomed and lasting ones.[Chapter 16] *I don't own a Monster In Paris or its characters Its been a while. You know how it is when life interferes with your craft and stunts the free flow of creativity. Hopefully you'll enjoy! Chapter 16: 45 days left During their walks, whether it be daytime or evening, he carried himself with an air of a devoted gentleman. Side by side they walked, on sunnier days she carried a parasol, and Francoeur nearest to the street just in case cars splashed water, or if they sped by so she would be safe. Even if he didn't talk back, he'd listen to her animated expressions, piecing together an image as she described her latest dreams or ideas for new songs. Soon it would be spring, and the blooms of earthly and natural things would flourish. And he was starting to understand something that he had not acknowledged before. It is true that he cared for Lucille, but his reactions and emotions could have been related to youth. Now, as he says approaching his golden years, he had decisions to make, those deciding how to live out the rest of his days. He had to tell her at some point, but for the moment, it wasn't the time yet. He would care for her well being, and protect her, at least until he had to let her go. Lucille, his Lucille, oh if only he knew, what could be done As far as Lucille was concerned, she had little to worry about. Her attentive lover was by her side, the weather was pleasant, and her aunt was too busy to scold her about dance practice. However, there were still things that bothered her. For example, the older ones gave them glares of disapproval, or Francoeur seemed more sedate, but what truly bothered her was the words of young children who called Francoeur venomous things. It did make her think from time to time, whether or not she thought him handsome. True, he did walk slightly hunched over, his eyes were unlike people's eyes, his skin smooth, but hard. If anything, he was physically ugly. When they first met, like anyone else, she reacted terribly, but it didn't matter anymore. He had won her over with kindness, and a tender heart not prone to anger or violence. Even if the rumor of the Monster in Paris was dying, she hated to watch him flinch ever slightly at though a chill passed through him, or the wild look of fear when the screams of children were heard in the distance. Yet, she could not, at least not yet, allow herself to reveal her true sentiments. There was so much she did not know, so much she wanted to see. Lucille was not completely certain if her future included him. Nearby, dear Francoeur was feeding the birds with crumbs of dried bread. His clicks made them dance around him in eagerness. Funny, Raoul would have been sneezing his head off if he were here. The future was uncertain, and neither were sure what bloom would represent their spring, or if they were ready for the change that was fast approaching. ","Summary":" *I do not own A Monster In Paris and it's characters Written sort of like a countdown since I know "},{"Movie":"Pinocchio","Title":"Pinocchio: A Rising Star","Author":"MagicMovieNerd","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13073132","Passage":"[Chapter 1] One - A Bittersweet Beginning Long ago, in a little Italian village, there lived a beautiful woman named Arabella Romano. She had fair skin, black hair, and amber brown eyes, but crowning feature was her golden voice. Arabella would usually earn money by singing songs for villagers in the streets, and on occasion, at the local theater. Everyone in the village adored her, especially Marco Casteluccio, a poor shoe cobbler. Every day, while he worked on repairing shoes, Marco would open his shop window just to hear Arabella singing; her voice always put the young man in a cheerful mood, making him enjoy his job. But Marco wanted more than just to repair shoes – he wanted to carve wooden puppets to perform alongside Arabella's singing. Marco knew where Arabella lived, so every night, he would stand outside her bedroom window and sing love songs for her. Arabella giggled and sighed with content whenever she opened her window and saw the young man trying to impress her. Eventually, the time came when Marco started courting with the young woman, and then all the villagers would look in awe at their favorite star going out with a humble cobbler. But neither the cobbler nor the singer would mind – for their love was stronger than any force on Earth. One night, Marco wished upon the brightest star in the sky; he wished for Arabella to join her hand with his in marriage. Up in the sky, a magical woman known as the Blue Fairy heard Marco's wish and said, \"Dearest Marco Casteluccio, you have done acts of kindness and love for the likes of other people – especially Miss Romano – and so, I will help you grant your wish. Tomorrow night, I shall bring Arabella to you, and then, I will watch you propose to her.\" So the next evening, Arabella was at her home folding clothes when she noticed a glowing blue orb, floating in the sky outside her bedroom window. \"Is it another one of Marco's tricks?\" she asked herself with a sly grin. So she stopped what she was doing, went downstairs, and then walked out the door. When she got outside, Arabella saw the orb float away to west side of town, so she followed it. After a few minutes, Arabella found herself in front of Marco's house, and the orb disappeared! Marco, who saw his love, ran outside and got on his bended knee. \"Arabella,\" he said, \"I have loved you for a long time – not only do I adore your singing, but I also enjoy the pleasure of your company – so I ask, will you do the honor of becoming my wife?\" He then pulled a ring out from his coat pocket and gave it to her. Arabella gasped and said with delight, \"Of course, Marco! Together, we shall live in happiness, and maybe we will start a family of our own?\" Marco agreed with her response, and the two hugged each other tightly. A few months later, Marco and Arabella got married, and settled into a humble cottage just outside the village. As time went by, though, Arabella began coughing more than usual. At first, she thought nothing of it, and would say, \"Oh, it's probably just something in the air.\" Marco tried to keep a smiling face, but he couldn't help but worry about his wife's health. But his worries were forgotten when one day Marco's wife told him she was expecting their first child. He knew that he would have to find a good job, in order to pay off expenses for the new family member; so when he heard word of a new village wood carver looking for an apprentice, Marco immediately took the opportunity to apply for that job. And it was a success! Marco found work with a friendly old fellow named Gepetto, who took pride in carving cuckoo clocks, music boxes, figurines, pipes, and many other handy items. \"So what brings you here to work for me?\" Gepetto asked with a smile to Marco on the first day. Marco responded, \"My wife is with child, and I need to pay off expenses for our baby.\" Gepetto thought and said, \"Well, all I can offer are a few pieces of silver at the end of each week, but I also give you my blessing for a beautiful and healthy child!\" \"Oh, grazie, signore!\" said Marco with a smile. And with that, Gepetto began teaching his new apprentice the basics of woodcarving. The days grew into weeks, and the weeks became months, and Marco was becoming more intermediate at woodcarving. Eventually, the time came when Arabella was about to have her baby. However, she became sick with what appeared to be a common cold shortly before she went into labor. \"Do not worry, my dear,\" said Marco as he held his wife's hand while she lay in her bed, \"Fate should let us go through with having our precious child come to us – and I will make sure you feel well again!\" As the doctor and midwife came into the bedroom, Arabella looked at her husband with a weak smile and said, \"But no matter what happens, I will always be here for you and our child.\" After a couple hours of labor, Arabella was able to give birth to a healthy baby girl. As the doctor and midwife left the house, Marco held his new daughter in a blanket and gave a big smile. He reached into a nearby drawer and pulled out Arabella's most prized possession – a golden necklace – and held it over his baby's head. The baby looked at the golden object, and gave a coo of content. She was a beautiful girl who had fair skin, a patch of black hair on her head, and sapphire blue eyes. \"We'll name her Maria,\" said Marco as he handed the child to her mother's arms, \"Because she is just as beautiful as the Holy Mother herself.\" Arabella coughed into her elbow before holding Maria and said, \"Oh, Marco, what a beautiful name! My little Maria – someday you will do good deeds for others, and you will be a rising star. I know it!\" Arabella then handed Maria back to Marco before he gently placed her into a nearby wooden cradle and rocked her to sleep. The next morning, Arabella's cold went from bad to worse. She coughed harshly and more frequent, and she felt sharp pains in her chest. Marco went to fetch a doctor, who then told him that his wife had a severe case of pneumonia, and may not live the next day. Marco gave a shocked look and held his baby close to him when he heard the dreadful news. Throughout the rest of the day, Arabella's breathing turned into wheezing, and eventually that evening, she called her husband to her side. \"Marco,\" she breathed, \"I… I want you to… take care of our little Maria.\" \"But dearest!\" Marco pleaded with moist eyes, \"I can't do this alone!\" \"You shall not be alone,\" Arabella coughed, \"For… I… will be all around you and our child… at all times. Fate shall be… kind. I can see… in my heart… that Maria shall grow into a lovable, caring… girl. I… love… you.\" And with those last words, Arabella breathed her last breath, closed her eyes, and died peacefully. Maria began to cry as Marco shed many tears and sobbed for his lost love. While grieving, Marco managed to raise Maria on his own, even though it was a very difficult task. But as the weeks became months, and months became years, Maria began to grow into a fine young girl. Even though she had no memory of her mother, Maria's father would always tell his daughter wonderful tales about Arabella – her beautiful appearance, her kind nature, and her golden singing voice. Sometimes, Maria and her father would sing songs before bedtime or while they worked on household chores. Although the girl was very close with her father and had big dreams, she had very few people in terms of friends. She had trouble socializing with other children, because Maria was very shy, especially when it came to singing in public. Her teacher would ask, \"Maria, your father tells me that you inherit your mother's beautiful voice, but why do you not sing for us?\" The young girl would only hang her head and mumble, \"I don't know. I've never done it in front of a crowd before.\" Her teacher told her that Maria would eventually grow out of being shy, and that she should try to fit in by working with others. When her father heard this, he decided to take Maria to meet Gepetto one day when she was around nine. When Gepetto saw the little girl, he saw a beautiful splitting image of Arabella, only with blue eyes instead of light brown. Maria shyly smiled and said to Marco, \"I like Signore Gepetto.\" \"I knew you would,\" answered Marco as he playfully rubbed his daughter's head. After that first meeting, Marco began to allow Maria to visit Gepetto's workshop every day after school. Maria loved it there; she liked looking at all the funny cuckoo clocks, listening to the happy melodies from the music boxes, and watching little marionettes being made – if Gepetto was in the mood for a project like that. Sometimes the old man would let the little girl paint his dolls and figurines with bright and warm colors. One Saturday when Maria was eleven years old, Marco had to sell a few of his hand-carved figures in the countryside, so he let his daughter stay with Gepetto. \"I will be back within a week, my darling,\" said Marco to his daughter, \"In the meantime, you shall have a wonderful time with Signore Gepetto, and I will let you have something to remember me in case you are lonely.\" He reached into his coat pocket and pulled out the golden necklace he showed her when she was a baby before he continued, \"This was your mama's most prized possession, and I kept it with me at all times ever since she passed away. I was saving it for your twelfth birthday, but I will give it to you now, and let it be yours.\" Maria beamed and said, \"Oh, thank you, Papa! It's beautiful!\" \"Even though I will be gone for a while, I want you to look at it and think of me whenever you are lonely,\" said Marco as he began to leave, \"Now do as I bid and be a good girl for me and Signore Gepetto. I love you!\" \"I love you, too, Papa,\" said Maria, waving goodbye to her father. So Marco mounted a brown horse, and then trotted off.[Chapter 2] Two - Bonding with Gepetto One week passed, and Marco never returned. Maria held her new necklace's pendant and tried to think of her father's love, but she became more and more worried. \"He's never coming back,\" she sadly told Gepetto the night after the seven days, \"He promised he would be home yesterday, but he hasn't showed up.\" \"Now, now, Maria,\" said Gepetto with comfort, \"I'm sure he'll come back. But if he doesn't, then I will take care of you. Now you'd better get some sleep for school tomorrow.\" \"Very well,\" sighed Maria. So she went to her bedroom to prepare for bed, hoping and praying for her father's safe return. Several more days passed, and Marco still didn't return. This time, Gepetto and Maria worried that he had died or was kidnapped. By the time Maria's twelfth birthday came, she and Gepetto celebrated with a quiet, little celebration. \"My dear Maria,\" said Gepetto, \"If both your parents were here, they'd probably want you to have plenty of gifts. But all I can offer are a few new friends. Close your eyes, and I'll tell you when to open them again!\" Maria closed her eyes, and Gepetto placed a few things on the table. Then he told her to open her eyes again. When she did, Maria was surprised to see a fishbowl with a little goldfish swimming about, and a black and white kitten walking around the table. \"Oh, Signore Gepetto, are those for me?\" she asked with enthusiasm. \"Yes, my dear,\" said Gepetto with a smile, \"The little water baby is named Cleo, and the little kitten has been called Figaro! Since you have no family at the moment, I thought I would make it up to you to have some extra friends around the place.\" Maria smiled and gave the old man a hug before he continued, \"But that is not all. Come with me and I will show you another little friend that will come!\" He led Maria to his main working area, and showed her a large log lying on a work table. Maria gave an unsure look and asked, \"This log is my other new friend?\" Gepetto replied, \"Well, I'm going to do some work on it, and then you will see. Would you like to help?\" \"Of course!\" said Maria with a smile. So Gepetto asked her to put on an apron and some protective gloves before he got out some of his useful tools. \"Now, I'm going to do most of the cutting and carving,\" explained Gepetto as he put on his own gloves, \"I don't want you to get hurt, so I will let you know when it is safe to help me out, all right?\" \"Yes, Signore Gepetto,\" said Maria, \"By the way, what kind of wood is this?\" \"The lumberjacks told me it is called 'laughing pine,'\" replied Gepetto, \"I do not know why, but one lumberjack told me that if you listen very closely, you may hear the sound of laughter inside!\" Maria leaned her head over to the log to try and hear laughing, but she couldn't hear any. \"Oh, don't you worry!\" said Gepetto with a smile, \"Maybe when I cut a little deeper, you may hear it.\" He then gently motioned for Maria to step aside so he could work. All day long, Gepetto worked hard on sawing and carving what appeared to be a little wooden boy out of his piece of laughing pine. Every once in a while, he'd ask Maria to hold down the log while he measured and chiseled. \"So what's it gonna be?\" Maria asked the old man. \"It will be a little wooden marionette,\" replied Gepetto, \"That's a kind of puppet. He will be a very special one, I tell you!\" \"Will I play with him when he's done?\" \"Of course,\" Gepetto smiled, \"The both of us will treasure him as if he were my son!\" When Gepetto mentioned the word \"son,\" Maria's smiled dropped a bit. Listening to the name of a family position made her think of her father. \"I miss Papa,\" she said softly to herself with slight sadness. Gepetto heard her and said, \"I know you do. But at least you have me as your godfather to watch and protect over you.\" Maria made a small smile and asked, \"Signore Gepetto, may I call you 'Papa?' That is, IF my real papa never comes back?\" Gepetto beamed and hugged the girl, indicating that he was saying, \"Yes.\" Figaro the kitten, who was sitting on a different table with Cleo in her bowl, watched with satisfaction and awe. That night, the old man and his goddaughter had finished carving out a body for what would soon be a marionette boy. Now it was time to start getting ready for bed. Maria changed from her usual green and white dress into a white nightgown with red trimming at the hem of the skirt; Gepetto also changed into a nightgown, along with a nightcap. \"Papa,\" said Maria, \"Every night, my real papa and I used to sing a song before I went to sleep. Would you mind if I sang a song before going to sleep?\" \"Absolutely not!\" smiled Gepetto as he climbed into his bed, which was a few feet away from Maria's smaller bed, \"Go right ahead, little Maria. But then, it is time to sleep.\" \"Alright!\" beamed Maria, \"Here's one my real papa says was one of Mama's favorites.\" So she cleared her throat and sang: If I had words to make a day for you I'd sing you a morning, golden and true! I would make this day last a long time Give you a night deep in moon shine! \"Oh, that was beautiful,\" whispered Gepetto, \"Now it is time to sleep. Good night, Maria.\" \"Good night, Papa,\" yawned Maria as she laid down within her bed sheets. Gepetto blew out a candle on his bedside drawer, and then went to sleep, while Figaro slept in a little cat's bed, and Cleo slept inside a little underwater castle in her bowl.[Chapter 3] Three - Working on the Puppet The next day, Gepetto and Maria sanded off staggering splinters on their little marionette, and then smoothed things out a bit. After that, the old man picked up a smaller block of wood and appeared to carve out a little triangular prism. \"What are you making now, Papa?\" Maria asked. \"A little hat for our new boy, of course!\" responded Gepetto, \"After all, if he's going to meet someone new, then he should be able to tip a hat to them!\" \"Good point,\" Maria agreed with a smile, \"And maybe he could have a little feather in his hat?\" \"We'll glue one in after the hat is finished, okay?\" Maria nodded and allowed for the old man to continue working on his puppet's hat. While doing so, Maria hummed a merry tune that she remembered from her father singing once when she was little. \"I'd say, Maria,\" said Gepetto as he looked at her, \"Do you know the name of that merry tune?\" Maria thought for a bit and then admitted, \"I don't remember what it's called, but my real father used to sing it to me once in a while.\" An idea then popped into her head as she exclaimed, \"Hey! We can borrow that melody and sing it to our marionette when it's finished!\" Gepetto gave a thoughtful look and then chuckled, \"Oh, yes! Why not? After all, if he's going to be part of our new family, then we must have a welcoming celebration.\" So then Maria walked over to the main bedroom to check on Figaro and Cleo. When she saw her two animal friends, Maria was surprised to see that Figaro wasn't like other cats when it came to bowls of goldfish – he didn't look at Cleo with hungry eyes, and he didn't attempt to stick his paw in the water, either. Instead, he sat by and licked his tongue against Cleo's bowl, making the little fish blush and swim a little dance for him. \"Wow, Figaro!\" said Maria when she saw this with delight, \"You sure aren't like other cats I've seen. There's something very special about you. No wonder why Signore Gepetto chose you and Cleo both!\" Figaro meowed, and then jumped off the table where he and Cleo were sitting on into Maria's hands; he let out a contented purr, and Maria blushed, too. Just then, the girl heard Gepetto calling for her to give him some assistance. \"Alright, Figaro,\" she said as she placed the kitten on Gepetto's bed, \"You and Cleo be good now, and stick around for what we have in store tonight!\" When Maria returned to Gepetto's work room, the old man smiled and asked, \"How would you like to help me paint this little fellow, Maria? You may choose whichever colors you'd like!\" Maria's face lit up as she cried, \"Me? Choose the colors for the puppet? Oh, Papa, I'd love to!\" Gepetto chuckled, \"Oh, all right, little Maria! I have some colors for you to choose. You may pick out three!\" He held up five pots of paint with red, white, blue, yellow, and black colors. Maria looked at them thoughtfully and then decided, \"I choose black, because of my hair color; blue, because of my eyes; and red, because of the color of love – I love working on this project as if it were my real job!\" Gepetto laughed and said, \"Very well. I will let you have those colors while I have yellow and white.\" \"Grazie, Papa, grazie!\" said the girl, who began painting the top of the wooden boy's head for his hair. About an hour later, Gepetto and Maria had finished most of their painting. The marionette gave a clear image of a little boy with black hair and blue eyes similar to Maria's; he also wore a yellow shirt, white gloves, red pants with a yellow stripe on each leg, reddish-brown shoes, a blue bowtie, and the triangular hat, which was now yellow with a little red feather. The only things missing now were his eyebrows and mouth. \"Now, Maria,\" said Gepetto, \"We will let him dry for a couple of hours. Then, later tonight, I shall paint on a pair of eyebrows and a happy smile for a mouth. How does that sound?\" \"That sounds good, Papa,\" Maria said with a small smile; she was happy to be nearly finished with the marionette, but she was sad that she had to let the paint dry for a while and not use her new friend right away. \"Oh, don't feel down, child,\" Gepetto said as he put his hand on the girl's shoulder for comfort, \"In the meantime, you may help me with preparing for another day of business tomorrow. Even though tomorrow you have school, that doesn't mean you can't still help me a little.\" The corners of Maria's mouth turned more upward as she replied, \"Okay, Papa. Let's go!\" So she and Gepetto happily walked over to the main area of his shop to tidy a few things up.[Chapter 4] Four - A Newcomer Cricket and a Celebration Later that evening, in another part of the village, a little anthropomorphic cricket was wandering around, looking for a place to stay. His name was Jiminy, and he had light green skin while he donned a tattered, jade green overcoat, a worn red scarf, a lime green shirt, a pair tan pants, and matching shoes that were falling apart; he also wore a top hat that was torn up. Clearly, he had been through a lot of trouble, and he couldn't find any life within the village, except for a light in Gepetto's shop. Through the window, Jiminy saw a perfectly good fire that wasn't being attended to, and he thought that a good source of warmth couldn't go to waste. So he jumped carefully down to the ground, and then crawled underneath the main door. When he got in, the cricket looked around to make sure no one was stirring about. When he saw that the coast was clear, Jiminy hopped over to the fireplace and used his little umbrella to bring a stray coal close to him. As he warmed his behind a little bit, Jiminy looked around the place and saw adorable wooden cuckoo clocks on the wall, and shelves chock-full of music boxes, dolls, and figurines. But the one thing that caught Jiminy's eye was the little wooden marionette that Gepetto and Maria had been working on. After warming up a bit, Jiminy went over to the area of the room where the wooden boy was resting on a table. He looked up at the puppet and chuckled to himself, \"Cute little fella!\" Then he hopped up to the table's top, and decided to get a better view of the puppet. After hopping onto the puppet's foot, Jiminy saw a string and decided to have a little fun. \"Ding, ding!\" he said, imitating a bell's rope, \"Goin' up?\" The cricket then used his umbrella to help him climb up the string, before he stood up on the puppet's nose. He knocked on the head with his umbrella and added, \"A good piece of wood, too!\" Just then, Jiminy heard some familiar voices coming closer. He climbed onto a higher shelf as Gepetto, Maria, and Figaro were all coming down the stairs to finish their creation. \"Well now, it won't take much longer,\" said Gepetto. \"Just a little more paint, and it'll be finished!\" added Maria with a smile. \"That's right,\" added Gepetto, \"I think he'll be alright, don't you, Figaro?\" Figaro meowed a happy meow. While Gepetto painted eyebrows onto the puppet's face, Jiminy tried to get a closer look, but he fell from the shelf he was on, only to open his umbrella and use it like a parachute. Then, he went to a lower shelf to watch the action. He rested his hand on the backside of a porcelain female figurine, but then he realized his mistake and chuckled to the figure, \"Oh, beg pardon, miss!\" Meanwhile, Gepetto concentrated hard to paint the perfect smile onto the puppet's lips. \"See?\" he said when he was finished, \"That makes a big difference!\" Figaro and Cleo smiled in agreement, while Maria added, \"That's pretty good, Papa!\" Jiminy, who was watching from the shelf, commented, \"Very good. Very, very good-\" His sentence was cut off when he saw a wooden figure of a man scowling. Jiminy looked at it and said, \"Well, can't please everybody.\" He then scowled just like the figure. Down below, Gepetto announced to the puppet, \"Now I have just the name for you. Pinocchio!\" He turned to Figaro and asked, \"Do you like it, Figaro?\" The kitten just shook his head with a frown, and Maria said, \"I don't think he does.\" \"No?\" Gepetto asked with a disappointed look, \"You do, don't you, Cleo?\" The goldfish shook her head, and Maria remarked, \"Well I think Pinocchio is a wonderful name!\" \"Well, we'll leave it to the little wooden head!\" said Gepetto. He then asked his puppet, \"Do you like it?\" Gepetto moved the string on the puppet's head to make him nod. Then the old man laughed, \"That settles it! Pinocchio it is!\" \"I'm so glad, Papa!\" Maria beamed as she gave Gepetto a hug. Up on the shelf, Jiminy Cricket gave a contented smile. \"Come now, let's try him out!\" Gepetto said as he gathered Pinocchio and led Maria to an open part of the room. \"Music professor!\" he announced as he went over to a music box where Jiminy Cricket was. Jiminy saw Gepetto, and then ran off as the old man pressed a button to make little figures on the music box move and play music. Underneath the music box, poor Jiminy was being bonked about by the moving wheels and cogs that operated the music box. \"Hey!\" he cried as he winced with pain, \"Ow, ow, ow! Take it easy there! Break it up, will ya?\" He then climbed out, only to be whacked on the head by the moving key on the side of the box. \"A lot of downbeats in there!\" he remarked as he got up. He then watched as Gepetto and Maria happily played with Pinocchio the marionette and Figaro. \"Maria, I think I may have words to that song you were humming earlier,\" Gepetto said with a smile; he then began to sing: Little wooden head, go play your part Bring a little joy to every heart! Little do you know, and yet it's true That I'm mighty proud of you! As Gepetto sang, Figaro tried to dance along, but Pinocchio kept getting in his way! Gepetto: Little wooden feet and best of all Little wooden seat in case you fall! (drops Pinocchio down) Oh, how graceful! My little wooden head! Maria happily remarked, \"Oh, Papa! Those are the most delightful lyrics I've heard in any song!\" Meanwhile, Jiminy Cricket was gleefully admiring the little wooden figures on the music box. One man conducted a man playing a violin, another on accordion, and another whistling the tune. As Gepetto and Maria danced by, Jiminy pretended to be a trumpeter so that no one would see him. \"Let's introduce Pinocchio to Cleo and Figaro,\" Maria suggested to Gepetto. \"Good idea, darling!\" Gepetto beamed. He then moved his marionette towards Cleo's bowl, while the little fish wondered what was going on. \"Cleo, meet Pinocchio!\" said Gepetto. \"Say, 'How do you do?'\" Maria told the puppet with a smile. Gepetto moved the string for Pinocchio's hat, while Cleo smiled and swam a little dance. \"Now say hello to Figaro!\" Maria beamed to Pinocchio. Figaro was licking his paw when Gepetto brought Pinocchio down to the little kitten. He then moved the puppet's hand over the kitten's back, but then moved his foot to playfully kick Figaro. \"Oops!\" laughed Gepetto, \"He missed you already!\" \"Pinocchio, that wasn't very nice!\" Maria scolded playfully. Figaro, who was not happy with the new arrival, moved his front paw and whacked the puppet on the foot, getting it tangled in other strings! Gepetto fixed Pinocchio's foot and said, \"You see what happens?\" He then put Pinocchio down in front of Figaro, and then made him move closer and closer to the little kitten. Figaro backed away slowly until he fell onto a lower step. As Figaro got up, Gepetto made Pinocchio jump at him and say, \"Boo!\" The old man laughed as Figaro peeked out from behind the step. In the meantime, the melody on the music box ended when Gepetto picked up Pinocchio and chuckled, \"Up we go! You're a cute little boy!\" Figaro, however, meowed and caressed Gepetto's ankle, which probably indicated that he wanted attention. \"Papa,\" Maria said to Gepetto, \"I think Figaro wants something.\" Gepetto looked down and saw the kitten meow for him. \"Oh, you rascal!\" he said as he picked up the little feline, \"Jealous, huh?\" He then walked along and said to the puppet, \"You know, Pinocchio, I think Figaro is jealous of you.\" He set Pinocchio and Figaro down on a table and said to the kitten, \"Don't worry, Figaro, I shall…\" His sentence was cut off when clocks began chiming. \"Papa, look how late it's getting,\" said Maria. She looked around, and all the cuckoo clocks began to strike nine and make noises. One clock had some ducks coming out of the water and quacking the chimes; another had a bee coming out of a flower's center to buzz the chimes; another one had a mother bird with her three chicks coming out of their eggs; another clock had a man attempting to behead a turkey, but with no success; another clock had a hunter attempting to shoot a bird with a gun, but with no success; another clock had a drunken man come out of a bar and \"hiccup\"; and another clock had a mother punishing her naughty son by giving him a spanking. \"I wonder what time it is,\" Gepetto wondered as he reached into his vest and pulled out a pocket watch. The watch, which had a couple of men cheering with mugs of beer, said nine o'clock. \"You're right, Maria. It is getting late,\" he said. Maria and Figaro both yawned as Gepetto told them, \"Come now, we're going to bed.\" He said to the puppet as he picked up Figaro, \"Good night, Pinocchio.\" Maria kissed the little puppet on the head and repeated, \"Good night, Pinocchio. Little funny face!\" Up on a shelf, Jiminy Cricket was getting a little sleepy, too; he stretched and yawned. Back down below, Gepetto said to Cleo, \"Good night, Cleo. My little water baby.\" He gently stroked Cleo's back while the goldfish bubbled in satisfaction. Maria then reached her finger in and tickled the fish's belly. \"Good night, Cleo,\" she repeated. Figaro was about to move on, but then Gepetto said, \"Figaro! You say good night, too.\" Figaro looked at Cleo with a grimace, while the little fish smiled. \"Go on,\" instructed Maria, \"Give her a kiss.\" Figaro reluctantly licked against Cleo's bowl, making the little fish smile and swim a little dance. \"Now go to sleep, my little mermaid,\" Gepetto said to Cleo as he picked up Figaro, \"Good night.\" Cleo swam to her little castle, and then settled into a sleeping position.[Chapter 5] Five - A Noisy Night Up on a shelf, Jiminy Cricket had removed his coat, hat and shoes; he then got into a comfortable position on the tip of a violin and yawned, \"This is my idea of comfort – solid comfort.\" Down below, Maria and Gepetto had just changed into their nightgowns, and were preparing for a good night's sleep. Gepetto was already in bed, smoking a pipe; Maria reminded him, \"Be careful about smoking in bed, Papa. My real papa told me that if you doze off while doing so…\" \"Oh, now, don't you worry,\" Gepetto replied with a little puff of smoke, \"I'm not going to let anything happen.\" Maria sighed in relief as she climbed into her own bed and watched Figaro purring in his sleep within his little kitty-sized bed. From his bed, Gepetto looked at Pinocchio on the shelf and chuckled, \"Look at him, Figaro.\" Figaro wearily opened his eyes and saw Pinocchio as Gepetto continued, \"He almost looks alive. Wouldn't it be nice if he was a real boy?\" Maria added with a smile, \"Oh that would be wonderful. It would be like having my own little brother!\" \"Yes,\" said Gepetto as he put his pipe away, \"Oh well, come on, we'll go to sleep. He then put out the flame of his bedside candle out with a little cap, and then got into a comfortable sleeping position. Maria then decided to sing a little song before going to sleep herself: When at night I go to sleep Fourteen angels watch do keep Two my head are guarding Two my feet are guiding Two are on my right hand Two are on my left hand Two who warmly cover Two who o'er me hover Two to whom 'tis given To guide my steps to Heaven. \"Oh, my dear Maria, that was lovely,\" Gepetto yawned with a smile, \"But now it's time to sleep. I'm sure your mama would be proud of your beautiful voice.\" \"Thank you, Papa,\" Maria yawned before she made herself comfortable and laid down. Meanwhile, Figaro was just going back to sleep when Gepetto said, \"Aw, Figaro.\" Figaro woke up with a grumpy face as Gepetto looked at him and said, \"I forgot to open the window.\" The old man pointed to the window above his bed as Figaro reluctantly threw off his bedclothes, climbed onto his master's bed, and then went towards the window to open it. It was quite a difficult task for the little kitten, but Figaro managed to open it; a bright blue light shone through the room. \"Oh, Figaro, Maria! Look, look, the wishing star!\" Gepetto exclaimed with excitement as he sat up and pointed outside. Maria woke up and got out of bed to investigate; up on the shelf, Jiminy Cricket looked to see what was going on, too. As Maria climbed onto her godfather's bed to see, Gepetto was kneeling as he said, \"Starlight, star bright. First star I see tonight, I wish I may, I wish I might. Have the wish I make tonight.\" Maria looked out the window a saw a star that was shining very brightly in the sky. So she bowed her head and repeated the same rhyme Gepetto recited. Figaro yawned as Gepetto asked him, \"Figaro, you know what I wished?\" The little kitten wearily shook his head, and Jiminy Cricket looked down at the two humans. Maria asked Gepetto, \"What did you wish for, Papa?\" Gepetto smiled and softly told Maria and Figaro, \"I wished that my little Pinocchio might be a real boy!\" Maria smiled and asked, \"You want to know my wish?\" She then leaned in towards Gepetto's ear and whispered, \"I wished that I could be a singer like Mama was.\" \"Oh, that's a good wish!\" Gepetto replied softly. As Maria went back to bed, Gepetto laid down underneath his sheets and told Figaro, \"Wouldn't that be nice? Just think! A real boy.\" He petted the kitten for a few minutes. Up on the shelf, Jiminy yawned, \"A very lovely thought. But not at all practical!\" He then settled himself back into a sleeping position. Down below, Gepetto yawned as he finished petting Figaro and drifted off to sleep, \"A real… boy.\" Figaro looked around and saw the old man snoring soundly, so the little kitten decided to spend the night sleeping next to his master. In the meantime, Jiminy Cricket was awakened by the sound of clocks ticking. He looked and saw an owl clock ticking with moving eyes; Jiminy's eyes began to tick in the same direction as the owl's eyes! Next, he saw two clock pendulums moving to the same ticking beat; his eyes moved like those pendulums, too! Then, the cricket saw two other pendulums moving – only one of them was ticking faster than the other; yet again, his eyes moved along with those pendulums, too! Then, Jiminy looked up and saw an hourglass with grains of sand slowly and noisily falling to the bottom half. Jiminy tried cancelling out the noise with his hat, but then he was bothered by Gepetto's loud snoring! Next thing anyone knew, the cricket was bothered by Cleo's bubbly breathing underwater! Eventually, Jiminy couldn't take anymore, so he shouted, \" QUIET! \" All the noise stopped – the clocks ticking, the snoring, and the bubbly breathing. However, little Maria was woken up by Jiminy's yell. She sat up in bed with alarm and asked softly, \"Who said that?\" Jiminy's look of annoyance softened when he heard the girl's voice. \"Oh! I apologize for that outburst, young lady,\" he said sheepishly. Maria got out of bed and asked, \"Where are you?\" \"Up here – on the shelf!\" answered Jiminy. While walking around, Maria looked up and saw the little cricket looking at her. \"A cricket?\" she asked with a raised brow. \"Not just any cricket,\" Jiminy answered with a smile, \"I'm Jiminy Cricket.\" Maria gave an unsure look and asked him, \"How did you get in here, Mr. Cricket?\" \"Oh, it's a long story,\" explained Jiminy, \"But I was just hopping along earlier this evening, and I saw a little light in your father's workshop. I was cold…\" \"Oh, that man isn't really my father,\" Maria giggled, \"He's my godfather. My real father disappeared many months ago, and hasn't returned. But until he comes back, I'm calling Mr. Gepetto my papa.\" \"Oh, that's nice,\" said Jiminy, \"Now if you don't mind, I'd like to get some…\" his sentence was cut off when he heard a shrill, soft noise from outside. \"Now what's up?\" he asked with a frown. Maria looked out the window and saw a bright light heading towards the room; terrified, she ran off to hide behind a wall. As the light became brighter and bigger, Jiminy grabbed his belongings and asked, \"Hey, what's goin' on here?!\" He then ran to hide inside a wooden pipe as the light transformed into the Blue Fairy. Author's Note: The song \"Evening Prayer\" is from the opera \"Hansel and Gretel\" ((c) Humperdinck)[Chapter 6] Six - A Granted Wish and a Riddle The Blue Fairy looked around the room with a smile, while Maria shyly stuck her head out from her hiding place; Jiminy Cricket also peeked out from inside the wooden pipe and softly smiled, \"As I live and breathe, a fairy! Mmmm-mmm!\" The Blue Fairy turned her head and saw Maria hiding behind a wall. The Fairy smiled and softly said, \"Do not be frightened, Maria. I have heard Gepetto's wish, as well as your own. Please come out.\" Maria slowly stepped forward from the wall and asked, \"Wh-who are you?\" The Fairy said, \"I am the Blue Fairy. Years ago, I helped your father find love with your mother. Now I am here to help you and Gepetto. I have heard your wishes, and I can help to grant them.\" Maria gave a big smile as the Blue Fairy then went over to the foot of Gepetto's bed and said softly, \"Good Gepetto, you have given so much happiness to others, you deserve to have your wish come true!\" She then walked over to where Pinocchio was, waved her wand, and said as she tapped the puppet with it, \"Little puppet made of pine, wake! The gift of life is thine!\" Maria watched with awe and wonder as light shone onto Pinocchio. Suddenly, the puppet's strings disappeared, and he began to move his body a little bit! As Pinocchio rubbed his eyes, Jiminy Cricket saw the ordeal and said amazement, \"Phew! What they can't do these days!\" Meanwhile Pinocchio looked at his hands and said, \"I can move!\" The marionette then covered his mouth before exclaiming with delight, \"I can talk!\" The blue fairy chuckled as Pinocchio stood up and tried walking by crying out, \"I can walk!\" However, because he was brought to life only a few minutes ago, the puppet fell back down on his backside. \"Yes, Pinocchio,\" said the Blue Fairy, \"I've given you life.\" \"Why?\" Pinocchio asked. \"Because tonight, Gepetto wished for a real boy,\" the Blue Fairy replied with a smile. \"Am I a real boy?\" \"No, Pinocchio,\" the Fairy said, \"To make Gepetto's wish come true will be entirely up to you and Maria, here.\" \"Up to me?\" the puppet asked, \"And what's a Maria?\" \"That's me,\" Maria said as she stepped forward towards the puppet, \"I'm kinda like your big sister!\" \"That's right,\" the Blue Fairy said. She turned to Pinocchio and continued, \"Prove yourself brave, truthful, and unselfish; and someday, you will be a real boy!\" \"A real boy!\" Pinocchio cried with excitement. Jiminy Cricket, who was watching from the shelf above, commented with a smile, \"That will be easy!\" Meanwhile, the Fairy was telling Pinocchio, \"You must learn to choose between right and wrong, and Maria will help you.\" \"Right? Wrong?\" Pinocchio questioned as he looked at his hands, \"But how will I know?\" \"How will he know?\" Jiminy said to himself with slight annoyance. \"You'll see in time, silly!\" Maria chuckled. \"Yes,\" said the Blue Fairy, \"And your conscience will tell you.\" \"What are conscience?\" Pinocchio asked. \"What are conscience?\" Jiminy repeated. Just when Maria was about to answer for her puppet brother, the cricket floated down with his umbrella and said, \"I'll tell ya! A conscience is that still, small voice that people won't listen to!\" After landing by Pinocchio, the cricket pulled a box of matches over to stand on. \"That's just the trouble with the world today,\" he continued. \"Are you my conscience?\" Pinocchio asked him. \"Who, me?\" Jiminy asked. Maria laughed and said, \"Silly Pinocchio, that's a cricket! It's a kind of bug!\" The Blue Fairy also chuckled and leaned over to ask Jiminy, \"Would you like to be Pinocchio's conscience?\" The cricket looked up at the fairy and stammered as he blushed, \"Well, I, uh, um, I… uh-huh.\" The Fairy laughed and said, \"Very well. What is your name?\" Jiminy replied as he moved his hat, \"Oh, uh, Cricket's the name – Jiminy Cricket!\" \"Kneel, Mr. Cricket!\" the Fairy said with a smile. Jiminy was puzzled at first, but then he kneeled as if he were about to be knighted. \"No tricks, now,\" he said. The Blue Fairy held up her wand and then gently tapped Jiminy Cricket as she said, \"I dub you Pinocchio's conscience. Lord high keeper in the knowledge of right and wrong, counselor in moments of temptation, and guide among the straight and narrow path. Arise, Sir Jiminy Cricket!\" The cricket stood up and saw that he was wearing a brand new outfit – he now wore a black dress jacket, an orange vest over a white shirt and yellow tie, light brown slacks, and black shoes with yellow spats; he also had a brand new blue top hat, and new umbrella. \"Well!\" he said with a chuckle, \"My, my! Mmmm, say! That's pretty swell!\" Maria added, \"Oh, you look very dashing for a cricket, Jiminy!\" She turned to the Blue Fairy and asked, \"I don't mean to sound rude, Miss Fairy, but what about my wish?\" The Blue Fairy smiled and said, \"Oh, Maria, I'm afraid your wish can be achieved only if you help Pinocchio achieve Gepetto's wish, first. You must prove to be a responsible, caring, and brave older sister for Pinocchio, and someday your wish will come true.\" \"What about my real papa?\" Maria added with concern, \"Is he still alive somewhere or is he dead?\" The Fairy thought for a moment, and then said with a smile, \"You will find him. I will give you a riddle as clue. Now listen carefully – make your loved ones proud; find the sign; you will see the answer in a matter of time.\" \"Make my… sign?\" Maria wondered. The Blue Fairy said, \"One more time. Make your loved ones proud; find the sign; you will see the answer in time.\" Jiminy Cricket was still admiring his clothes when he said to the Fairy, \"Gee, thanks. But uh, don't I get a badge or something?\" \"Well, we'll see!\" said the Blue Fairy. \"You mean, maybe you will?\" Jiminy asked with enthusiasm. \"I should wonder!\" The cricket slapped his fist and requested, \"Make it a gold one?\" \"Maybe,\" the Blue Fairy said. She turned to Pinocchio and said, \"Now remember, Pinocchio, be a good boy. And always let your sister – and your conscience be your guide!\" As she said those last few words, the Fairy stepped back and disappeared in a cloud of sparkles! \"Goodbye, my lady!\" Jiminy called softly. \"Goodbye,\" Pinocchio repeated with a wave. Maria, meanwhile, was still studying the Blue Fairy's riddle on how to find her father, Marco. \"Make loved ones proud,\" she thought, \"Find the sign… what sign? This doesn't make any sense.\" But then she remembered about how proud Marco – and Gepetto – would be if she helped Pinocchio along by being responsible, brave, and caring. \"I'm gonna become somebody important,\" she told herself, \"I don't know how, but I am!\" She then began to sing: Proud of your girl I'll make you proud of your girl Believe me, shy as I've been, Papa You're in for a pleasant surprise! She walked over to a window and continued: I've wasted time I've wasted me So say I'm slow for my age A late bloomer, okay I agree. As she looked out at the stars, Maria imagined herself wearing a blue dress with white trimming, a teal blue headband with a star in the center, a pearl necklace, blue flat shoes, and her hair done in a low bun. She danced among the stars as she sang: That I've been one frightened kid Some gal, some fear, but some joy But I'll get over this tearing up Messing up, screwing up times! She then envisioned Marco coming over to her and embracing her with a hug. You'll see, Papa, now comes the better part Someone's gonna make good Cross my silly heart! Make good and finally make you Proud of your girl! Marco danced with his daughter a little bit as Maria kept singing: Tell me that I've been a mouse and a loafer You won't get a fight here, no sir! Say I'm a goldbrick, a goof-off, a low-down But that couldn't be all that I am! Marco led his daughter to a bridge made out of a crescent moon, and a river of clouds flowed under it. Water flows under the bridge Let it pass, let it go There's no good reason That you should believe me Not yet, I know! Marco and Maria went up the \"bridge,\" and then slid down it, landing on a silver star. But someday and soon I'll make you proud of your girl Though I can't make myself taller Or smarter, or pretty, or wise I'll do my best, what else can I do? Marco was about to kiss his daughter on the forehead when he disappeared, and we then go back to inside Gepetto's workshop, where Maria put her head on her hand and finished the song; Since I wasn't born perfect Like Pinocchio or you Papa, I will try to Try hard to make you Proud of your girl. Maria hung her head away from the window, but then she went back over to check on Pinocchio and Jiminy Cricket. Author's Note: The song \"Proud of Your Boy/Girl\" is from Aladdin: The Musical ((c) Disney)[Chapter 7] Seven - Whistling Jiminy Cricket was looking at his reflection in a red, shiny pot while humming a cheerful little tune. \"Not bad, says I,\" Jiminy told himself as Pinocchio looked at his own reflection in the pot. Maria leaned over to see the two with a smile and asked, \"Jiminy, your task?\" \"Oh!\" Jiminy chuckled as he hopped onto a matchbox towards Pinocchio, \"Almost forgot about you! Well, Pinoke, maybe you and I better have a little heart-to-heart talk? And how about you too, Maria?\" \"Why? Pinocchio asked as he looked at the cricket. \"Well,\" said Jiminy, \"You wanna be a real boy, don't you?\" \"Uh-huh,\" answered Pinocchio. \"And you wanna be a superstar sister, too, right, Maria?\" Jiminy asked. \"Oh yes,\" said Maria. Jiminy hopped off the matchbox and told Pinocchio, \"Sit down, son!\" Pinocchio sat down on his seat with a slight thud; Maria giggled at the sight. Jiminy sat back down on the matchbox and told Pinocchio and Maria, \"Now you see, the world is full of temptations.\" \"Temptations?\" Pinocchio asked. \"Yep, temptations!\" Jiminy explained, \"They're the wrong things that seem right at the time, but uh, even though the right things may s-seem wrong sometimes, sometimes the wrong things maybe right at the wrong time, or vice versa!\" He let out a nervous chuckle before clearing his throat and asking, \"Understand?\" Pinocchio smiled for a bit, but then he shook his head and answered, \"Uh-uh.\" Maria said with a smile, \"Maybe things will make more sense later when Signore Gepetto is awake.\" \"Signore Gepetto?\" Pinocchio asked. \"The old man sleeping over there,\" Maria said as she pointed to Gepetto sleeping in his bed. As Jiminy did a face palm at Pinocchio not understanding his \"explanation\" and Maria's suggestion to listen to Gepetto instead of the cricket, Pinocchio beamed, \"But I'm gonna do right!\" \"Atta boy, Pinoke!\" Jiminy said with a smile as he hopped off the matchbox, \"And you, Maria?\" \"Oh, I'll help Pinocchio out so I can achieve my own dream!\" Maria beamed in. Jiminy hopped over to Pinocchio's foot as he said, \"I'm gonna help you, too! And anytime you two need me, you know, just whistle – like this!\" The cricket removed his hat and did a little whistle. \"Like this?\" Pinocchio asked. He tried whistling, too, but he only managed to blow some air. \"No, no, try it again, Pinoke,\" Jiminy said. \"Like this?\" Pinocchio asked; he tried whistling again, but he only got air again. \"No, son,\" said the cricket \"Like this,\" Maria said as she whistled the same tune as Jiminy. \"Maria's got it,\" Jiminy said to the puppet, \"Now listen.\" He whistled a little tune. Pinocchio tried repeating until he managed to whistle the very last two notes. \"That's it!\" Pinocchio beamed, \"Now let's sing it!\" He did a little dance for the puppet and the human girl as he sang: When you get in trouble And you don't know right from wrong Give a little whistle (whistles into his hat before covering it with his hand) Give a little whistle (removes his hand to let the whistle's echo come out his hat) When you meet temptation And the urge is very strong Give a little whistle (2x) Maria managed to whistle a little bit, and Pinocchio tried copying Jiminy's move of whistling into his hat, although he only managed to blow out some air. As the puppet looked inside his hat for the whistle, Jiminy kept singing: Not just a little squeak Pucker up and blow! (bows into a jug) And if your whistle's weak, yell… \"Jiminy Cricket!\" Pinocchio guessed as he stood up with a smile. \"That's right,\" Maria beamed. \"Right!\" added Jiminy as he danced on a violin's strings like a tightrope walker and kept singing: Take the straight and narrow path And if you start to slide Give a little whistle (2x) And always let your conscience be your guide! One of the strings then snapped at Jiminy, making him jump off onto a shelf, and then he used his umbrella like a trombone to hum his song. When he came to a wooden pipe, Jiminy made noises like he were dropping down (which eventually did before landing onto a sawblade). The cricket then whistled his song as he jumped up and down on the sawblade before landing on a cuckoo clock; Jiminy moved the minute hand and knocked the door with his umbrella, before leading a line of figurines representing a farmer, his wife, a cow, and a maiden ringing bells. As the clock figurines went into a different door, Jiminy sang as he admired the maiden figure: Take the straight and narrow path And if you start to slide Give a little whistle (tips his hat) Yoo-hoo! Give a little whistle Woo-hoo! And always let your conscience be your guide! As Jiminy tried to follow the maiden, the door closed, making him bump into the door, and Maria giggled at the sight. Meanwhile, Pinocchio was walking on his shelf and sang, \"And always let your conscience be your guide!\" However, the little puppet wasn't looking where he was going, so he got his feet caught in some pails, and then bumped into a bunch of bottles! \"Look out!\" cried Jiminy. \"Oh no!\" Maria gasped as the falling bottles made noise. Meanwhile, Gepetto, Figaro, and Cleo woke up with surprise when they heard the crash![Chapter 8] Eight - Gepetto Finds Pinocchio Gepetto, who had heard the crashing, sat up in bed and called out, \"Who's there?\" \"It's me!\" Pinocchio answered with a smile from underneath a table. \"Oh, it's me,\" Gepetto murmured as he laid back down to sleep. However, he realized what he just heard and repeated, and sat back up, crying, \"Huh? Maria, was that you?\" Instead of answering him, Maria just snickered and got down on her knees, hiding beside the table that Pinocchio was under. She giggled at the puppet and put a finger to her lips, indicating that Pinocchio should remain quiet. Meanwhile, Gepetto looked in shock at the sight of Maria's bed being empty! \"Shhh! Figaro, There is somebody in here,\" Gepetto whispered to the little kitten with fright as he got out of bed, \"And I think they've got Maria as a hostage!\" Figaro just hid behind his master's pillow while Jiminy Cricket peeked out from behind a book; Gepetto took his candle and lit it before he took a pistol from underneath his pillow. As the old man stepped away from his bed slowly and quietly, Figaro peeked out from the pillow and decided to follow his master. After walking a little bit, Figaro let out a nervous meow. Gepetto shushed him and whispered, \"Careful now, Figaro. He might spring out at us anytime!\" Eventually, Gepetto and Figaro came over to the table where Pinocchio and Maria were hiding. Maria hid behind a pile of wood beside the worktable, while Pinocchio remained underneath with a grin. \"He's in here somewhere,\" Gepetto whispered; up on a shelf, Jiminy put his hand over his mouth to prevent from giggling. Maria did the same thing. Just then, Pinocchio snuck up to Figaro and exclaimed, \"Here I am!\" Figaro jumped upward into Gepetto's nightgown, making the old man jump and shoot his pistol upward towards the ceiling. Jiminy moved out of the way just before the bullet came flying through the shelf! Maria, meanwhile, laughed as the clocks began to chime and make noise uncontrollably. Gepetto, who was sitting down beside his bed, saw what happened and gave her a stern look as he walked over to her. \"Maria, what is all this?\" he asked with humiliation and disgust, \"Making me and Figaro believe that there were intruders in this workshop?\" \"But, Papa, it wasn't me!\" Maria admitted with shock as she left her hiding place, \"Look down at the ground!\" Gepetto reluctantly looked down, and saw that Pinocchio was on the floor. Figaro meowed as he came over to the puppet, and then the old man followed and asked as he picked up the wooden boy, \"Oh, Pinocchio, how did you get down here?\" \"I fell down,\" Pinocchio answered as Gepetto set him on the table. Gepetto adjusted Pinocchio a little bit as he asked, \"Oh you did…\" He then gasped with shock, \"Oh! You're talking!\" \"Uh-huh,\" the wooden boy nodded with a smile. \"No, no, no, no!\" Gepetto cried with disbelief as he shook his head. \"Yes, and I can move, too!\" Pinocchio added as he waved his hands a bit. \"Papa, it's true!\" Maria added. \"Oh, no, no, no!\" Gepetto cried as he walked away, \"You can't be, I'm dreaming in my sleep!\" \"Papa, you must believe!\" Maria insisted. \"Oh, wake me up!\" Gepetto exclaimed as he ran round before reaching his wash basin, \"Wake me up!\" He then took the pitcher full of water, and poured it on top of his head! Figaro, who was underneath the old man the whole time, ended up getting soaked by some of the water, too! After getting splashed, Gepetto shook his head, wiped his face, and turned to face Pinocchio and Maria as he said, \"Now we'll see who's dreaming!\" Maria just folded her arms and insisted, \"Papa, I swear, this isn't a dream – it really happened!\" Gepetto ignored her with disbelief and told Pinocchio, \"Go on – say something!\" Pinocchio smiled and then giggled, \"Gee, you're funny! Do it again!\" Gepetto gasped and said, \"You DO talk!\" \"Yes,\" nodded Pinocchio, \"The Blue Fairy came…\" \"The Blue Fairy?\" asked Gepetto. \"Yes, Papa!\" Maria chimed in, \"She also chose me to be Pinocchio's big sister, and to help him in order to fulfill my wish!\" \"Your wish?\" Gepetto asked. \"Yes,\" added Maria, \"I also need to solve a riddle in order to see my real father again, but I think I can do that, too!\" \"Uh-huh,\" Pinocchio chimed in, \"And I got a conscience!\" \"A conscience?\" Gepetto questioned; up on the shelf, Jiminy happily pointed to himself, indicating that he was selected to be the little puppet's conscience. \"And someday,\" Pinocchio continued, \"I'm gonna be a real boy!\" \"And I'll be a singer!\" Maria beamed. \"A real boy!\" Gepetto cried as he jumped with excitement. He picked up Pinocchio and beamed, \"It's my wish – it's come true!\" He then showed the puppet to Figaro and chuckled, \"Figaro, look! He's alive! He can talk!\" Gepetto lowered Pinocchio towards Figaro and told the wooden boy, \"Say hello to Figaro!\" \"Hello to Figaro!\" Pinocchio repeated as the little kitten backed away from him. \"Oh, Figaro, don't be scared!\" Maria smiled, \"He's only a little boy – made from wood!\" Figaro hesitated as Pinocchio held his hand over the kitten's head, and then Figaro gave a smile as he let Pinocchio pet him; Maria also gave a happy and tender grin. Just then, Cleo, who wanted to see what all the excitement was about, jumped out of her bowl, and then back into it. \"Oh, Cleo, I almost forgot!\" exclaimed Gepetto when he saw the little goldfish. He then picked up Pinocchio and happily said, \"Look, it's Pinocchio!\" Figaro, who had been rubbing his head against Pinocchio's legs, fell over when Gepetto picked up the wooden boy, making the kitten frown. Maria came over and picked Figaro up while softly saying, \"Oh, Figaro, it's okay. We're all a little excited tonight.\" Meanwhile, Gepetto held Pinocchio above Cleo's bowl and told him, \"She's my little water baby. Isn't she cute?\" Pinocchio swished his finger in the water and replied, \"Yeah, cute!\" Cleo was so ecstatic that she jumped out of her bowl to give Pinocchio a kiss on the lips! She did the same to Figaro, who rubbed his lips in disgust. Gepetto then took Pinocchio and cheerfully laughed, \"This calls for a celebration! Music!\" He then turned on a few music boxes and encouraged Pinocchio, \"You start one, Pinocchio!\" Pinocchio saw a music box of some walruses playing musical instruments while being conducted by a seal; he pressed the button and music began playing! Maria saw a music box that resembled a saint blowing a trumpet, and pressed the button on that one, too. Then, she joined Gepetto and Pinocchio, and the three of them danced happily. Figaro and Cleo watched the three with happy looks on their faces. Meanwhile, Jiminy Cricket saw a music box consisting of a man and a woman dancing around. \"Oooh, a party!\" the cricket said with a smile. As the two figures joined together to dance, Jiminy tapped the man figure and asked, \"Mind if I cut in?\" When the two figures broke apart from each other, Jiminy took the woman and danced with her; he moved his brows up and down and asked, \"How about sitting out the next one, babe?\" Before Jiminy knew it, the two figures came together again, and he was trapped between the man and the woman! \"Hey!\" he cried, \"Whoa! Let me out! Let me out!\" At his last words, the figures came apart and Jiminy fell on his seat. In the meantime, Gepetto was playing an accordion while Pinocchio danced with Figaro, and Maria pretended to be a dancing gypsy. Gepetto came over to Cleo's bowl and cried as he twirled his finger in the water, \"Come, Cleo! Join the party! Dance!\" Cleo twirled around with the little whirlpool and smiled. Pinocchio, on the other hand, had decided to look around. He saw a burning candle and said, \"Oooh, nice!\" While Gepetto was picking some toys up, Maria saw Pinocchio near the burning candle and gave a look of fear; she went over to him and said, \"Pinocchio, don't touch that!\" Pinocchio put two of his fingers in the flame before bringing them back; he looked at Maria and said, \"Oh, hi, Maria! Look what I found!\" \"Yes, I see,\" said Maria, \"But that's fire, and it can hurt you!\" Pinocchio pinched at the flames again and said, \"It doesn't seem to hurt me!\" Maria just did a face palm. Meanwhile, Gepetto was carrying an armload of toys when Pinocchio cried out, \"Look, pretty!\" The little wooden boy held up a finger, which had flames on it!\" \"I tried telling him, Papa, but he wouldn't listen!\" Maria said with her arms crossed. Gepetto saw what was happening, dropped the toys, and yelled, \"Oh, help!\" He picked up Pinocchio and tried blowing the flames out, but it was no use! The old man ran around in fear while crying out for water; he accidentally stepped on Figaro's tail, making the kitten yelp and make a sound like a fire engine! Jiminy held up his top hat, which was full of water, and cried, \"Here it is! Here's some water! Here's water…\" His sentence was cut off when he tripped over a pencil and fell, dunking his face into the water-filled hat by accident! Maria, meanwhile, suggested to Gepetto, \"Try the fishbowl! I'm sure Cleo wouldn't mind helping Pinocchio!\" Gepetto took the girl's advice, and then dunked Pinocchio's finger into Cleo's fishbowl. The water became all smoky black; Gepetto rubbed Pinocchio's finger and said, \"That was close! Maybe we'd better go to bed before something else happens?\" As everyone went back to bed, Cleo reached the surface of her bowl and began coughing out black smoke rings.[Chapter 9] Nine - Preparing for School After the event-filled night, everyone in Gepetto's workshop was getting ready to go back to sleep. Jiminy Cricket removed his new jacket, hat and shoes as he sleepily said to himself, \"Little man, you've had a busy night.\" The cricket then made a bed out of a box of matches, laid down, pulled the opening close, and drifted off to sleep with a few yawns. Down below, Maria was back in her own bed while Gepetto and Pinocchio were lying down together in the old man's bed; Pinocchio was wearing a white nightgown and a red cap just like Gepetto. \"Now close your eyes and go to sleep,\" said Gepetto after he put the flame in his candle out. \"Why?\" Pinocchio asked with wide eyes. \"Everybody has to sleep,\" Gepetto answered, \"Maria goes to sleep…\" Maria folded her arms and gave a funny to her \"brother\" as Gepetto continued, \"Figaro goes to sleep…\" Figaro frowned and rolled over his master's bed. \"And Cleo,\" Gepetto kept going on, \"And besides, tomorrow you and Maria have got to go to school.\" \"Why?\" asked Pinocchio. Maria just gave an annoyed looked and rolled over to her side, trying to sleep. \"Oh, to learn things and get smart,\" Gepetto answered Pinocchio's question as he started drifting off to sleep. \"Why?\" Pinocchio asked again. \"Because,\" Gepetto mumbled as he went to sleep. \"Oh,\" said Pinocchio. In her bed, Maria opened one eye and whispered, \"Go to sleep, little brother.\" Pinocchio yawned and then decided to go to sleep. The next morning, the sound of church bells filled the village as doves flew around the sky. In the streets, people were preparing for their day by opening their shops and tending their animals; children were happily running about, getting ready for another day at school. At Gepetto's workshop, Maria (who wasn't wearing her apron) opened the door, and she, Pinocchio, and Figaro stepped out excitedly. Pinocchio hopped around to a good look around and saw the children walking along through the streets. Gepetto, however, was having no luck at trying to fit a black vest onto Pinocchio. \"Look, Father, look!\" Pinocchio cried out. \"Hey now, stand still now!\" said Gepetto. \"What are those?\" Pinocchio asked Gepetto looked up and said, \"Oh, those! They're your schoolmates – girls and boys now, get in…\" \"Real boys?\" Pinocchio asked with a grin. \"Yes,\" said Maria with a smile. \"Yes, but hurry now!\" Gepetto said as he finally managed to put the vest on Pinocchio. As Pinocchio started running off, Gepetto called for him to wait. The old man took out a red apple, shined it on his sleeve, and said as he gave it to Pinocchio, \"Here's an apple for your teacher. Now turn around and let me look you over!\" Pinocchio kept his head in place as he moved his body around; Maria laughed and said, \"You are so clever, Pinocchio!\" She picked up her school bag and softly said with a small smile, \"It'll be a shame you won't do that when you're a real boy. Figaro, meanwhile, rubbed the chuckling Gepetto on the leg, motioning him to give Pinocchio his school book. Gepetto picked up the book and gave it to Pinocchio and said, \"Here. Run along now, you two.\" Pinocchio and Maria happily skipped along and Figaro followed. Gepetto laughed and said, \"Wait, wait! Come back here, Figaro!\" Maria saw the kitten as she looked back and giggled, \"Figaro, you silly! I'm sorry, but you have to stay home!\" Gepetto, meanwhile, picked up the kitten and told him, \"School is not for you!\" \"Goodbye, Father!\" Pinocchio called out as he skipped along. \"Arriverderci, Papa!\" Maria called. \"Goodbye,\" Gepetto waved, \"Hurry back!\" As the two children hopped along merrily, Gepetto sang a merry little tune as he and Figaro went back into the workshop.[Chapter 10] Ten - A Fox and A Cat While the children were on their way to school, two anthropomorphic animals were wandering the dark parts of town. One of them was a red fox wearing a green jacket with matching pants, a blue cloak, and a gray top hat; the other animal was a brown and tan cat wearing a lavender shirt with matching pants, a yellow cloak, and a tiny light blue top hat. The fox's real name was J. Worthington Fowlfellow, but everyone who came across him only knew him as \"Honest John;\" his feline sidekick was named Gideon, and he never spoke a word. \"Ah, Gideon, listen!\" Fowlfellow said as he and Gideon walked into the sunlight, \"The merry laughter of innocent children winding their way to school! Thirsty little minds rushing to the fountain of knowledge!\" Chuckling, he picked up a cigar on the ground with his cane and continued, \"School. A noble institution! What would this stupid world be without…\" Fowlfellow struck a match to light his cigar, but then he paused when he saw a poster upon a wall. The poster had a picture of a man carrying puppets on strings, and words that read The Great Stromboli: Marionette Show . \"Well, well, well!\" the fox said, \"Stromboli! So that old rascal's back in town, eh?\" Fowlfellow laughed and said to Gideon, \"Remember, Gideon, the time I tied strings on you and nearly passed you off as a puppet?\" Gideon just moved his head and shrugged off the memory as Fowlfellow continued, \"We nearly put one over on that old gypsy that time!\" As the fox and cat walked along, Maria and Pinocchio kept happily skipping along to school. As he laughed, Fowlfellow saw the two children and commented, \"A little girl with a wooden boy!\" He and Gideon were about to continue on when the fox stopped with surprise and said, \"A wooden boy?!\" He and Gideon ran to behind a corner and the fox whispered, \"Look here, Giddy, look! It's amazing! A live puppet without strings! A thing like that ought to be worth a fortune to someone…\" He then pondered about who would want Pinocchio to make money and wondered, \"Now let me see… That's it! Stromboli!\" He pointed to the poster of Stromboli and thought, \"Why that old faker would give his…\" Fowlfellow turned to Gideon and whispered, \"If we play our cards right, we'll be on Easy Street, or my name isn't Honest John!\" Gideon happily nodded as Fowlfellow quickly moved and whispered, \"Quick! We'll let him and that girl off!\" As the cat kept nodding, the fox used his cane to lure his friend along with him. As Pinocchio and Maria hopped along beside a stone wall, Fowlfellow and Gideon (who hopped up and down to see things) moved along the other side, ready to distract Pinocchio and Maria. The wooden boy and the human girl skipped along as the fox and the cat hid behind their side of the wall by an opening; however, they were too late to drop a flower pot upon one of the children's head. Instead, Gideon accidentally dropped the pot on the ground, and Fowlfellow lured him away. When he saw the Maria and Pinocchio were going to turn a corner of the wall, Fowlfellow stopped and shushed to Gideon (thinking he was behind him), and whispered, \"Now's our…\" His sentence was cut off when he didn't see Gideon behind, but in front of him, holding a wooden mallet to knock one of the children out. \"No, no, stupid!\" Fowlfellow frowned at the cat as he took the mallet and bonked Gideon on the head with it, \"Don't be crude!\" Gideon gave a hiccup as Fowlfellow whispered, \"Let me handle this. Here they come!\" The fox then stood against the wall by his back as he held his cane out for the children to trip on, and told Gideon, \"Ah, yes, Giddy! As I was saying to the duchess only yesterday…\" His sentence was cut off when Pinocchio tripped over the cane on cue, and Maria became shocked. \"Oh, are you okay, little brother?\" she asked as she picked up his schoolbook. \"Oh, how clumsy of me!\" Fowlfellow said with fake sympathy as he pushed Maria and Gideon aside to help Pinocchio, \"Oh, my, my, my!\" Gideon got out a little brush to dust Pinocchio's backside from dust as the fox continued, \"Oh, I'm terribly sorry! Oh, I do hope you're not injured!\" Gideon check Pinocchio's back trouser pocket for any money to steal, but Maria gave him a glare, knowing right away not to trust any of the animals. \"I'm alright,\" Pinocchio told the fox as Fowlfellow knocked Gideon on the head to keep his mind out of Pinocchio's pockets. \"Oh, splendid!\" said Fowlfellow to Pinocchio. \"And what do you think you're doing with my brother?\" Maria asked Fowlfellow with her hands on her hips. Fowlfellow looked at Maria and stated, \"Why, I was just helping…\" He then gasped, \"Wait! This wooden boy is your brother?\" \"He is,\" Maria stated with an unimpressed look as she tried to give Pinocchio back his schoolbook; instead, Fowlfellow snatched it from her to look at it as he ate Pinocchio's apple. As he \"read\" the schoolbook, Fowlfellow wondered aloud to Pinocchio, \"Well, well, quite a scholar, I see!\" He held the book upside down and showed it to Gideon and chuckled, \"Look, Giddy! A man of letters!\" Fowlfellow then handed the book to Pinocchio and told him, \"Here's your book.\" \"Come on, Pinocchio,\" Maria told her \"brother.\" \"We're going to school!\" Pinocchio told the fox and the cat. \"School?\" Fowlfellow said as he pulled Pinocchio back with his cane, \"School? Ah yes, then you haven't heard of the easy road to success?\" \"Uh-uh,\" Pinocchio said as he shook his head. \"Pinocchio,\" Maria whispered, \"There's something about this fox…\" \"No, don't listen to her,\" Fowlfellow told Pinocchio, \"I'm speaking, my boy, of the theater!\" He pulled his cape over his shoulder to make a dramatic look; Pinocchio was impressed while Maria wasn't quite sure. \"Here's your apple,\" the fox said as he handed Pinocchio what was left of the apple (a core). Pinocchio and Maria both gave a look of disgust at the eaten apple as Fowlfellow gave details about life as an actor or singer, \"Bright lights, music, applause, fame!\" He moved his eyebrows up and down at the last word. \"Fame?\" Pinocchio wondered as he tried to move his brows up and down. \"Fame?\" Maria thought to herself, \"Maybe not so bad, after all… Mama was a famous singer, so why can't I be one, too? Then I'd really make Gepetto and my real Papa proud!\" \"Yes!\" Fowlfellow told Pinocchio with a grin, \"And with that personality, that profile, that physique!\" He turned over to Gideon and snickered, \"Why, he's a natural born actor, and she could be a great actress, too! Eh, Giddy?\" Gideon dopily nodded. Maria cleared her throat at Pinocchio, and then the wooden boy said to the fox, \"Well, my big sister and I are going too…\" \"Straight to the top!\" Fowlfellow said as he pulled Pinocchio over to him again, \"Why, I can see your names in lights! Lights six feet high! Uh, what are your names?\" Maria raised a brow and said, \"My name is Maria.\" \"And I'm Pinocchio!\" Pinocchio added. \"Maria!\" Fowlfellow cried with excitement, \"M-A-R-I-A! And Pinocchio! P-I-N-uh, O-U, P-I…\" He got confused about how to spell the puppet's name, but the fox shrugged it off and chuckled, \"We're wasting precious time! Come, you two! We're on to the theater!\" Fowlfellow placed one arm around Pinocchio, and the other around Maria as they walked and he sang: Hi-diddle-dee-dee! An actor's life for me! A high silk hat and a silver cane! A watch of gold with a diamond chain! Hi-diddle-dee-day! An actor's life is gay! It's great to be a celebrity! An actor's life for me! Ta-dum-diddle-dee-dum Ti-dee-um-dum-dee-dum Ta-dum-dee-diddle-dee-dum Ta-dum-ta-dum! (2x) Hi-diddle-dee-di! Ta-dee-de-dum-ta-dee! Hi-diddle-dee-dum! An actor's life is fun! As the fox, cat, and children paraded through the streets, a familiar cricket was rushing to get dressed as he ran to find Pinocchio and Maria. \"Phew!\" Jiminy breathed as he struggled to get dressed, \"Fine conscience I turned out to be – late the first day! Oh well, they can't get in much trouble between here and school.\" As he finished dressing and getting things in place, Jiminy paused to catch his breath. He noticed a familiar quartet of singers and cried, \"Oh boy! A parade!\" As the cricket marched to the music, he stopped in shock when he heard some familiar young voices singing along! Fowlfellow: An actor's life for me! Pinocchio and Maria: Hi-diddle-dee-dee! An actor's/singer's life for me! \"Huh?\" Jiminy cried when he looked to see Maria and Pinocchio walking and singing along with a couple of strangers. Fowlfellow: A waxed mustache and a beaver coat! A pony cart and a billy-goat! \"Why's it's Maria and Pinoke!\" Jiminy thought to himself before calling to them, \"Hey! Where are you going? As the fox kept singing, Jiminy ran to catch up with the party as he called, \"Wait! Halt! Hold on there! Pinoke! Maria!\" He then ran over to Fowlfellow's tail, hopped onto it, and then hopped up his back to the top of his hat. \"Hey, Pinoke! Maria!\" Jiminy whispered before he shouted, \"Hey!\" The cricket then whistled very loudly, and the fox stopped singing and asked, \"What was that?\"[Chapter 11] Eleven - Temptation is Hard to Resist! Maria and Pinocchio looked at the top of J. Worthington \"Honest John\" Fowlfellow's top hat, and Pinocchio cried out with glee, \"Oh, it's Jiminy! Whacha doing up there?\" Fowlfellow, not understanding what was going on, looked around and wondered, \"Huh? Who? Wh-what? Jiminy? Where?\" Up on top of the fox's hat, Jiminy Cricket smirked at Gideon, and then made a shushing sound. \"Why, my boy!\" Fowlfellow chuckled, \"You must be seeing things!\" \"No, there's a real cricket!\" Maria insisted. \"Yeah,\" added Pinocchio, \"That's my conscience! He…\" In the meantime, Gideon pulled out a wooden mallet from his coat as Fowlfellow assured Pinocchio, \"Now, now, now! Just calm down. Why, there's nothing up there to be afraid of!\" At his last words, Jiminy hopped off of the fox's hat moments before Gideon whacked his mallet onto Fowlfellow's head! The fox angrily muffled underneath his hat as Gideon looked at the clean mallet before looking at his friend, trying to get his hat off! Meanwhile, Jiminy had made his way to a flower, and then softly called, \"Psst! Pinoke, Maria!\" He whistled and got Pinocchio and Maria's attention to follow his voice. The girl and wooden boy looked around until Jiminy called out, \"Over here! Over here!\" They looked at the flower that Jiminy was hiding in and ran over to it. \"Oh, Jiminy! I'm gonna be an actor!\" Pinocchio proclaimed. \"And I've decided to be a singer!\" added Maria. \"All right, you two, take it easy now,\" Jiminy said calmly. Maria and Pinocchio got a closer look at him as he said, \"Remember what I said about temptation?\" \"Uh-huh,\" nodded Pinocchio. \"Yeah,\" added Maria. \"Well, that's him,\" Jiminy said as he pointed to Fowlfellow. \"Oh, no, Jiminy!\" said Pinocchio as he shook his head, \"That's Mr. Honest John!\" \"I don't see anything dangerous about him, either!\" added Maria. \"Honest John?!\" Jiminy repeated with shock. In the meantime, Gideon wondered what he should to help Fowlfellow, so he opened the top of the hat, only to hear an angry \" GET ME OUTTA HERE! \" right in his face! The cat backed away in shock, but he then grabbed a cane, climbed onto the fox's back, and then tried moving that hat off with the cane. Gideon got his mallet as he kept the cane onto Fowlfellow's hat, and then whacked the fox on the head with it! The impact sent Fowlfellow shoot backward into a pond! The fox groaned as he slid into the water. Back where Jiminy was counseling the children, the cricket advised them what to do by saying, \"All right then. Here's what we'll tell them. You two can't go to the theater, say thank you just the same, you're sorry, but you have to go to school.\" \"Mmm-hmm,\" Pinocchio nodded. \"Okay,\" added Maria. \"Oh, Pinocchio! Maria!\" a familiar voice called out. Jiminy dove into the flower to hide as Pinocchio and Maria turned their heads to see who was calling their name. It was Fowlfellow, soaking wet with Gideon following him. \"Oh, Pinocchio! Maria!\" the fox kept calling, \"Woo-hoo!\" \"Here they come, kids,\" Jiminy whispered to the children as he peeked out from the flower's petals, \"Now you tell him!\" \"Woo-hoo!\" the fox called, \"Oh, little boy! Little girl!\" He turned around and saw the children as he pointed his cane and cried, \"Ah-ha! Now where were we? Onto the theater!\" Unable to resist temptation, Pinocchio and Maria happily decided to go along with the fox and cat. \"Goodbye, Jiminy!\" Pinocchio called. \"Goodbye!\" Maria called out. Jiminy, who was listening, wondered, \"Goodbye?\" He looked up and gasped, \"Goodbye?!\" The fox and children sang their song as they went away, and Jiminy tried calling, \"Hey, Pinoke! Maria! You can't…\" The cricket then wondered what to do and asked himself, \"What'll I do? I know! I'll go tell their father!\" As he ran down the flower stem and towards the location of the workshop, he stopped himself and then stated, \"No! I gotta be snitchy! I'll go after them myself!\" With that, the cricket ran off in the direction that Maria, Pinocchio, and the animals were heading.[Chapter 12] Twelve - Stromboli's Show Later that evening, a crowd of people gathered around a gypsy's caravan, and a large, male gypsy wearing green and red announced, \"Ladies and gentlemen! To conclude the performance of this great show, Stromboli, the master showman – that's me…\" He mumbled something in Italian before continuing, \"And the special permission of the management – that's me, too!\" He said another Italian phrase under his breath before he continued, \"Is presenting something you will absolutely refuse to believe!\" In the meantime, Jiminy Cricket had climbed up a lamppost, and was fighting off a few fireflies as he got to the light. When the fireflies disappeared, the cricket looked down at the mumbling crowd and remarked, \"Wow! Looks like a sell-out!\" Stromboli kept announcing, \"Introducing the only marionette who can sing and dance absolutely without the ends of strings!\" He muttered another Italian phrase before he added, \"We will also feature a lovely, aspiring little girl who claims to have the voice of an angel!\" The gypsy did a quick prayer in Italian before he finished, \"But first, I give you the one and only Pinocchio!\" The crowd clapped and cheered, while Jiminy Cricket frowned and scoffed, \"Hmph! What a build-up!\" Below, Stromboli conducted his band to play some music, and some marionettes of trumpeters appeared as the curtain rose, and a familiar wooden boy was introduced. Pinocchio moved around a little bit before going down singing as he went down some steps: I've got no strings To hold me down… His singing was cut off when he tripped and fell forward down the stairs! When he landed, Pinocchio got his nose stuck in a wooden hole in the stage, and everyone laughed! Up on the lamppost, Jiminy commented with disappointment, \"Go ahead! Make a fool of yourself! Then maybe you'll listen to your conscience?\" At the performance, Stromboli gave an angry, high-pitched squeal as he took Pinocchio and cursed in Italian before calming down and gently placing the little puppet back on his feet. The show went on as Pinocchio sang: I've got no strings To hold me down To make me fret Or make me frown! I had strings But now you see There are no strings on me! Jiminy Cricket kept looking at his wooden friend with disgust and disappointment as Pinocchio danced onstage and kept singing: Hi-ho, the merry-o! That's only way to be! I want the world to know Nothing ever worries me! From behind the caravan, Maria heard Pinocchio singing and gave a happy smile. Meanwhile, Stromboli told the audience an Italian expression and added with a laugh, \"What I tell you, eh?\" I've got no strings So I have fun! I'm not tied up To anyone They have strings But you can see There are no strings on me! The background scenery changed to a rural scene from the Netherlands, and a Dutch girl puppet came down to Pinocchio and sang: You've got no strings Your arms is free To love me by The Zuider Zee! Ja, ja, ja! If you would woo I'd boost my strings for you! More Dutch girl puppets appeared and did a traditional Dutch dance for Pinocchio. The wooden boy tried copying them, but he ended up being bumped about! The scenery then became an image of a market from Paris, France, and a French girl puppet appeared to Pinocchio and sang: You've got no strings! Comme-ci, comme-ca! Your savoire-faire Is ooh-la-la! I've got strings But entre nous! I'd cut my strings for you! More French girl puppets appeared in front of Pinocchio and danced the can-can. Jiminy Cricket looked down, and then grabbed a pair of eyeglasses as he gasped at the girls with excitement. Soon, the can-can ended and the scene changed to an image of the Red Square in Russia. A Russian girl puppet came down and sang: Down where the Volga flows There's a Russian rendezvous Where me and Ivan goes But I'd rather go with you! Hey! Puppets of Russian male Cossacks came down and did a dance while shouting out, \"Hey!\" Pinocchio tried copying the moves, and even shouted, \"Hey!\" himself! The Russian puppets then twirled around, and by the time the dance was over, Pinocchio was caught up in the other puppets and sang out, \"There are no strings on me!\" The crowd laughed and applauded as Pinocchio's act ended. The Russian puppets disappeared, making Pinocchio fall onto the stage (his nose getting stuck again), and a hat appeared on his head as he looked up, taking the piece of wood his nose was stuck on with him, and then got up to bow. Coins were tossed, and then Stromboli took Pinocchio before announcing, \"Thank you! Grazie, everyone! Grazie!\" Everyone finished applauding as the gypsy mumbled another Italian phrase and then announced, \"Now I will present the aspiring young lady! Put your hands together for the lovely, angel-voiced Maria Castelluccio!\" The audience cheered, and then Stromboli took Pinocchio behind his caravan as Maria cautiously made her way to the stage. Jiminy just looked down and groaned, \"Oh no! Tell me this isn't happening to the girl who was gonna be his older sister!\" When she got to the stage, Maria looked around nervously, but then she cleared her throat and smiled. The background scenery changed to the top of a table with a bowl of soup and some animal-shaped crackers surrounding it. Maria then sang as the music played: Animal crackers in my soup Monkeys and rabbits, loop-de-loop! Gosh, oh, gee! Do I have fun? Swallowing animals one by one! She then decided to twirl her skirt a little bit and dance as she kept singing: In every bowl of soup I see Lions and tigers watching me I make them jump right through the hoop! Those animal crackers in my soup! A wolf puppet came down and made the girl gasp, but she regained composure and sang: When I get hold of the big bad wolf I just push him under to drown Then I bite him in a million bits And I gobble him right down! The wolf puppet gave a frightened yelp, and then disappeared from stage! Maria smiled as she moved her arms a bit and sang: When they're inside me where it's dark I walk around like Noah's Ark I stuff my tummy like a goop With animal crackers in my soup! Animal crackers in my soup Do funny things to me They make me think my neighborhood Is a big menagerie! An angry male janitor puppet appeared with a mop and glared at Maria. The girl just frowned at him as a lion puppet appeared and roared, scaring the janitor away! For instance, there's the janitor His name is Signore Klein And when he hollers at us kids He reminds me of the lion! The lion puppet disappeared, and a fat male puppet with a mustache carrying a bag of food appeared. A walrus puppet appeared and danced as Maria sang: The grocer is so big and fat He has a big mustache He looks just like a walrus Just before he takes a splash! The grocer and walrus puppets disappeared, and Maria skipped and danced around while singing: Animal crackers in my soup Monkeys and rabbits, loop-de-loop Gosh, oh gee! Do I have fun? Swallowing animals one by one! In every bowl of soup I see Lions and tigers watching me I make them jump right through the hoop Those animal crackers in my soup! The wolf puppet appeared again, but Maria just smiled and decided to hold its paws as she danced and sang: When I get hold of the big bad wolf I just push him under to drown Then I bite him in a million bits As I gobble him right down! The wolf disappeared, and marionettes of camels, zebras, giraffes and elephants appeared; they danced with the girl as Maria sang: When they're inside me where it's dark I walk around like Noah's Ark I stuff my tummy like a goop With animal crackers in my soup! The animals and Maria danced around as Stromboli complimented them in Italian, and then told the audience, \"This girl is sensational, no?\" At his lamppost, Jiminy Cricket just looked at Maria and said sarcastically with a frown, \"Nice going, Maria! If your parents saw this, they'd be REALLY proud!\" Back on stage, the animal puppets went away as Maria finished singing: When they're inside me where it's dark I walk around like Noah's Ark I stuff my tummy like a goop With animal crackers in my soup! The audience clapped and cheered for Maria as the girl gave a bow and wiped some sweat from her forehead. \"I can't believe it!\" she told herself with a grin, \"I actually performed good! I wonder what Mama would think if she saw me?\" As Jiminy watched coins being tossed onto the stage, he said to himself, \"Hmm! They like the kids! They're both a success. Gosh, maybe uI/u was wrong?\" Stromboli blew kisses to the audience as he patted Pinocchio's head and held Maria's hand as Jiminy began to leave the lamppost and said, \"Well, I guess they don't need me anymore. What does an actor or a singer want with a conscience, anyway?\" Author's Note: The song \"Animal Crackers in my Soup\" is from the movie Curly Top ((c) Fox)[Chapter 13] Thirteen - Trapped in a Caravan! Over at Gepetto's workshop, the old woodcarver had a meal set on the table, and was wondering where Pinocchio and Maria were. \"What could have happened to them?\" Gepetto asked with sadness and worry. Figaro sniffed his baked fish while Cleo sniffed her little cake as Gepetto continued lamenting, \"Where could they be at this hour?\" He then decided to put on his hat, scarf and coat as he said, \"I'd better go out again and look for them.\" As he took his lantern, he warned his pets, \"And remember – nobody eats a bite until I find them!\" Figaro and Cleo both shook their heads in agreement as their master opened the door to falling rain and went outside. When the door closed, Figaro was about to take a bite out of his fish when Cleo bubbled at him to wait until everyone was here before eating. The kitten looked sadly and hungrily at his fish before crossing his arms in frustration. Meanwhile, at a familiar gypsy caravan, Stromboli was inside a wagon with Maria and Pinocchio while singing his rendition of Pinocchio's song that ended with, \"I eat the fish and I drink the champagne! I've got no strings on me!\" As he counted money and ate his dinner, Stromboli laughed and said, \"Bravo, Pinocchio and Maria!\" \"They like us!\" Pinocchio said happily. \"They sure do!\" agreed Maria. \"Mmmm, two hundred!\" Stromboli said as he moved a stack of coins with his sword. He stuck the tip of the sword on an olive as he told the children, \"You are sensational!\" \"You mean we're good?\" asked Pinocchio. \"Ah, three hundred!\" Stromboli said as he counted some more coins, \"You are closer! \" At the last word, he chopped his sword onto his desk. \"Does that mean I'm an actor?\" Pinocchio asked the gypsy with enthusiasm. \"And that I'm a singer?\" added Maria. Stromboli took a bite out of an onion as he told them, \"Sure! I will push you both in the public's eye! Your faces – they will be on everybody's town!\" \"Will they?\" Pinocchio asked with tears of excitement. \"Yeah, uh-huh,\" said Stromboli, \"Watch this!\" He took a coin, bent it with his teeth, did a face palm, and shouted in Italian at the coin. But soon he calmed down and said, \"Oh, for you, my little Pinocchio and Maria!\" \"For us?\" asked Pinocchio. \"That's awfully nice of you,\" said Maria with a smile. \"Gee, thanks!\" the wooden boy said as he and Maria turned away to leave, \"I'll run right home and tell my father!\" At the puppet's last words, Stromboli was drinking wine; when he heard Pinocchio mention that he was going home to his father, the gypsy choked on the wine and spat it out. \"Home?!\" he cried in disbelief before laughing, \"Oh, sure! Going home to your father! Oh, that is very comica! \" \"You mean it's funny?\" Pinocchio asked as he turned around. Maria, on the other hand, felt that something wasn't right. \" Comica does mean it's funny, but something doesn't seem right to me,\" she whispered to Pinocchio. Stromboli continued laughing, \"Oh, sure! Yes!\" Pinocchio laughed a little as he tipped his hat and said, \"I'll be back in the morning!\" Stromboli picked up the little puppet in one hand as he repeated, \"Be back in the morning?\" He said something in Italian before laughing, \"Going home!\" \"What are you doing with Pinocchio?\" Maria asked with her hands on her hips. Stromboli and the wooden boy ignored her as they kept laughing. However, Stromboli's laughter turned to an angry expression as he shoved Pinocchio into a hanging birdcage and shut the door. As he locked it, he shouted, \"There! This will be your home – where I can find you always!\" \"No, signore!\" Maria cried out. \"No, no, no!\" Pinocchio cried out with fear. \"Yes, yes, yes!\" Stromboli shouted, \"To me – you are belonging!\" Maria glared at him as the gypsy told the puppet, \"We will tour the world! Paris, London, Monte Carlo, Constantinop-ali!\" \"No, we won't!\" Maria yelled with anger. \"No, no!\" cried Pinocchio. \" YES! \" roared Stromboli as he pounded his fist on his desk, \"We start tonight! \" He said something in Italian as he placed his coins into a bag before saying, \"You and your girlfriend will make lots of money… FOR ME! And when you are growing too old…\" He picked up a hatchet and licked its blade before finishing, \"You will make good… FIREWOOD! \" The gypsy laughed evilly as he threw the hatchet onto an old puppet. Maria couldn't take it anymore, so she charged at Stromboli and gave him a punch on the shoulder. \"You leave my little wooden brother alone!\" she yelled with anger, \"You can't keep us locked up in here like this!\" Stromboli hastily grabbed her wrist and yelled, \" BE SILENT, LITTLE GIRL! \" At his last words, he threw Maria into a corner of the wall, making her land on her side. As Maria got up, she turned around and gasped with fear as Stromboli found a chain attached right next to her on the wall. The gypsy took the girl's right wrist and cuffed it to the chain as he said, \"There! You will stay right here until you learn to behave like a proper young lady and accept your career as a singer in my caravan!\" He then did another evil laugh as Maria desperately tried to free her wrist from the chain. Meanwhile, Pinocchio shook the bars of his birdcage and shouted, \"Let me out of here! I gotta get out of here! You can't keep me…\" \" QUIET! \" Stromboli shouted as the wagon shook, \"SHUT UP! Before I knock you and the girl silly!\" He calmed down and said as he blew a kiss, \"Good night, my little wooden goldmine and my angel-voiced money-maker!\" The gypsy gave another evil laugh as he exited the wagon and shut the door. Everything went dark after Stromboli left, and poor Maria and Pinocchio were trapped like injured rats in the wagon. \"No! No, wait!\" Pinocchio cried as he climbed onto his cage bars and shook them, \"Let me out! I'll tell my father!\" Just then, Stromboli could be heard ordering his mules to pull the caravan; shortly after, the wagon began to move, making Pinocchio fall onto the bottom of his cage. Maria, on the other hand, jolted backward to the wall. She used her free hand to rub the back of her head, and then cried out, \"Please, Signore Stromboli, let us out!\" She then looked up at Pinocchio and called, \"We gotta call for Jiminy Cricket! Maybe he'll help!\" Pinocchio looked about and called out desperately, \"Jiminy! Oh, Jiminy!\" He whistled before crying out, \"Oh, Jiminy, where are you?\" Maria whistled and cried out, \"Mr. Cricket! Help us!\" Pinocchio whistled again and cried, \"JIMINY CRICKET!\" Some thunder roared from outside, frightening the little wooden boy, and making him sit down and cry. Maria calmed down and tried to comfort her wooden friend. \"It's okay, Pinocchio,\" she said with a lump in her throat, \"I'm sure things will be better.\" \"How can they be better if no one's around to help us?\" Pinocchio asked as a tear slid down his cheek. These words struck Maria like the lightning from outside. Soon she began to lose hope, too, and lamented, \"All I wanted to do was make my real family proud. I want my real papa to come and help me.\" A tear fell down her cheek as she looked up with sadness and sang: It's hard to remember Summer or winter When he hasn't been there for me A friend and companion I can always depend on My father, that's who I need. Raindrops fell outside like the tears from Maria's eyes as she thought about her father, Marco. I've taken for granted The seeds that he planted He's always behind everything A teacher, a seeker A both-arms outreacher My father, that's who I need. Meanwhile, Jiminy Cricket was watching the caravan leave from the top of a water pump. He held his umbrella over his head as he said, \"Well, there they go. Sitting in a life of luxury. The world at their feet. Oh well, I can always say I knew them well.\" He jumped off of the water pump and into the wet street as he said, \"I'll just go out of their lives quietly.\" Just then, he heard a familiar voice sing: Wish I could slow down the hands of time Keep things the way they are If he said so, I would give him the world If I could I would… Jiminy recognized that voice as Maria's, so he looked back at the travelling caravan before wondering, \"I would like to wish them luck, though.\" He thought of his last words and said, \"Sure! Why not?\" So he ran after the caravan as he heard Maria's voice sing: My love and my laughter From here ever after Is all that he said that he needs Friend and companion I can always depend on My father, that's who I need (2x) That's who I need. Jiminy Cricket leaped onto the steps of the wagon when he made it, and then crept under the door to find Maria and Pinocchio. \"Pinocchio? Maria?\" he softly called, \"It's me – your old friend, Jiminy, remember?\" Maria turned her head and saw the little cricket; her expression changed from sadness to happiness as she cried, \"Oh, Mr. Cricket! Thank goodness you're here!\" \"Jiminy!\" Pinocchio happily called from his birdcage, \"Gee, am I glad to see you!\" Jiminy immediately saw his friends in distress, and he cried out, \"Pinocchio! Maria! What's happened?\" He hopped up to Pinocchio's birdcage and asked, \"What did he do to you two?\" \"Oh, he was mad!\" Pinocchio answered, \"He said he was gonna push my face and Maria's face in everybody's eyes!\" \"Yeah,\" added Maria from down below. \"And just 'cause I'm a goldbrick,\" Pinocchio continued, \"He-he's gonna chop me into firewood!\" \"And he wants me to be a proper young lady and accept my new career!\" Maria added with disgust. \"Oh, is that so?\" Jiminy asked. Pinocchio nodded before the cricket assured, \"No don't you worry, son! I'll have you out in no time at all! Then we'll free the little lady!\" The cricket went over to the padlock that held the door to the birdcage shut. He went inside the lock as he said, \"Why, this is just as easy as rolling off…\" His sentence was cut off when he tumbled down a bit and met some clanks. Pinocchio leaned his head to hear what was going on, while Maria looked up with awe. Jiminy poked his head out to put his jacket and hat aside and remarked, \"Kinda rusty!\" He then went back inside, worked a few things, and then called out, \"Needs a little oil!\" His echo repeated that sentence, and then Jiminy looked around and said with confusion, \"That's what I said.\" He then tried using his umbrella to move some levers back to open the padlock, but he had no luck; he flew out of the lock with a spring attached to his pants and landed on one of the birdcage bars. \"You okay up there, Jiminy?\" Maria asked as she watched the cricket. \"Must be one of the old models,\" Jiminy said with a nervous chuckle. \"You mean you can't open it?\" Pinocchio asked with worry as he handed the cricket his hat and coat. \"Yeah,\" Jiminy said as he moved along the birdcage and put his hat and coat on, \"Looks pretty hopeless. It'll take a miracle to get us out of here.\" \"Gee,\" Pinocchio said sadly. Down below, Maria just heaved a heavy, sad sigh. Author's Note: The song \"My Mother\" is from the animated film The Chipmunk Adventure ((c) MGM?) ","Summary":" One - A Bittersweet Beginning Long ago, in a little Italian village, there lived a beautiful woman "},{"Movie":"A Monster in Paris Un monstre à Pa...","Title":"Ties That Bind","Author":"TFAArtFreak","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8966335","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The large singer looked around, he had never seen such a vessel. It was large and it rocked from side to side, like a baby's cradle. It creaked and groaned as it did so, making him wonder if they were alive. \"Francoeur.\" he heard Lucille call. \"Francoeur, the professors ship has already left, it's time to go.\" she said, smiling and holding her hand out to him. Francoeur made a happy chirping sound and held her hand as she led him away, but he looked back at the ship. And watched it for a moment as he walked away before being led back to the safety of the city streets. After a quick stop at the butchers Lucille lead him back to her apartment, after hanging up their coats she put the kettle on and went to wash up to make dinner. \"Francoeur? Can you set the table and bring in the barrel from the butcher please?\" she asked. He nodded and made a small chirp as he began to set the dishes on the table and then carried in the small barrel, it sloshed with its contents as he set it on the counter. Lucille came in after a minute with the kettle and filled their cups with the steamy liquid before putting sprinkling in the tea leaves. Francoeur watched in fascination before chirping and looking back at the barrel. Lucille noticed his chirp and smiled. \"will you put it in the pot please?\" she asked kindly. Francoeur nodded, pulling out a pot and set it on the stove. Then uncorking the barrel he tipped it over and let its cool rosy contents spill into the pot. When the pot was half full he re-corked the barrel and set it in the cooler. When he was putting the barrel in the cooler she lit the stove and began warming up his meal. She wrinkled her nose at the coppery scent wavering from the warming liquid. she continued stirring it and when it was nice and warm she pulled out a bowl and tipped the pot, spilling the liquid cleanly into the bowl and setting it on a pot holder before carrying the bowl to the table. By this time Francoeur had returned from his task and sat down at the table, chirping happily at the bowls contents. He purred at Lucille in thanks before picking up the bowl and sipping the liquid. Lucille sat down and sipped her tea and smiled as he ate. Though his diet was not pleasing his joy when he was fed made her smile and she finished her tea shortly after he finished his gruesome meal. Francoeur made a happy chirp once he was done and he smiled at her as he stood and got more, emptying the pot and then putting the pot in the wash tub. He then sat and continued eating joyfully at being filled, then he put his emptied bowl in the tub, washed the dishes, dried them then put them away before sitting back down with Lucille.. \"Now Francoeur,\" Lucille said, smiling at him,\"that barrel is to last you the week, with a the lack of income L'oiseau Rare has been having we have to save as much as we can until we can come up with a new act.\" she said, a hint of seriousness in her tone. Francoeur nodded in understanding then made a curious chirp. \"I'm not sure how long, but we need to try and spend as little as we can until then, alright?\" she said. Francoeur nodded and gave an understanding chirp. Lucille smiled, \"Good, now get your night garments on, its almost time for lights out.\" she said, getting up and taking her cup to the tub. Francoeur made a happy chirp and went to get dressed, his garments were teal and white pinstriped and he loved them, after he finished with the last buttons he hung up his suit and went to the bed, where Lucille was getting the bed ready. She motioned for him to hop in and then she went to put on her own night gown. Francoeur lay down and curled up, purring at the warmth of the sheet and he soon fell asleep, not even noticing when Lucille lay on her side of the bed and went to sleep. That night Francoeur dreamed of sails and ships, meeting new people, and one day visiting other worlds. For the next few days Francoeur and Lucille sang at L'oiseau Rare and had fun with Lucille's betrothed Raoul and the newly engaged Maude and Emile. They went to films and ate out, talking about past and current events. Raoul often spoke about his inventions while Maude and Emile spoke about their wedding plans with Lucille. Francoeur, not able to put a word in other then in agreement or disagreement, just listened patiently to the converses. He often let his mind wander on the ships he had seen at the harbors and he wondered what it would be like to be on one of them, though he had a fear of water the thoughts of being on those ships brought thoughts of adventure to his mind. \"Francoeur? Francoeur are you listening?\" Lucille asked, gently tapping his shoulder to gain his attention and startling him. He blinked and looked at her before chirping questionably. Lucille smiled, \"We were just talking about how Raoul managed to create a device that could shower Maude and Emile in glitter as the procession is made.\" Francoeur chirped in curiosity and looked at Raoul, his mind out of ships for the moment. Raoul gulped down his tea and grinned with a silly sense of coyness. \"Ah! Yes!\" he said with his usual luster, \"You see my dear Frank, the device is an intricate setting of cables and motors that when activated by a specially made device of my, like that of my lovely- erm, ONCE lovely,\" he gulped, wiping small tear from his eye at the loss of his beloved truck, \" c-Catherine, it will sprinkle precisely measured amounts of glitter onto the bride and groom, giving a magnificent sense of beauty to them as they vow to love one another forever!\" he said, giving great dramatic gestures as he described his contraption, ending with him standing in a dramatic pose. Francoeur made an excited chirp and a polite clap as he cheered Raoul, for his creation or his gestures, no one knew. Francoeur lay on the bed, he chirped lightly in his sleep as he dreamed of sailing over the waters, seeing magnificent creatures and meeting strange and colorful people. He felt the air whirl around him as he hopped from mast to mast, peering over the endless waters and land masses that passed by. He felt he was the king of the world, the sun was shining and people commended him for being the first flea to see the world! \"Francoeur?\" an elegant voice whispered upon the winds. \"Francoeur?\" the voice said again, stronger this time \"Francoeur, it is time to wake.\" Francoeur blinked and yawned as a gentle patting woke him from his slumber. He purred and made a small chirp in acknowledgment to Lucille, who then smiled and turned away to finish her chores. Francoeur lay in his bed for a moment more, thinking about the details of his dream and purring at the joyful moments in the breeze. Finally he slipped out of bed and changed his night wear into his casual clothing and left the room, purring as he smelled breakfast being made in the kitchen. He gave a chirp of excitement as Lucille exited the kitchen with a bowl of his usual crimson meal. Lucille smiled as he sipped the contents of the bowl and went to get her own meal. The day passed as usual, Francoeur and Lucille performed at L'oiseau Rare as usual, ignoring the fact that there were so few in the crowd. Francoeur sang his songs as he played his guitar along with Lucille. At their breaks, Francoeur hummed and twiddled his thumbs to melodies that reminded him of the sea. Lucille just smiled and believed him to be dreaming about new songs as she went about her preparations. And thus another night of performance ended, their earnings slightly smaller than the last. Lucille sighed as she counted the earnings, if L'oiseau Rare continued as it did they would be unable to keep up on payments. Her only hope was for the tourist season, if they were to gain enough earnings then, it might be enough to support L'oiseau Rare for another few months. Until then they were to save on their earnings, and, to Lucille's dismay, allow her friends to pay for their outings instead of she and Francoeur. Lucille made another sigh as she leaned back in her chair, she hated allowing her friends to pay for their bills, but not being with them would only make things worse. She knew most of her inspiration happened when she was around friends, as with Francoeur, she only wished for a miracle. Francoeur stared at the wall as he lay in the bed, he knew that L'oiseau Rare was having difficulties. Slowly he turned to look at Lucille on her side of the bed. Francoeur almost did not hold back his chirp at seeing her lie so peacefully. He noticed how stressed Lucille had been lately, and he wished there was something he could do. Rolling back to his original position he stared at the wall again. Maybe what Lucille had told him was correct, perhaps this situation was only temporary. Perhaps when the tourist season began L'oiseau Rare would once again be at the top of its game. Maybe then he would find something to sing, until then, he slowly drifted to sleep.[Chapter 2] As the weeks passed Francoeur and Lucille failed to come up with another song. Raoul, Maud, and Emile attempted to help but the idea had taken water before it could even float. Several times the group came together in an attempt to find some way out of the ditch Lucille and Francoeur had fallen into. Lucille groaned into her palms, it seemed that every bill was becoming harder and harder to pay. Taking a breathe she leaned back and tried to calm her unsettled thoughts. They had time, it would not be long till the tourist season started, and if she and Francoeur were able to come up with a song or two before then... Lucille's thought's wandered at the thought of Francoeur. Poor Francoeur, he probably did not understand what was going on, and for that Lucille envied him. Unbeknownst to Lucille Francoeur sat in the room, already dressed for bed and waiting for Lucille. He had been waiting for quite some time and his patience was slowly waning away. He kept himself occupied by looking around and twiddling his four hands. He understood Lucille's concerns quite well, though he did not show it he knew about how difficult things were getting at L'oiseau Rare. He knew how the income had been waning, how Lucille stressed over creating new songs and how she was trying to find a way to survive until tourist season. Sighing he looked to the ceiling, he wished he knew how to write, perhaps then it would be easier to write his words down. Words were the easy part, but creating a tune from his soul took a lot out of him. He had to be in the right moment, in the right time, at the right place. Ever so slowly a smile grew. Lucille had her head in her hands again, how could they make it to tourist season? With how difficult things were being they were lucky they haven't been cited for late payments yet. Slowly Lucille lay her head into her arms. Maybe once she slept- \"Ooohhhh\" a voice whispered melodically. Lucille slowly raised her head at the sound of Francoeur singing, \"Ohhhh my dear, do not cry I assure you, this will pass by we are just in a moment in time we just need the right place we just need the right time when the moment comes we will end up fine, it will all be fine the bills need to be payed, my education is sore please do not fray, I promise there will be more just wait my dear, work with me all this will pass, and you will see we just need the right place we just need the right time when the moment comes we will end up fine, it will all be fine stay with me, let us find our way I promise you, if you stay we will be good we will be proud and we will sing, and sing it loud we just needed the right place we just needed the right time the moment has come we will end up fine, it will all be fine.\" he soothed, his tone soft and sweet, making Lucille feel light and complacent. Standing, Lucille went to the room and smiled at Francoeur, his large reddish eyes twinkled as he purred, clearly pleased that his song had soothed her. Lucille smiled and lay in bed next to Francoeur and hugged his arm, signaling her gratitude as she fell to sleep. Francoeur continued to purr as both of them fell to sleep. At the L'oiseau Rare, Francoeur twiddled his thumbs nervously, he had been waiting patiently for Lucille to change out of her performance clothes. He wanted to ask her a question, but he was not sure how to ask her, thus the fear. Francoeur snapped out his thoughts as he heard the door open, immediately his eyes swiveled to it and he watched as Lucille stepped out then smile at hm. \"Hello, Francoeur, have you been waiting for me?\" she asked, her warm smile washing away his fear. Francoeur took a breath before making signals with his hands, attempting to explain he wanted to write. Lucille looked down and looked confused for a moment. \"Do you...want me to write something for you?\" she asked, confused by his gestures. Francoeur shook his head and chirped, holding out his palm and imitated writing for a moment before pointing at her then at himself, hoping she got his message. Lucille watched in a mixture of confusion and curiosity for a moment before taking another guess. \"Do you...want me to write for you?\" Francoeur shook his head sadly before repeating his gestures. Lucille watched then smiled, finally understanding. \"You want me to teach you how to write, do you not?\" Francoeur nodded his head excitedly, chirping in joy at being understood. Lucille made a happy laugh and smiled at him. \"Alright, Francoeur, I will teach you how to write.\" Francoeur hopped in excitement, only to hit the ceiling and bounce back down, rubbing his head. Lucille laughed and helped him stand before brushing off any debree. \"Alright, to start I need to first make a space to teach..\" she said, signaling the living room. \"I will ask Raoul if I can borrow one of his chalkboard's. Then I will make a schedule on when we will work, agreed?\" she finished, looking at Francoeur. Francoeur nodded excitedly. Lucille smiled. \"This will be a fun project.\" she said smiling at him. Francoeur purred in agreement. \"Alright, Francoeur, you try.\" she said, handing him the chalk. Francoeur concentrated on the board as he took the chalk. Slowly he wrote the alphabet below Lucille's own writing and hummed the alphabet song as he wrote. He concentrated as he shaped the letters, making them barely legible. Lucille smiled when he was done. \"Good job Francoeur, now, I want you to do it again, ad this time, try to make your letters a little more smooth, alright?\" Francoeur chirped and nodded his head and started again, his handwriting somewhat better than the last. Lucille smiled. \"You're doing great, now I want you to practice and fill out this whole board, then when its completely filled, erase what you have written and start again. I will go and make dinner.\" she said, smiling at him. Francoeur nodded and set to work immediately. Lucille went to the kitchen and pulled out a barrel and a pot and set to making Francoeur's meal. Once it was on the stove she set to making her own meal then set everything up for the table. Once that was done she filled Francoeur's bowl and went into the living room. \"Francoeur, dinner is ready.\" Francoeur chirped and set down the chalkboard and went to eat. Lucille glanced at the chalkboard and smiled, noticing the little improvement in the handwriting. Several weeks went by, Francoeur learned how to write incredibly fast with Lucille's guidance and support. As he learned to write Lucille recorded several songs with him and wrote them down for him, using them to show how words were formed and their meanings. After a few more weeks Francoeur was introduced to reading, and he excelled at that, much to the jot of Lucille. Pretty soon L'oiseau Rare was at the top of its game, thanks to the talents of its two star performers. Soon Francoeur could read and write fluently, and he carried a small board and chalk with him whenever he went anywhere public with Lucille. Everything was going brightly for the pair, and things soon became better when the professor and Charles returned. Francoeur bounced with excitement as the ship stopped in the harbor, he could not wait to hear the stories that the professor had to tell. He watched as the passengers began to file off the ship and stood as high as his suit would allow to gain a better view of the exiting passengers. He watched and watched until he chirped in excitement at seeing the familiar Mandarin monkey carrying baggage full of equipment off of the ship. Francoeur quickly moved forwards and offered help with a chirp, which was gladly accepted by the hooting monkey. As Francoeur helped Charles he looked up and chirped in welcome as the professor stepped off of the ship, carrying the last of his luggage. \"Why hello Francoeur.\" the professor said politely,\"I see you are faring well.\" Francoeur chirped in reply and purred happily, offering to carry more of the professor's luggage. The professor nodded and smiled, handing over one of his luggage bags. \"Splendid, oh, I see you are carrying a board, have you learned to write?\" he asked, walking with Francoeur back to Lucille. Francoeur chirped excitedly and nodded towards Lucille as they approached her. The professor then turned his attention to Lucille and shook her hand. \"Hello miss Lucille, how is your day?\" he asked. \"Fine, thank you, how was your trip?\" she asked. \"It was wonderful, in fact I will discuss it with you during dinner tonight, if you will come?\" he asked. Lucille nodded. \"Francoeur and I will be delighted to attend dinner with you.\" she said, smiling. \"And your friends as well?\" he asked, \"I'm sure they would love to hear what I have to say.\" the professor turned his head as a carriage pulled up beside them. \"I do hope they attend, we must be off now, we will see you tonight.\" he said, climbing into the carriage with Charles as Francoeur put their baggage in the top. \"Have a good day, madame.\" he said, waving as the carriage took off. Lucille and Francoeur waved then headed home. That night Francoeur and his friends arrived at the professor's he looked about the greenhouse in awe, remembering his first experience here. He chirped as he remembered his fear and confusion and looked at Lucille with excitement, earning a comforting pat on his arm. \"Welcome my friends!\" the professor said, a smile on his face. \"Please, sit.\" he said, gesturing to a table set to accommodate everybody. After everybody had sit he gestured to the enclosed dishes and everybody made sounds of pleasure at the wonderful dishes before them. After the professor gestured to dig in everybody filled their plates bt Francoeur, who's only dish was a pot full of his crimson meal. Once everybody had their fill the professor began to tell his story. He told about the lands he had visited, including America, Brazil, Turkey, and other strange sounding lands. He told about his experience with the natives of these lands and the knowledge he gained from them, including a possible way to give Francoeur the ability of speech and a more human diet. Francoeur listened in excitement, especially at the description of America. A place where people were as varied as the sounds? He shivered in joy at the possibility of being able to speak and not have to use gestures or the time consuming written word. He also thought about the possibility of people that could accept him for what he is and praise him for it. He was so caught up in his thoughts he did not notice until Lucille tapped his hand that he had wandered off. \"Francoeur, the professor is speaking to you.\" she said, joy written all over her face. Francoeur looked to the professor, a ticklish feeling filled him as he gazed upon the excited looks from his friends. \"Francoeur,\" the professor started,\"how would you like to visit the America's with me?\" Francoeur nearly leaped through the roof with joy, quickly he glanced at Lucille. She nodded in blessing and Francoeur nodded excitedly in response. The professor grinned and took a sip of his wine before setting it down. \"Good, we will leave in two days,\"the professor said, a grin on his face,\"I am sure you will enjoy our ship, the RMS Titanic.\" I hope you enjoyed this one, please review, i will post the next one soon ^^ -TFAArftFreak[Chapter 3] Francoeur chirped in excitement as he, the Professor, and Charles rode in a carriage to Southampton. First they had to travel north and then cross the English channel, then they drove by carriage to the Southampton docks. Francoeur trilled in excitement as he saw the large ocean liner, he leaned out of the carriage window, looking at it in awe, his red scarf flapping behind him in the wind. \"Cherbourg, she is indeed a beautiful sight.\" the Professor said proudly before turning to Francoeur,\"Remember, you have a performance every evening, so you must keep vigilant.\" he said. Francoeur nodded and readjusted his gloves and hat. He wore his old dark jacket and red scarf, but with added accessories, including black gloves and a pair of trousers to hide his legs, shoes to hide his feet, and thanks to a minor adjustment, his spines did not poke out from his coat like they did before. Readjusting his scarf he looked back out the window, quivering in excitement at being on a boat. Once the carriage had stopped they unloaded their belongings and headed towards the boarding ramps. Francoeur looked about and pulled his scarf a little higher on his face and carried the Professors luggage on board. The Professor handed over his tickets and climbed on board the ship, smiling proudly at being among those to ride aboard the RMS Titanic on its maiden voyage. \"do you smell that, Francoeur? It is the smell of adventure!\" he said, smiling. Francoeur chirped and looked about, there were people everywhere, so many that it was hard to squeeze between people just to stay behind the Professor. Once the Professor had located a bellhop he followed him to their room. Once there the bellhop nodded kindly before turning and leaving. Francoeur looked about, excited at the furnishings of the room. It had three beds, and each bed had its own separator for privacy and that excited Francoeur to a point of fast twitters. The Professor chuckled and put his suitcase next to his own bed. \"It is best to unpack, Francoeur, you have a show every night until we reach New York. You will have many chances to explore, but you have a show once Cherbourg takes to sea.\" he said, reminding Francoeur. Francoeur nodded, understanding completely. That night Francoeur stood in front of the crowd, his face hidden by the shade of his chapeau as he sang. His voice washed over his audience, sending ripples throughout the current, earning many murmurs of approval by his new found fans. Later, after he had finished he quickly went to his room, changing into his less conspicuous clothing so that he could wander about the ship. He visited the kitchens first, since they were the closest, then he wandered about the halls, looking in the bathrooms and steam rooms before wandering the deck, since it was dark by this time and nobody would notice him. Once he had his fill he returned to his room and dressed in his pajamas, eating his crimson meal, then going to sleep. His heart light, and he slept comfortably as the ship rocked ever so lightly from side to side. Francoeur passed his days doing the same thing everyday, he would explore during the day, perform at night, eat then go to bed. He enjoyed each day as they passed, soon he came to love the sea, he sang to it and listened, he loved the sounds and the beautiful things he saw. Once he saw a whale and watched in fascination as it broke the water, spouting mists in the air as it rose then rolled back beneath the water. Francoeur purred in content as he watched the waves. On his fourth day he returned to his shared room late, the Professor and Charles already asleep as he sneaked in. He quickly dressed into his pajamas and went to bed, snuggling up to the warm covers before yawning and falling asleep. A jolt woke Francoeur from his sleep, knocking him out of his bed. He blinked drowsily before standing and looking about, wondering what had happened. He heard cries in the hallways as people left there rooms in confusion. Francoeur quickly went to the Professor as he sat up, rubbing his eyes as he looked about in confusion. \"Francoeur, what has happened?\" he asked, still drowsy from waking. Charles yawned and sat up, awoken by the Professor and he hooted in confusion. Francoeur shrugged his shoulders and shook his head to signify he did not know, then he pointed to the door and chirped. The Professor nodded, understanding. \"Alright, Francoeur, Charles, come with me, we must find out what has happened. Francoeur nodded, quickly putting on his coat and gloves, then he grabbed his chapeau and scarf and followed the Professor out into the hall, donning his hat then wrapping his scarf around his neck as they walked past the hundreds of people wandering the halls. The Professor quickly passed through the crowd as he headed towards the stern, and bursting into the crowded deck. \"Excuse me, excuse me, what has happened?\" the Professor asked, but nobody answered. Frowning the Professor held Charles on his shoulder and hurried to where people were crowding the sides of the ships. The Professor went to the side of the boat and peered over, attempting to gain any information he could. \"Francoeur, I need you to stay by the boats with Charles, if it is an emergency then they might require your help.\" he said, motioning to the raft hanging off of the side Francoeur nodded and stood with Charles, looking about curiously as people wandered about, afraid and curious. He tipped his head to the side, slightly, trying to pickup any information he could. After a moment of concentration he frowned, their languages were just to confusing and he could not understand anything past the odd word. Charles hooted beside him before climbing onto his shoulder and wrapping his arms around himself, clearly cold. Francoeur chirped and opened his jacket, offering Charles the warmth inside. Charles hooted again and climbed down. Francoeur then picked him up, covering him with his jacket in an attempt to help. Charles held up a card signifying his thanks before snuggling against him. Francoeur stood by the raft, looking about for any sign of the Professor returning, and searching for any thing that could help him understand what was happening. After a few moments of waiting Francoeur spotted some of the sailors rushing over, clearly attempting to keep themselves contained. Francoeur chirped in confusion as the men attempted to speak to him, pushing him aside as they set up the raft. He watched as they readied the raft and began to call, gesturing for people to move onto the raft. He blinked and moved forwards, attempting to understand what was happening. One of the sailors held him back and attempted to speak to him, but Francoeur could not understand him. Francoeur chirped, reluctantly he set down Charles and attempted to gesture he could not understand. The sailor looked at him then pointed towards the people then the boat, which was being filled with women and children. Francoeur looked and realized women and children were filing into the boat, and all of the men stood back, allowing them to go first. He nodded towards the sailor and chirped a thank you. The sailor nodded then continued to help the women and children aboard the boat. Francoeur watched as thee woman and children climbed into the boat, some having difficulty due to how low the boat was, causing many to stumble. Francoeur noticed the constant tripping and tapped the sailor's shoulder, pointing at the boat and attempting to explain about the tripping. The sailor shook his head and said something to Francoeur, which he could barely understand. All he knew was the sailor could not understand him. For a few more moments he watched then he heard a familiar voice. Turning around he looked and saw as the Professor moved towards him, passing through the crowds to stand on the side of the ship. \"Francoeur, we are sinking.\" he said, clearly out of breath. Francoeur chirped, nodding in acknowledgment, having already known that by how the people were getting into raft's. He then pointed at the boat and chirped, motioning as the latest woman to get aboard tripped and fell into the boat. The Professor frowned for a moment, attempting to understand before nodding. \"They need help, I will speak to the sailors.\", he said, moving towards them and speaking to them. Though Francoeur could not understand what he was saying he understood the meaning as the professor gestured towards Francoeur then towards the boat as more women fell in. After a moment the sailor nodded then gestured to Francoeur and then the boat. Francoeur then watched as the Professor approached him and pointed towards the boat. \"He wishes for us to stand in the boat as they load the women and children, they would like our help.\" he said. Francoeur nodded, understanding him and chirping as he accepted the offer. Francoeur followed the Professor as they approached the raft and stepped in, both with only one foot in. They then began to help women step in, making sure to catch them if they stumbled, then lifting the children in, making sure they were steady before turning to help another. After a little while the boat was beginning to become full. The sailor said something but Francoeur could not understand him and he continued to help people into the boat. A sudden crackling sound made him stop, he looked about, wondering that the sound was. He heard a cry and then he found the boat was gone, along with his balance. He made twittering sound as a splashing sound was made behind him and he fell back, right into the fallen boat. He blinked looking about, realizing he had fallen into the boat. Spotting the Professor hanging off of the side he chirped and pulled him in, checking him over and seeing he was not hurt. The Professor coughed, holding his side before sitting up and looking about, clearly confused. A loud cry made them look up as Charles looked down at them, running along the side rails of the ship as he attempted to keep up with the quickly parting raft. \"Charles!\" the Professor called in shock. Francoeur made a loud chirp and watched as Charles reached the end of the boat, then he jumped, landing in the water a few yards from them. \"Charles!\" the Professor called again, leaning over the raft in an attempt to see reach for the monkey. Charles flailed in the water in, attempting to swim but failing to do so. Francoeur looked about desperately as he attempted to look for a way to help. Spotting the rope from the broken support beams he quickly grabbed it and chucked one end out towards Charles, chirping and twittering in an attempt to gain his attention as the rope landed beside him. Charles gripped the rope and held on as Francoeur pulled it in. Once the monkey was close enough he pulled him aboard. Noticing how cold the monkey was he pulled off his coat and covered the monkey, rubbing his sides in an attempt to warm him. After a moment the Professor took Charles and held him on his lap, hugging him to keep him warm. Francoeur then turned towards the Titanic, watching as several other lifeboats were deployed and moved away from the ship. He heard crying beside him and looked at the tearful faces of the women and children beside him. Sympathizing with them he began to sing, hoping to cheer them up as he sang. As the tide rises and the tide falls as the wind blows and the curlew calls our hearts full and our knees weak we shall strive despite how meek the wind may blow the storm may cry but all storms will end as we pass by let us stand tall, let us soar as move on towards the shore despite the cold and the storm we will go home where it is warm the wind may blow the storm may cry but all storms will end as we pass by after a storm the sea is smooth as a mirrors and the path will be revealed my dears keep your hearts strong, your minds clear as we move on despite our fear the wind may blow the storm may cry but all storms will end as we pass by we shall move to the shore and through that storm never more shall we pass its cold winds as we learn to live again the wind may blow the storm may cry but all storms will end as we pass by He smiled once he finished his song, knowing though none of them had understood his words they understood the meaning enough. He watched as one child leaned against his leg and held on, hoping for the nightmare to end. Francoeur chirped and piked up the child, holding her close to his chest as she lay against him. He turned his head towards the ship and watched as it slowly began to rise, its bow rising into the air as its lights went out. Unable to bear the sight he turned away, small tears leaking from his eyes at the devastation. He held onto the child, shielding her ears from the screams that echoed throughout the night. Francoeur did not know how long he had slept, but he felt stiff from sitting in one position for too long, he was cold and he felt like his rear was frozen to his seat. Shifting a bit he attempted to get more comfortable without waking the little girl in his arms. Luckily his pajamas covered enough of him to hide his flea appendages. He was thankful for wearing his socks and his gloves that not only hid his feet and hands but helped keep him warm as well. He was grateful to have grabbed his chapeau and scarf to hide his face as the morning light came. Blinking he looked about, seeing hat the Professor and Charles were sleeping, as were most of the passengers, other than a select few. He looked about past the passengers and towards the sea, searching for any other boats. He spotted the life rafts in the distance, not too far away, all of them seemed to be waving. He looked again, trying to see what they saw but saw nothing. On a hunch he turned completely around and gasped as a ship loomed over them, closing in so close he was afraid it might hit them. Quickly he took a paddle and began to steer the boat out of the larger ship's path. The ship passed by their boat, the word Carpathia on its side as the waves it made caused their boat to rock violently. Francoeur chirped in surprise, falling back to the side of the boat as they rocked fro side to side, waking everybody with its hard jerks. As the boat continued to rock Francoeur began to feel woozy for a moment as a sense of seasickness overwhelmed him. The women cried out in fear with the children, afraid of what was happening and of falling offboard. Francoeur watched as the ship came to a stop beside them, he watched as a rope ladder was lowered and as some sailors on board hollered down to them. He blinked in confusion, not understanding what they were saying until he spotted some women beginning to climb the ladder. Scooting towards the boat he held the child, now awake, as he waited for the other passengers to board the ship. Once all the women and children had boarded he waited for the professor and Charles to board, then he climbed up, holding the girl in one pair of arms and climbed up with the other. Once on board he walked about, holding the girl and pulling his scarf higher over his face, ensuring his flea pincers were not seen. He quickly moved to where the professor was standing and looked about. He felt as the ship began to move again. Looking out at sea he noticed they were now moving towards the other boats, who were waving and calling out in joy as the ship moved towards them. He watched as the boat slowed to a stop beside the other boats, lowering ladders to allow the other lifeboats to board. He watched as shaken women and children boarded the Carpathia, many crying or red eyed from crying. He watched as a few men boarded as well, all looking stiff and frozen in fear and confusion. After all the boats and their passengers were loaded the Carpathia steamed away, many supplies were brought out to help the passengers including blankets, food, and other items. One person offered him a blanket but Francoeur only used it to cover up the child in his arms. As the boat moved on he wandered about the ship, looking around at the passengers as he moved. \"Mama!\" the girl in his arms suddenly cried. He looked as a woman approached him, her eyes red from tears but were now alight with joy at seeing her child. She took the child as he held her out to her, watching as the woman made sounds of joy before looking at him and said something over and over to him. Though he did not understand her exact words he knew she was thanking him so he tipped his had and nodded, signifying his reply. He then turned and went to find the Professor, easily spotting his white head among the crowd and he stood by his side. Many people were beside him, but by the glares they were giving him and the man beside him, something was wrong. Francoeur listened, hoping for a chance to understand the glares and curses that were being sent his way. The Professor turned his back on the people, clearly frazzled by all of the negativity he was getting. Grabbing Francoeur's hand he led them away from the crowd, followed by Charles. \"Such savage people, they worry of petty things instead of the serious.\" he grumbled, taking them to the other side of the ship, away from the negative curses of the other people. after a while Francoeur was confused when he spotted a figure out on the water. He rubbed his eyes as they came closer to the figure before he realized it was a statue of a lady. He chirped and pointed at it, gaining the Professors attention as Charles leaned on the side of the railing, attempting to get a better view. The Professor approached the side and looked, squinting then grinning at what he was seeing. \"We are here, welcome, Francoeur, to America, or to be more precise, New York.\", he said, breathing a sigh of relief at seeing the statue. Francoeur watched as they passed the statue, blinking then tipping his hat towards the giant lady and then looked towards the land they were approaching. He watched as the Carpathia docked and as people began to file off of the ship. Following the Professor he filed off of the ship, watching as several people from the shore threw jeers and curses at the Professor and himself. Wondering why the people were being so mean he looked about and realized every man that had survived the sinking was getting the same treatment. He continued to look about, looking around for more signs of maltreatment. He heard a person hurl an insult towards him and say something else he could not understand. He was surprised as a hand tugged away his scarf, knocking off his chapeau and revealing his large red eyes. He heard screaming as people saw him, he did not understand most of the strange words they called other than one he was well know one. \"Monster!\" Francoeur chirped in fear, trying to stay beside Charles and the Professor, to scared to do anything. He watched as the Professor attempted to calm the frightened people but he was pushed aside as several policemen pushed past him. Scared, Francoeur made a cry of fear as a loud bang shot through the air. He felt a pain in his shoulder and his flight instincts took effect. He jumped as high and as far away as he could, ripping his pants in process as he stretched his legs, then landed on a nearby building. He turned and looked, his eyes wide in fear as people cried out, he watched as several scattered while other ran in his direction. He spotted the Professor in the crowd, he was crying out and fighting as a policeman held him in place along with Charles. Francoeur wanted to help but a wave from the Professor told him to run, and he did. He jumped again, then landed, he jumped again, and landed. He continued to jump about as the day grew brighter, then as noon came he felt he could jump no more. Landing roughly on a low roof he panted and looked about, seeing if anybody could see him, then he jumped off of the side and into an alley, hiding beside a rubbish bin. Trembling in fear and exhaustion, holding his wound, he looked about, afraid and concerned for the Professor and Charles. Shakily he lay on the ground, exhausted and in need of sleep he passed out. Francoeur has come across the tragedy of the RMS Titanic, I read a lot about it and used a lot of references just to understand this, i hope you can forgive how hurriedly it was put together and as for Fancoeur's song, it was inspired by the poem 'The Tide Rises, the Tide Falls' by Henry W. Longfellow, one of my favorite Fireside poets ^^ Cherbourg is actually what some french called the Titanic, so i decided to incorporate it into he story ^^ and as you have noticed I made it to where Francoeur cannot understand English, so i hope you can forgive me for that. As for the attack at the end I know a lot of the surviving men gained a lot of negativity later on but not as soon as Francoeur experienced, as for what the person who tore off his hat and scarf (for those who wonder) he was shouting 'show your face coward!' i hope you enjoy this, and please review ^^ that would be so nice. as for Francoeur being shot, in the movie i noticed he WAS shot, but it seemed to just ricochet off of him, but when the double decker nearly crashed into him he seemed hurt by that (of coarse the growing potion was wearing off, so he might have just been weak) so i made it to where he DOES get hurt by the bullet, hes not bleeding, but just bruised, so i hope you can forgive the violence ^^ thank you and keep watching[Chapter 4] Francoeur woke to the sound of garbage rustling, instinctively he attempted to jump but his legs gave out beneath him. Fearfully he crawled back to his corner and attempted to hide his face with his scarf. Glancing he spotted a figure, he could tell it was a she and that she was gong through the garbage. He watched as she came closer, rifling through the rubbish bins and pulling out odd looking items and putting them in an old looking satchel on her side. She continued on, her clothing looked old and ragged, she wore a vest that looked to be made from an old coat, as were the fingerless gloves she wore. She wore broken knee high boots with the heels broken off and her blouse looked to be hand stitched from an old sheet. Her pants looked to have once belonged to a child and had patches all over them. Her hair was in a long braid and her face strong and worn, though clearly young. She pulled what looked like an old can from the garbage and sniffed it before putting it into her satchel and moving to the garbage next to him. Francoeur was frozen with fear, afraid she would scream once she saw him but she paid him no heed. Once she finished rifling through the bin she turned in his direction and made a small tug on his clothing. He made a weak squeak and pressed harder against the wall, earning a yelp from her in return as she stumbled back. After a moment she took a deep breathe and sighed, regaining her composure as she relaxed, seeing this homeless person was only frightened, not hostile. \"Sorry there, I did not see you.\", she sighed. The figure made a whimpering sound, the shadows blocking any attempt she made at seeing the figure's face. She frowned, confused at why why the figure was so scared, but she shrugged it off, he probably thought she was trying to rob him. \"Don't worry, mister, I'm not gonna hurt you, but could you let me look in that bag your sittin on?\", she asked. He did not reply, he only curled up farther and covered his face up more with his scarf before rubbing his shoulder. She watched him for a moment before feeling concerned at how he was rubbing his shoulder. \"You alright mister? You're not hurt are you?\", she asked, concern in her voice. The figure only made a weak chirping sound. She scowled and put her bag down, then she held her hand forwards and moved slowly towards him. \"I'm not gonna hurt ya, but it looks like yer hurtin, so let me see.\" she whispered, crouching beside him and motioning towards his wound. He made crackling purring sound, clearly expressing some sort of pain. She gazed a little closer and noticed his clothes were in tatters. \"You sound hurt, did you get roughed up?\", she asked, gently pulling his shirt way from his wound. She tried looking closer but she could barely see because it was so dark. She frowned and tried to feel the wound with her hand, only to brush against something not soft like skin but hard and smooth to the touch. For a moment she believed he was wearing some sort of under clothing that was hard, that was until she felt over his shoulder and felt his spines. She froze as she felt over the area, it was definitely not normal hair and she slowly pulled her shaky hand away. \"Uh m-mister, it s-seems you h-have v-very strange skin.\", she whispered, looking him directly in the face. She almost cried out in horror as the scarf slid down, revealing large glowing red eyes. She stumbled back and collapsed against the wall opposite of him. She lay there, frozen in fear as she hyperventilated, staring at the figure before her. Trembling they stared at each other for several moments, he did not move and she could not breathe. After her fear began to wane she forced herself to breathe again and she sat up, watching him closely for any signs of aggression. As she stood she slowly reached for her bag, getting ready to run as she stood. Once she grabbed her bag she heard him make a quiet chirping sound. She blinked and frowned at him, not understanding his meaning as she slowly lifted her bag. Francoeur chirped towards her again, he wished he could tell her he needed help, but he could not understand her and vice verse. But she did show she was willing to help him by how she had approached him before, he just did not know how to tell her. After a moment she shook her head and said something, he guessed she was telling him she could not understand and he was beginning to feel hopeless, then an idea hit him. She watched as the thing began to lean forwards, letting the light from the streets hit it and she nearly fell again from fright as his face was lit up. She shook as she saw what looked like mandibles on his, no not HE an IT, on ITS face. She continued to shake as it reached out a hand and touched the ground. She waited as it moved further forwards, all she could think about was her bag, she thought about swinging it at it and bolting, but it had to be close enough to be effective. She gulped as it drew nearer and crouched in front of her, she trembled, her hand gripping her satchel tighter as she readied to escape. It chirped at he again and began to poke at the ground. She watched for a moment, it was still too far out of her range for her to make an effective hit, she was about to force a step forward to swing when she noticed the figures on the ground. Immediately her satchel dropped to the ground as she recognized the shapes on the ground. FRANCOEUR she blinked and blinked again, then she rubbed her eyes and blinked some more. \"D-Did you...just...write?\" she gaped, staring at the word in front of her. She watched as it chirped and pointed at itself, then at the word, then back at itself. She watched it continue through the motions for a moment before taking a deep breathe and looking at i. \"F-Fran-Franker?\", she asked, frowning as she tried to pronounce its name, no not IT, HE. Francoeur chirped and nodded as she tried pronouncing the name, but shook his head when she finished. She frowned again before a moment of realization hit her. \"I-...I'm talking to a bug...a GIANT...bug...that can write...\", she blinked for a moment before reaching up and rubbing her head. \"A bug...but what kind of bug? Wait, a bug that can write...oh wow...\", she murmured, sliding back down the wall and rubbing her head as she absorbed this knowledge. Francoeur chirped in her direction before pointing at his name again. She scowled before sighing and reaching down at his name and erasing part of it. \"Since I cannot pronounce your name properly I'm just going to call you Frank, understood?\", she asked, pointing at the modified name and back at him. He watched her before nodding and chirping, eh then tried to stand but his legs gave out beneath him and he fell back to the ground. Making a pained twitter as he landed. She blinked before sighing and standing, quickly she slung her satchel over her shoulder and slowly she moved forwards and pulled at one of his arms. She almost dropped him as she felt the two spindly arms beneath the one sleeve she held. She groaned and just pulled, trying her best to ignore the fact she was helping a giant bug and that it could write. \"I have to say, this is the strangest thing I have ever done for anyone.\", she groaned, pulling him up with great effort. Once she had him standing she leaned him against herself to prop him up. She gasped at how much he weighed and grunted in the effort. \"Y-your heavy, but you have to move.\", she grunted, lightly tapping his feet with her own, only to see he had spiny spindly legs. She shuddered but pushed forwards and helped him walk as they stumbled away. He walked unsteadily as they moved, using the shadows of the alleys to hide them. He then made a chirp at her, pointing at himself then at her. She groaned and kept walking, her legs feeling sore as she moved him along. \"W-we will talk w-when we get to shelter.\", she hissed out, pointing towards an old broken down house. \"So long a-as you stay q-quiet we w-wont be seen.\", she growled again, putting a finger to her lips to signify silence. He nodded and they moved inside. Once inside it was clear to see everybody was crowded around the television, all of them too busy discussing current events to bother. As she moved him upstairs she heard someone call out to her from the living room. \"Cara! Did ya hear? There's a monster loose in the city! An a prize fer its head!\", the voice said. She grunted and forced her voice to be clear as she shouted back. \"Funny, I found a giant cricket in an alley earlier!\", she called sarcastically, earning a roar of laughter and tutting from the people below. She muttered something incoherently as she stepped up the last step with Francoeur. \"If only they knew.\", she muttered before saying a quiet string of curses as she opened her door and pushed Francoeur in, letting him fall onto her dirty bed. She closed the door and looked at him for a moment as he gazed around the room, lightly brushing his fingers against the mucky sheets. \"It's the best I have,\", she grunted, leaning against the wall, \"so don't expect some sort of fancy service or anything.\" she growled. Francoeur looked at her and chirped then he purred at her, giving her a smile. She blinked in surprise before making a small smile herself, unable to resist the innocent smile he gave her. After a moment she shook her head, feeling ridiculous for smiling at a bug. \"My name is Cara by the way.\" she said, pointing at herself. He chirped and tilted his head to the side, not quite understanding. She sighed then pointed at him. \"You, Franc,\", she pointed at herself, \"me, Cara, you Frank,\", points at him then back at herself, \"me, Cara, understood?\" he chirped and pointed at himself then at her then nodded and smiled. She chuckled before turning towards the door and glancing over her shoulder at him, holding up a finger towards him. \"I will be gone for a few moments, understood?\", she asked. He chirped and nodded, holding up a finger. She nodded and left, heading downstairs and entering the living room. \"So what did you say about that monster, Mitch?\". She asked, looking towards the television. The man grunted, he was big in build and was missing several teeth, he then pointed one of his grubby fingers at the television. \"Remember when we got wind that there was a monster in Paris?\", he asked She nodded. \"Yeah, that giant flea?\", she froze as she realized where this was going. \"When that blasted ship sunk it had the monster on it, made by some sort of crazy scientist, and its loose in the city.\", he said, rubbing his hands together greedily. \"An I'm gonna get it.\", he chuckled before falling into a bout of coughs. Cara stepped back as people surrounded him, many joking about splitting the prize or methods on catching the bug. She shuddered as she heard them speak of the more drastic measures they would take to capture him, and when she could not take anymore she headed back to her room. \"H-hey, where are you goin?\", Mitch asked before coughing again. She looked back and sighed. \"I'm just tired, I'm gonna go to sleep, I'll see you in the morning, hear?\", she asked, looking at him. He just grunted and waved her away. \"Well go on, must've been a pretty rough day ta hear that from you.\", he chuckled before falling into another fit of coughs. She nodded then entered her room, closing the door behind her. Quickly she stiffened, Francoeur was looking at a picture and chirped as he gazed at it, his gloves were off and he was moving it around as he inspected it. She winced and quickly took it from him, carefully putting it back in it place, lightly tracing her finger over its image before wagging her finger in his face. \"NO, no touch, understand?\", she growled, pointing at the picture and wagging her finger. He blinked and nodded, recoiling away from her, his eyes wide in fear as he clutched his shoulder. After a moment of staring at his eyes she sighed and motioned towards his shoulder. \"Does it hurt bad?\", she asked. He blinked and lightly tapped his shoulder before wincing. She sighed and pulled his shirt aside, exposing the dark spot on his shoulder. She frowned and lightly traced her finger over it, looking for any breaks in the skin. When she saw none she nodded and began to look elsewhere on his skin, looking for any more dark spots, but finding none. She felt a little impressed at how human like his midsection seemed as she looked. When she realized what she was thinking she forced her face to stay straight as she blushed a bit, feeling ridiculous for thinking as she did before pulling away, letting him pull his shirt back up. \"Um, i-it just looks bruised,\", he managed to say, turning head away to hide her blush as she went to her bag and began rifling through it, \"You should be okay.\" she turned around and spotted him playing with her broken comb and groaned. \"Would you please stop playing with everything?\", she groaned as she plucked the comb from his grasp and putting it back where it was. He chirped and began to hum the sound he made with the comb. She sighed and sat down beside him, leaning her head against her palm as she tried to think of what to do next. \"Elle sort de son lit.\" he sang. She stiffened, her eyes widened as she slowly turned her gaze towards him. \"Wh-what did you say?\", she gasped. He continued to hum before chirping and singing again. \"Tellement sure d'elle.\", then chirped and lay down, still singing. \"La Seine, la Seine, la Seine Tellement jolie elle m'ensorcelle La Seine, la Seine, la Seine Extralucide la lune est sur La Seine, la Seine, la Seine Tu n'est pas soul Paris est sous La Seine, la Seine, la Seine Je ne sais, ne sais, ne sais pas pourquoi C'est comme ça, la Seine et moi Je ne sais, ne sais, ne sais pas pourquoi On s'aime comme ça la Seine et moi Extralucide quand tu es sur La Seine, la Seine, la Seine Extravagante quand l'ange est sur La Seine, la Seine, la Seine Je ne sais, ne sais, ne sais pas pourquo C'est comme ça, la Seine et moi Je ne sais, ne sais, ne sais pas pourquoi On s'aime comme ça la Seine et moi Sur le pont des Arts Mon cœur vacille Entre les eaux L'air est si bon, Cet air si pur Je le respire Nos reflets perchés sur ce pont Je ne sais, ne sais, ne sais pas pourquo C'est comme ça, la Seine et moi Je ne sais, ne sais, ne sais pas pourquoi On s'aime comme ça la Seine et moi\", he finished, he yawned and curled up, finally falling asleep. Cara stared at him, baffled. \"A...singing...flea...\", she groaned and fainted onto the bed.[Chapter 5] Cara woke to something tickling her nose, instinctively she tried to wave it away, but it persisted until she was forced to open her eyes. She saw a pair of large red eyes staring back at her and they squinted, making a purring sound. She yelped and pressed herself against the wall, startling the bug as it fell back onto the ground in front of her. After a moment she remembered everything and relaxed, looking more irritated then anything. \"What is it?\", she sighed, rubbing her eyes as she leaned over the edge of her bed. Frank made a burbling chirp and tried to write on the ground. She frowned, looking as he tried to write on the dirty cement ground before rolling her eyes and pulling off her boot. She tipped it to its side and patted it roughly, letting the dirt collected on her boots fall to the ground in dry chunks, she then held the boot to the ground and crushed the mud with the heel, making a fine dust before putting her boot back on. \"Try that.\", she said, gesturing to the dust. Francoeur looked at it curiously before tapping it with his finger and looking at her in confusion. She sighed and trailed her finger in the dust, making the figure of her name before erasing it and gesturing towards it again. \"Tell me.\", she said, saying her words slowly before tapping beside the dirt, \"Write.\" He looked at her then at the dirt before nodding and writing. J'ai Faim Cara stared, not understanding before sighing and rubbing her head, trying to figure it out. \"A-alright...J'ai Faim...um I am guessing...your...\", she frowned, trying to guess before looking at him. \"Well...I've heard french is similar to english...so faim...fam...family...familiar...famished...famished!\", she gasped, looking at him, startling him, making him fall back again. She winced and helped him stand, nearly falling herself as she leaned back to pull him up. \"Are you hungry?\", she asked once she helped him up, only for him to fall to the ground as he failed to keep his balance. He chirped, tilting his head in confusion, not understanding as he rubbed his legs. She frowned, thinking for a moment before looking back at him and motioning to her mouth. \"Hungry?\", she asked, making the motion again then pointing at him. He nodded, smiling and sitting up as he recognized the motions before holding out his hands, cupping them together before motioning sipping. She frowned before nodding, understanding he was hungry and smiled. \"Well, okay...um...hold on.\", quickly she went to her bag and dug through it before pulling out a potato and handing it to him. \"Food?\", she asked, offering it. He sniffed it before shaking his head towards her. She scowled, not understanding before she realized why he would not eat it. \"...Your a flea...you eat...drink blood...\", she groaned, sitting down as she began to think. \"...Maybe I could get some...but...what kind of blood? I don't think you drank human blood.\", she said, frowning. He looked at her for a moment before chirping and writing on the ground. Sang de vache She looked at it and sighed, not understanding before holding up her hands and shoulders in defeat. He looked at her again before erasing what he wrote and writing in one word. Moo She blinked, recognizing the word and looking at him. \"Cow?\", she asked. He looked at her, clearly not understanding. She sighed again before holding her fingers up to her head, feeling a little silly for her acting. \"Moooo...cow? Moooo.\", she said, her cheeks reddening before putting her hands down sheepishly. He blinked and nodded quickly, chirping in excitement as he understood. She nodded, a small smile forming on her face before looking around. \"I can't leave you here...so...i need to get you a good disguise...\", she frowned, looking around her room before looking at the dirty sheets below her before making a small smile. Cara walked down the streets, holding Frank's arm in hers as they walked. He had a loose skirt made from the sheets and another part of the sheet to make a shawl, covering his face with the scarf as if he had a cold. Cara looked about, helping him walk as he shuffled forward, people parted immediately, being kind to what seemed to be a daughter leading her elderly mother through the streets. She patted his arm reassuringly as they walked, leading him to the butchers shop. Once they entered she went in, still holding onto Frank's arm. \"Excuse me,\", she asked the butcher as he let his ax fall through a slab of meat, \"I have a request to make that may seem a little odd.\" He grunted, spitting a glob of chew into a bucket nearby. \"Wha you wan'?\", he grunted, showing his broken black teeth as he squinted at her. She took a deep breath, hiding her shudders of disgust and the urge to purge the best she could. \"I need the blood of a cow, it's for my mom's health.\", she said. He scowled at her before making another shot at the bucket. \"Fer 'er 'ealth, eh?\", he grunted. She nodded, earning a laugh from him as he went to the back of his shop and coming back with a bucket full of the crimson liquid and setting it down in front of her. \"Wha' you go' ter pay?\", he grunted, looking her over. She fingered through her pockets, careful to hold Frank's arm with one as she fished for change. After a moment she dropped 3 pennies onto the counter. \"Will that be enough?\", she asked, looking him in the eyes. He chuckled, scooping up the change and looking them over. \"T'will do.\", he grunted, scooting over the bucket with his foot. She leaned down and picked up the bucket, handling it carefully due to the slushiness of its contents before nodding in the man's direction. \"Pleasure doing business sir.\", she said, turning away and exiting with Frank, who was attempting to peek into the bucket. She held it away from him, using her arm to push him away. \"Hold it, you need to wait.\", she grumbled, exiting the butchers and walking down the streets for a moment, making space between the butchers and themselves. When she felt they were far enough she led them into an alley and took them to its back, hiding them from view before pulling the sheet from his head. \"Alright, enjoy.\", she grunted, holding the bucket to him. He took it and examined it for a moment before holding it to his mouth and sipping its contents. She watched him for a moment before wrinkling her nose and turning away, unable to watch any more. She closed her eyes and tried not to focus on the slurping sounds he made as he drank his gruesome meal. After a few moments she noticed he had stopped slurping and turned to look back at him. She covered her mouth as she tried not to wretch as she looked at him. He looked at her before smiling, despite the red all over his face and dribbling down his chin. She turned her head and made a near quiet gagging sound before forcing herself to regain her composure and looking at him. She then took the sheet and held it out to him, trying her best to stay away from him. He took it and looked at it with confusion, making a twittering sound as he looked at it. She sighed and held up a corner of it and began to wipe his face, doing her best to keep her hands from becoming bloody herself. She wrinkled her nose and did her best not to wretch as she wiped him. After a moment she realized he was staring at her, looking at her expressions curiously before chirping and leaning close to her, lightly pinching the skin on her cheek. She turned red immediately, not from the little bit of blood he smeared on her, but from the fact how he was touching her. She felt her cheeks burn as he felt over the creases on her skin, he felt over her forehead and beneath her chin. As he felt up her chin she backed off, knowing he was going to touch her lips. She held a hand to her own cheek, feeling self conscious before she realized he had smeared her face with a good amount of blood. She forced herself to remain calm by taking a deep breath and quickly using another part of the sheet to clean her face. \"That...was disgusting.\", she muttered, letting her cheeks flush again as she remembered how he felt her cheeks. \"But next time you do that...\", she said, looking him in the eye. He chirped, not quite understanding her as he leaned closer. She swung her hand up and at him, slapping him straight across the face. He blinked, jolted by the slap, but not hurt. He blinked again and stared at her. \"I will use a fist.\", she growled, making her hand into a fist and waving it in front of his face. He blinked, before leaning back and nodding, getting a forced understanding as she grumbled to herself, wrapping the sheet roughly around his head again forcing him to stand before grabbing the bucket. \"Now lets go.\", she grumbled, facing the ground as she tried to hide the reddening of her cheeks. She led him back to her room, letting him fall onto the bed before quickly plucking the sheets off of him and grumbling as she looked over the blood stains on them. He watched her for a moment, still stunned by how she had slapped him in the alley. He understood, somewhat, that he should not touch her like that again, no matter how curious he was. He watched as she took the bucket from the butchers and the sheets as she made ready to leave. She turned towards him and motioned for him to stay. He nodded, understanding before she turned and left, leaving him alone. He looked around, he had looked around the room before but he had patience and he used it as he looked the room over, he looked at every nook, every cranny. He looked at every corner, every crack, his eyes even made a pattern at the familiar crack along the ceiling, making him think of a bird...of Lucille. He made a twittering sigh before laying down on the bed, looking at the ceiling for a few moments, letting his mind find the right words to describe his feelings. This world, so strange and cold it whispers cruel words of old how I wish you were here to cloak me from this fear save me my dear oh how I wish you were here stormy air and harsh whispers so different from love and kitten whiskers with winds that push me about all I wish is to heard as I cry out save me my dear oh how I wish you were here with hope I feel I may finally return for it is your kindness I yearn but with the familiar kindness she shows me I feel I am with you now, I can see save me my dear I now see you are here with me you are, despite the distance her heart like yours, with familiar resistance I hope she will help, she has done so much I have found you in her, and with some luck I am saved my dear I now see you are here He whispered, letting his feelings flow as he sang, he looked at the bird in the ceiling and let his words, he imagined the bird changing into Lucille and smiling at him, he smiled as he began to feel sleepy. He closed his eyes and let his mind swirl as images of beauty flowed through him. Cara came back with a washbasin and a clean bucket of water. She put the basin in front of her bed and poured in its contents into the basin. She took off her gloves and rolled up her sleeves before she plopped in a sheet and began to scrub it, grumbling as she worked. After a moment she glanced at Francoeur and noticed how at ease he seemed. For a second the stopped, looking at how peaceful he looked, earning a small smile from herself. She blinked and shook her head, snapping herself out of it and taking a cupful of water and splashing it at him. He quickly sat up, blinking in shock as he looked about, clearly startled before looking at her on confusion. She motioned to the basin before motioning for him to approach. \"Come on, I wont do all the work.\", she grumbled, tossing the other sheet at him. He caught it, looking at her curiously before looking at the basin and dropping the sheet in. He looked at her and made a puzzled look before twittering his confusion. She took her sheet and began to rub it onto the wash board before stopping and motioning for him to copy. He looked at the sheet and began to copy her actions before stopping to look at her for reassurance. She nodded and continued to clean her sheet, scrubbing it in quick bumpy motions. He chirped and continued, copying her and scrubbed his part, letting all four of his arms push the sheet up and down the washboard. After a little while he felt his fingers become sore, then his wrists, after she pulled her sheet out he copied and pulled out the clean sheet. She lay it on a chair before taking his, her hands red and raw from scrubbing as she placed it on a small table to let it dry. She rolled down her sleeves and slipped her gloves back on, hiding the red of her palms. He chirped, and looked at the newly clean sheets before looking at her and smiling. She sighed and made a small smile to him, unable to resist before picking up her satchel and heading towards the door. When she had her hand on the door she turned back to him and smiled. \"I will be back shortly...no trouble, okay?\", she asked, looking at him with a serious look. He chirped, confused. She sighed and estimated how long she was to be gone. \"I...will be gone for...a few hours...maybe 3...do you understand? Hours?\", she asked. He chirped and smiled at her, nodding in mild understanding. She smiled and nodded before exiting. \"I will be back.\", she said, smiling and closing the door before heading to the streets. He chirped and smiled before sitting on the bed and rubbing his legs. They did not feel so sore now and he smiled at that, he knew he could jump soon again. He sighed and lay down as he waited for Cara to return, a small smile formed on his lips as a jolly tune played on a record player in another room and he dozed off, his heart moving to the beat.[Chapter 6] Francoeur purred, he smiled at Lucille as they sang on stage, dancing to their music as they sang in sync. He let the melodies flow as his friends clapped in the crowd, everybody cheered him on. He danced and sang as Raoul whistled, mainly to Lucille, and the engaged couple, Maud and Emile, clapped as they watched them. Francoeur and Lucille bowed as their song ended and Lucille left the stage, leaving Francoeur to do a solo. He purred as he began to play his guitar, the music flowed as his fingers danced across the chords, every note seemed to entrance his audience as his lyrics approached. He opened his mouth to speak when the entire room dimmed, the audience's smiling faces turned to fear as they looked upon the stage, Maud and Emile looked surprised along with Raoul and Lucille. He looked about in confusion until he looked at his hands and was startled. He realized his entire suit was gone, revealing his flea self and he looked at the audience in fright. People cried out and began to run as they began to panic. He chirped in surprise and tried to seek out his friends but they were nowhere to be seen. Fearfully he dropped his guitar and took a step backwards, ready to run to the nearest exit, but he bumped into something and spun around. He looked at what he ran into a realized it was a giant foot, as he looked up he realized it belonged to the enormous figure of Police Chief Maynott, who sneered down at him. \"What a disgusting creature.\", he said before raising his foot to step on Francoeur. Francoeur trilled in fear as he dived out of the way and he jumped, attempting to leap away only to fall when his legs did not jump high enough. Quickly he scrambled out of the way as another foot was stomped in his direction, again he tried to jump but his legs did not work and he only fell again. Fearfully he looked up, realizing he was helpless as Maynott's foot fell upon him. He yelped and covered his head as he tried to protect himself. The crushing blow did not come but he felt something poking a his side, scared Maynott was readying to kick him he attempted to roll to the side. As he rolled he rolled off the edge and for a split second he felt he was falling, only to wake as he hit the ground and rolled across it. Blinking in dizziness he looked about as he tried to make sense of his surroundings. He blinked only to feel a powerful force hit him straight in the chin. Francouer yelped and tried to move away but the force followed him and he covered his head the force rained blows on his back. He heard a cry and the force raining on his back suddenly stopped as he heard more shouting. Fearfully he looked to see two figures, one was smaller and was closer to him, another was large and held what looked like a broom of some sort. Blinking he remembered the smaller figure, it was Cara, she was holding her arms up as she shielded Francoeur from the other figure, a dirty looking man who had dark dirty teeth. He was crying something to Cara who was trying to calm him down. \"Have ya gone wet?! Its that thing that's on the lam!\", he cried pointing an accusing finger at Francoeur. \"Pipe down, Mitch! I know that, I'm no dumb dora!\", she cried, trying to pull the broom from him. \"He's a real ducky, and he's no monster.\", she growled, finally pulling it from his grasp. Mitch scowled at her then at Francoeur. \"Says you, I ain't no fool! Besides, do you know how much dough we could get for letting the bulls pinch him?\", he said, pointing at Francoeur again. She glared at him as she stood straight and looked him square in the eye. \"Your being a real piker, Mitch, hes just a lost soul who needed a helping hand,\", quickly she held up a hand as he tried to speak, \"plus the bug has a little secret, he can write!\" Mitch blinked and scowled before huffing. \"What kinda sap do you take me for? Do you think I'll believe that hogwash?\", he spat. She glared at him. \"I'm not letting you get him pinched just because you want a few clams.\", she snapped, holding the broom defensively as she moved closer to Francoeur. Mitch glared at her. \"I'd rather let it be pinched than make a caper.\", he growled before looking at her for a moment then sighed. \"But your a genuine bearcat and I've known you long enough to see your being an on the level live-wire, so I'm gonna give you a chance.\", he said before moving to sit on the sheet covered chair. \"Spill the beans.\", he said, waiting for her to talk, \"But I warn you, I don't take any wooden nickels.\" She nodded and continued to hold the broom protectively as she spoke. \"I found him while looking for scraps to trade and, I admit, he scared the pahookas out of me.\", she said, pausing to let him take it in. he chuckled and shifted the cigarette in his mouth. \"You slay me, now keep goin'.\", he chuckled. She nodded and continued. \"That's when he began to write, I could tell he wrote his name, though for the love of me I could not pronounce it. So I called him Frank and brought him back, I could tell he needed help and he was actually nice, though a big pain in my rear.\", she said, glancing at Francoeur, who looked at her curiously then at Mitch. Mitch scowled before looking at Francoeur and sitting straight, rubbing his chin thoughtfully as he milled over her story. \"That's not a fine tuned story but I guess I've got no choice but to accept it.\", he sighed, rubbing his chin. Cara nodded, but still held the broom in a protective stance. \"So can I trust you to keep this secret?\" she asked, her tone guarded. Mitch looked at her closely for a moment before grinning and pulling the cigarette out of his mouth. \"Sure, even if I did tell nobody's gonna believe an old coot like me.\" he chuckled. She smiled before holding the broom to the side and letting it lean against the wall. \"Now...why were you in my room anyways?\" she asked, frowning. Mitch put the cigarette back in his mouth before shifting it to the other side. \"I heard something in your room, and I wondered if somebody was trying to filch your stuff so I came in an I see this guy rolling about on the bed an I poke him, cuz he didn't belong. Next thing I know he falls off the bed and I get a good REALLY good look at him.\" he said, looking at Francoeur. \"The second I realized i-HE was not human I blew a horn and tried to get i-HIM out of your room.\" He said. Cara shook her head before smiling. \"I'm just glad he was not hurt.\" She said. Mitch grunted then frowned looking at Fancoeur then Cara and frowned, plucking the cigarette out of his mouth. \"Say, how long have you had him?\" he asked, confused. \"About 2 days now,\" Cara said \"why?\" He frowned and sat back, rubbing his stubbly chin again. \"How do you feed him?\" he asked. Cara stared at him for a moment before sighing, finally registering what he was trying to say. \"We went to the butchers, I bought a pail for him an…\" she shuddered a bit, wrinkling her nose. \"I get it.\" He said, wincing, understanding the statement before looking at Francoeur. \"He uh..he didn't try to hurt ya did he?\" he asked. Cara shook her ehad quickly. \"Nope, hes a real ducky, it was just weird seeing him gulp down the crimson like it was giggle water.\" She said, wincing. Mitch blinked and shook his head, rubbing his cheeks with his hand to conceal his snort of laughter. She glared at him before rolling her eyes and smiling. \"So…you're cool with him, right?\" she asked. He looked at her and smirked, shifting the cigarette again. \"Ab-so-lute-ly.\" He said, grinning, showing his browned and chipped teeth. Francoeur looked at Cara worriedly, not understanding a word of the conversation before tugging her sleeve and making a twittering sound of fear. Cara looked at him curiously and watched as he pointed at Mitch then hid behind her more, despite his size. She blinked before smiling and patting his shoulder assuredly. \"It's alright, he's a mighty nice guy, you can trust him.\" She said, chuckling. Francoeur looked at her worriedly before looking back at Mitch. Mitch grinned at him and tipped his cap towards him. \"How ya doin?\" he asked, chuckling. Francoeur blinked and looked at Cara again and she only smiled and motioned towards Mitch. Francoeur bit his lip before chirping and nodding his head toward Mitch, wringing his hands nervously. Mitch chuckled and smiled before standing, popping his back as he stretched it and smirked at Cara. \"It's time for me to go to work; you better take care of him, not like you won't.\" He said, chuckling before coughing and leaving the room as he hacked. Once he was gone Cara looked at Francoeur and smiled. \"That went well.\" He looked at her quizzically before she sighed. \"Right…no uhh speaker anglais.\" She said. He blinked at her. She blinked and shook her head, waving a hand at his face. \"Never mind.\"[Chapter 7] Cara led Francoeur to the butchers, he looked around at their surroundings as they went, other than the language and minute differences everything was the same as Paris. The cars, people, clothing, stores, streets, it all looked like Paris, it was different, he couldn't deny it, but it was familiar and that was a comfort. Cara led him into the butchers and he pulled up his scarf to give himself a sense of security before Cara stopped in front of the butcher. He looked up and smirked, slamming his knife into the wood beside his cutting table and set his hands on the edge, leaning on it and winked at Cara. \"Here fer yer mother's life blood, eh?\" he began. Cara quickly put the 3 pennies onto the counter, her face flat along with her tone. \"One bucket please.\" She droned. The man continued to smile before looking towards his spit bucket and made a shot towards it, adding another chew filled squirt to its already disgusting contents. He then reached forward and wrapped his red-stained fingers around the pennies and put them in his dirty apron pocket, pushing the crimson liquid with his foot towards Cara at the same time. \"Enjoy now, y' 'ear?\" he smirked, winking towards Cara again. Cara bent and picked up the bucket, pouring its contents into her own before thanking him and turning to leave. \"Come back any time, darlin'.\" He teased, his tone suggestive. Francoeur felt Cara's arm shiver, he could tell by the man's tone he was flirting with her, but by her stiff manner and shudders he could tell the feeling was not reciprocated. He did not know why but that thought made him feel better, he guessed it was because he was just happy she would not associate with such a foul character. Cara led him down an alley and they hid in the shadows before she handed over the bucket. \"Drink up.\" She said. Francoeur assumed she meant to eat and he did, tipping the bucket enough for him to sip it without spilling. After so many tries from earlier days he finally drank it without spilling a drop and when he was done he grinned towards her, feeling achieved. Her nose was wrinkled slightly as she watched him, still getting used to his diet but nodded when he showed her the empty bucket. She began to stand but Francoeur felt an urge and stood rapidly and reached a hand towards her, smiling at her optimistically. She blinked and looked at his hand before slowly taking it and he lifted her up, helping her stand then turning his side towards her and held the crook of his arm towards her, picking up the bucket with the other hand. Cara stared at his arm and took it, she assumed he was being polite and wished to hurry back to the safety of her room. His mannerism reminded her of her father, such a fine tailored fellow, he had taught her so much when she was little, one was to know the difference between a simple act of politeness and a gesture of suggestiveness. Francoeur had been in the polite zone for some time now, sometimes moving out of it with his…curious nature, nothing suggestive. Cara looked at him, he looked and smiled at her, he purred lightly and she couldn't help but feel delighted just to see him smile. She would have stared at him longer had not she noticed they were nearing the entrance to the alley and she watched as he pulled his scarf up, giving her one last look at his glowing eyes before they disappeared from view. The rest of the walk had been silent, Cara couldn't stop thinking about his gestures, sure he was being polite but something about him seemed different. Originally he would act like a big child, just naturally nice and polite to an extent, no fancy stuff, nothing children aren't trained to do. But Francoeur, lately he had been acting out, the touching of her face and the cuddling were just things of a developing child, but he had been doing more, now he acted like a gentleman, like a human. Cara put him in the room and went to clean the bucket; previous experience told her if she didn't clean it the stink would make her clean it. She put it in the wash basin and turned on the faucet, she rinsed out the bucket, swishing its contents around and around as it filled with water. She looked down and frowned, she had forgotten to remove her gloves. Setting down the bucket she turned off the water and took off her gloves, unlacing the leather straps and slipping them off, setting them aside and she continued to wash the bucket. She turned off the faucet and was about to dump its contents when a prickling feeling up the back of her neck told her she was being watched, she spun around and came face to face with Mitch, he did not look happy. \"You gotta be careful, Cara, you ain't alone in this house ya know.\" He growled, pointing at her gloves. She looked over and only then did she realize they were covered in blood, and in full view for anyone just passing by in the kitchen. She mentally cursed herself and looked at Mitch with a thankful gaze. Mitch seemed to soften and sighed. \"Be careful, anybody knew about Frank…who knows what'll happen.\" He sighed. She nodded before she realized his real reason for being there, he was holding out a newspaper to her, its headline clear as day. FRIENDS OF MONSTER PLEAD ITS INNOCENCE She blinked in shock before taking it, reading the article, it told about how four people from Paris are coming to Manhattan to speak on the professor's behalf and plead his innocence along with a few witnesses of the Titanic sinking. She frowned; the professor was to hold a trial when the four were to arrive. A plea went out from the one named Lucille for Francoeur to be cared for by those who found him, followed by a reward posting from the local police. Cara could tell by just the amount that the police were not fixing to return him to Paris and the idea gave her shudders. Cara looked up at Mitch before looking down and handing him back the paper, turning and dumping the bucket and turning back on the water, throwing her gloves in roughly to show her rage at the posting. \"We both know he's not a monster, he's done no harm and nobody has claimed he has done any.\" She growled. Mitch nodded and looked at the paper, frowning. \"The case for this professor guy is not lookin too well, and with no real proof of Frank bein a nice fella all odds are stacked against him, those bulls will flay him alive.\" he said reading. Cara frowned, thinking for a moment as she worked the blood out of her gloves then she emptied the bucket and squeezed out the water. \"What if we proved it?\" she said. Mitch looked up and frowned. \"Wha' ya say?\" he asked confused. Cara turned and nodded towards him. \"We can prove Frank is not a monster, we can prove he's...domesticated, no better, he's civilized.\" she said, an excited smile forming. Mitch scowled, thinking for a moment before shaking his head. \"How in bloody hell are you gonna convince New York that a giant flea is really a copacetic Mac?\" Cara grinned. \"Remember the last report we got on Frank while he was in Paris?\" she said, grinning. Mitch blinked and thought for a moment then broke into a wide smile. \"You clever gal.\" \"I think it's time we get Francoeur into the spot light, this time without all the theatrics.\" She smirked. For days Cara and Mitch prepared, Cara pulled out her old sewing kit and got to work making her elaborate costume. Mitch went out, seeking information concerning Frank and soon met up with some nice characters, giving information in return before he went back to Cara, the plan set. The day the boat arrived with the Professor's comrades Cara's plan was ready, that morning she sent Mitch to the boatyard with a note, hoping it would meet its recipient. Once Mitch confirmed the note had been delivered Cara took Frank and led him down the stairs, clad in a middle class dress of an elderly woman. Cara had used old white curtains she had found to make it, having worked hours on cleaning, cutting, stitching, and pressing it finally looked appropriate. The floral designed fabric from an old sofa provided a much better looking shawl than her sheets had, Cara took one of her father's old coats and stitched it to make one for the costume. The scarf hung around Francoeur's neck and a pair of her father's old gloves finished off the disguise, Cara found no shoes she had could fit him and she hadn't the information to make a pair. Once the disguise was given its last minute touches Cara led Francoeur out of the door, leading him to Mitch's car and put him inside, squeezing in next him and waiting as Mitch got in and started the engine. She and Mitch were dressed in clothes she had found in her father's old wardrobes, she being dressed in her hand me downs from his mother. \"Onto the courthouse!\" Mitch whooped, grinning at Francoeur and Cara before taking off. When the hairy man named Mitch whooped Francoeur looked at Cara and made an inquiring chirp, wondering what was happening. Cara gave him an assuring pat on the arm, speaking soothing words, Frank understood only few of her words, but when she mentioned his friend's names he felt excited. Cara calmed him down and said one word over and over, patting his arm in rhythm to the word, he guessed she was telling him to remain calm but he felt ready to leap out of the cab. A serious look on her face told him this would not be a very bonny event; the emotions he was receiving from Mitch and Cara reminded him of another event and wondered if it would have similar results. Mitch parked near the courthouse and all three friends got out, Mitch and Cara walked on either side of Frank and looked around cautiously. People from all around were filing in to watch the case, reporters and higher class people made the majority and Cara assumed they were early enough to beat the main crowd. She and Mitch carefully moved through the traffic and entered the courtroom where the Professor was to be tried and took their seats near the back. Mitch took out a flask and opened it before handing it to Francoeur, nodding at him then watching as he drank from it, once he finished Mitch put it back in his coat. \"That shold keep 'im full for now.\" he smirked. Cara rolled her eyes and found the coppery scent did not affect her anymore and smiled at Frank. They sat there for over a half hour, waiting for the proceedings to start, Frank was becoming agitated and shifted in the dress when a strong male voice boomed. \"All rise for the Judge.\" he boomed. The whole congregation stood and Cara watched as the elderly Judge walked to his seat and sat down, he looked tired from old age but still carried an air of dignity. \"You may be seated.\" He said Everybody sat and the court commenced, the Judge read the proceedings. \"The accused shall stand and be read the charges.\" The Judge said, glancing at the Professor as he stood. Francoeur stirred but Cara held him down, patting his arm and whispering calm to him, stilling him and they continued to watch. \"You have been accused of illegal experimentation, the endangering of the lives of the people and for bringing illegal cargo to another country, what do you plead?\" he asked. \"No' geelty, yur h'onor.\" The Professor said, Charles sitting beside him. \"Francoeur eez no' an experemunt misour, eez size eez due to moi chemecals but he eez not my experiment, ee iz mon ami, also Francoeur eez no danger to zhe public, he is tame and quite civilized, as for illegal cargo ee wuz not cargo, ee was un passenger.\" He said, his accent strong but he was still understood. Cara heard multiple outcries and she turned her head to look as multiple people stood, immediately one woman from the front stood, looking angry as the man beside her tried to pull her back down. She gave cold glares to the people, hushing them despite her angelic face then smiled at the Professor before sitting. Again Francoeur stirred, stronger this time and Cara was forced to get Mitch's attention to get him to stay still. \"Shhh, calm mama, just watch.\" She murmured, patting his arm and hoping he wasn't drawing too much attention. \"The defendant shall call witnesses.\" The Judge said, seeming unmoved by the outcries but looked at the woman and gave her an appreciative look. \"Miss Lucille.\" He said. The woman who had stood before stood again and walked to the stand, sitting and nodding as a man stood beside her, Cara assumed he was an interpreter. The Judge turned to Lucille and spoke, calmly and without any biased actions. \"How do you know of the monster?\" the Judge asked. The interpreter spoke to her, Cara strained to understand but Lucille's reaction was clear, she looked surprised then smiled at the Judge, her eyes fierce. \"Il'n'monstre pas, misour.\" She stated, as if it were a matter of fact. Francoeur stirred again but only to lean forward, he patted Cara's leg excitedly and she patted back to assure him. The interpreter turned to the Judge before speaking. \"She said 'He is not a monster'\" he said. \"Il est tres gentile, mon ami.\" She said with an explaining one. \"He is gentle, my friend.\" Lucille continued to speak with the aid of the interpreter, explaining how she had found Francoeur in an alley, afraid at first until he sang, she earned many mocking laughs from the singing part. She glared at the audience, not missing a beat as she spoke, she told about how he performed with her and how she set up the false death scene to give him peace only for it to backfire. She explained the chase to his assumed death and how he had only shrunk and was restored then how his career was continued and how he was asked to go to America for exploration. \",et il tres literate.\" She said smiling. \"He is also literate.\" The interpreter said. \"Moi instructe.\" She said, pointing at herself. \"I taught him.\" The interpreter explained. When she was done the Judge looked thoughtful before looking at the opposing side. \"Does the Plaintiff have anything to say?\" the Judge asked. The attorney on the Plaintiff side stood, he looked cold and reminded Cara of a snake. He walked to Lucille a smile on his wry face and he looked down on her, much like a predator to the prey, had it not been for her defiant gaze. \"Miss Lucille, exactly WHAT does your monster consume to meet his daily needs?\" he asked, smiling. The interpreter spoke to her, translating before Lucille looked annoyed before smiling cunningly and spoke to him then turned to the interpreter. \"He is not a monster, but he does consume animal byproducts.\" He said, frowning. \"Would you specify those products?\" the attorney asked, smiling. The interpreter interpreted it and Lucille spoke after a moment, looking at the interpreter when she was done. The interpreter frowned before speaking. \"He drinks the hemoglobin of cows, pigs, and a few other farm animals I buy from the market.\" He said. The attorney only seemed to grin wider. \"So you are saying he drinks blood.\" He said calmly. The interpreter interpreted and Lucille looked at the attorney before nodding. \"Oui.\" The interpreter nodded. \"Yes.\" He said. The audience murmured and Lucille spoke quickly, the interpreter listened before speaking. \"He is a flea, the Professor was working on mixture to help,\" he said then listened as she spoke again. \"he was designing a concoction to change his diet and to allow him free speech, which was interrupted when the Titanic crashed.\" He said, frowning as he interpreted as she spoke. The attorney smiled and looked towards the Professor. \"So illegal experimentation.\" He said coldly. \"Non, I know zhe requirements, eet was zhe reason I came to America, to get zhe chemicals I needed, to help a friend.\" He replied, he remained calm. The crowd murmured and people were discussing when the Judge called for order. Cara noticed Lucille's gaze had settled on her with Frank and Mitch, Cara winked at her and nodded her head towards Frank then winked again. Lucille's eyes widened and she smiled but remained calm and looked at Frank then made a small wave. Francoeur was so excited, seeing Lucille here almost made him jump out of his seat but Cara and Mitch's restraining arms kept him from doing so and he had to settle for making a wave back. Lucille smiled and he looked at Cara and pulled his scarf down enough to show he was grinning before she pulled it back up, smiling back. \"I think it's time for phase two.\" She whispered to Mitch, winking at him. Mitch nodded as the attorney continued to question Lucille. \"How do you know your 'friend' is not a female, ready to lay eggs and harm our society?\" he asked. The interpreter blushed and spoke. \"Then perhaps I should call you a female since you exhibit the same signs as he.\" He said, blushing at the remark. The audience laughed as Lucille smirked at the attorney. Cara looked at Lucille as Mitch coughed, first three coughs then a grunt then another two coughs and sat back. Cara remained calm as several people began to stand, first it was a woman, holding a small child in her arms and two other children stood beside her along with a man. One of the guards noticed and requested she sit but she refused, when the guard was heading towards them more people began to stand, many were women and a couple of men, all of them refused to sit and leave. Lastly Cara stood with Mitch, holding onto Frank and smiled as the audience looked at them in confusion. \"'e is nought a munstor, ee is a friend.\" The woman said. \"'e rescued mah wee leetle Helga, cared fer'er until'e returned 'er ta meh.\" She said, and Irish accent as strong as her voice. \"'es a sweet singer!\" the girl chipped in. \"Sang a sweet sohng ta make us feehl betta wheen th' sheep wuz sinkin' \"she said. \"It's true, I understood enough to know he was singing for us to be strong.\" And English woman said. \"He was mysterious, we all knew that, never saw him without his mask but he was always curtious, bowing and being kind, he helped me and many others when we needed to board the boat.\" She finished. \"I saw him with the girl, didn't let her go until he found her mother.\" A young sailor said. Many other people piped in, a female cook told about how he visited her kitchens and how he was kind and knew his manners. A woman told about how he had given uup his own coat to help his friend, the monkey, when he fell into the water. Others spoke and were accounted for when a reporter stood and spoke. \"Well if this creature is so curtious why did he leave his friend behin when he was shot?\" the reporter asked. \"I told him to.\" The Professor said. \"If he stayed I doubt zhey wood have beane as courteous to heem as zhey were to moi.\" He said calmly, smiling at all the people who supported him then at Cara and his eyes widened slightly before he swiftly regained his control. The Judge listened as each person spoke and seemed to take each person's statement into consideration then looked towards Cara. She Mitch and Frank being the last to speak he seemed to wait a moment for them to speak before he decided to start for them. \"And how is it this 'Francoeur' affected your lives?\" he asked. Cara and Mitch smiled at one another before she spoke. \"Because Frank is a kind hearted fellow that I had the pleasure of meeting and caring for.\" She said. Simultaneously she and Mitch took Frank's hood and lowered it, revealing his face and he purred sweetly, smiling at the Judge. The crowd gasped and many people stood to get a better view. \"Francoeur!\" the man who had sat next to Lucille cried, standing, Cara noticed he was extremely skinny and had the giggest hair she had ever seen on a male. Lucille stood and the Professor stood, Charles turning and grinning, tipping his hat at Francoeur. Francoeur chirped and smiled at Cara then at Lucille, happy and excited. The attorney looked surprised but relaxed and seemed calm, accepting his defeat with poise. The Judge cleared his throat and the attention of the crowd turned to him. \"Since mister Francoeur poses no threat to society, clearly shown compassion and civility and was not directly created by the Professors influence he is cleared of all charges, case dismissed.\" He said, banging his gavel and stood, exiting the room, with a smile on his face. Cara grinned and looked at Frank, who smiled down at her. \"Your friend is free, and so are you, Frank, or should I call you Francoeur?\" she said smiling. He chirped and purred, smiling as she called him by his real name before leading her to meet his friends[Chapter 8] Everybody filed out of the court, a few of Francoeur's acolytes stopping to be interviewed by the press while Francoeur's French and American friend's politely refused comment and grouped together to speak. Francoeur made a twitter of excitement before pulling Cara to Lucille for introduction. Cara walked up to Lucille as Francoeur introduced them, making chirping and twittering sounds as form of introduction. \"Salut, je Lucille.\" Lucile said, holding out her hand. \"Bonjour, je Cara.\" Cara said blushing at her terrible attempt at the accent. Lucille only smiled then hugged Francoeur and spoke rapid French to him as they caught up, Cara noticed she was inspecting the dress she had made and gave Cara an approving smile. Mitch went to the three others and seemed to be communicating well until she realized the skinny man was trying to hide a laugh. Cara giggled as his miscommunication only amused them then turned to the Professor, knowing her communication would fare better. \"Eet iz a pleasure to meet zhe one who cared for mon ami.\" He said smiling as the white monkey held up a card. \"The pleasure is all mine.\" She said smiling before taking the card and reading it. CA VA? She looked at the monkey and smiled. \"Tres bon, merci.\" She said blushing again at her accent. The monkey gave a polite hoot then made a grin and tipped his hat. \"I am known as zhe Professor.\" He said making a polite bow. \"I am Cara, the man who was with me is Mitch.\" She said turning to gesture when she realized Mitch was somehow trying to communicate by flapping his arms like a bird's. \"I can see…\" the Professor said, amused. \"Yeah…French doesn't come naturally to him.\" She explained and blushed as he imitated sleeping and hugging before laughing, oblivious to the true amusement of the others. \"Perhaps we can lend a hand?\" she asked, gesturing. \"Oui.\" The Professor agreed and both went to aid the misunderstood Mitch. \"-was the most adorable thing I ever did see.\" he chuckled, Cara guessed his story and felt glad it was not understood. \"Indeed, I would be sure zhey shared zhe same enjoyment had zhey understood.\" the Professor commented. Mitch gave a small chuckle and looked at the group then froze and began to frown. Cara swore she heard the cogs in his head turning before he turned back to the Professor and the group before groaning and smacking the side of his head. Cara gave a small snort along with that tall man as the smaller couple grinned knowingly at each other. \"Well THAT was…well I feel like such a sap…an don't you razz on me lady.\" He warned. Cara quickly covered her face, blushing as she attempted to snuffle her giggles. \"I don't plan to…though I'm sure you seemed pretty ossified with that show you put on.\" She giggled. \"What did I say about razzing?!\" Mitch burst out before smacking himself on the face and holding it there. Cara giggled and turned to the three friends as the Professor introduced her. \"Elle est Cara, Cara ils est Raoul, Emile, et elle est Maude.\" He said, forgetting to translate for her. \"Bonjour, je Cara, ca va?\" she asked feeling her cheeks burn at her accent. They seemed impressed and shook her hand in turn, she knew enough and assumed much by common sense that the tall one was Raoul, the short man Emile and the woman was Maude. She was pleased at how courteous they were as they returned her question in kind. \"Tres bon, merci.\" She replied, smiling, after that whatever they said she had to turn to the Professor for a translation. Seeing his chance he translated for her. \"Zhey asked how you came to find Francoeur and eef 'e was hurt.\" He explained. She paused a moment and chose her words carefully to ensure she would be understood properly. \"I was scavenging for materials in the bins outside of the market when I came upon him hiding and he scared the living life out of me.\" She explained and waited for him to translate before continuing. \"I had at first assumed he was a hurt homeless but I realized he was not and was just fixing to hit him over the head to make my escape when he began to write his name on the ground.\" Again she paused and waited before resuming. \"Seeing he was docile but still hurt I guess I pitied him and decided to bring him home and help him.\" She explained. The Professor finished the translation and Raoul decided to speak first, allowing the Professor to translate for him. \"He asks if you could explain how he was hurt.\" He said. Cara thought for a moment, recalling how Francoeur limped and had to be partially carried most of the way and she remembered the bruise on his shoulder and remembered how the reporter had said he had been shot. Again she spoke carefully, not wanting to be misunderstood. \"He was limping heavily, it seemed like he was exhausted from jumping, and there was a bruise on his shoulder.\" She explained. The Professor explained while Cara noticed the couple become confused while Raoul seemed to become thoughtful as the girl spoke up and the Professor translated. \"Madame Maude asks if you checked for a bullet wound.\" He said. \"The bruise was the bullet wound.\" She said and waited as the Professor translated. The second he finished translating Raoul piped up and began to speak excitedly, clearly he was a dramatic man Cara mused. The Professor explained hastily as Raoul continued his monologue. \"He says zhat his assumption zhat Francoeur has…armor like skin has been proven by how he was unharmed.\" The Professor sighed and stopped translating as he explained to Cara directly. \"Misour Francoeur is simply an enlarged form of hees insect self, insects have an exoskeleton, an extremely hard skin zhat protects zheir inner organs, and zhat exoskeleton simply grew wizh him along wizh hees other flea abilities.\" he explained. \"Which is why he can jump so high, resist damage so well, and why his appetite is as such.\" Cara said, catching on to what he was explaining. \"Oui, you are very intuitive madame.\" He said. \"Father taught me to stay as such.\" She said smiling then felt her smile fade as memory began to distract her from the moment. \"Madame?\" the Professor asked, noticing her fading attention. She blinked and cleared her throat, correcting herself. \"Sorry, I just…was remembering him.\" She said solemnly. Recognizing her tone he nodded understandingly. \"I see, I am sorry if zhe subject eez…sensitive.\" She smiled at him, glad he understood. He smiled at her for a moment when Lucille suddenly stepped forth and spoke to her then looked at the Professor to translate. \"She asks zhat you stay at zhe hotel as a guest.\" He explained. \"She wishes to congratulate you and Francoeur for zhis achievement.\" He finished. Cara was surprised and looked towards Mitch for help, she was unused to being thanked in such a higher class way. \"We'd be glad to join you.\" Mitch said, sending her a friendly smile to show he understood her fear. The Professor translated before Lucille turned to Cara, clearly wanting her personal opinion. Cara bit her lip and looked at her dress, wiping away invisible dust on the itchy fabric. Cara had never been asked to attend such a matter, the closest to such was when her father had-… She took a deep breath and smiled at Lucille, earning a delightful smile in return as she nodded. \"I would very much like to join you.\" She said, almost echoingly. The Professor smiled and translated despite the message having already being received. Lucille nodded and wrapped an arm around Cara's and she spoke, gesturing to Cara's dress, clearly interested. \"She's asking where you had gotten your dress.\" The Professor explained. Cara smiled, secretly hoping nobody had noticed but she explained nonetheless. \"It belonged to my father's mother.\" She explained. The Professor translated for her, earning a confused cock of the eyebrow from Lucille before she smiled and pulled her with a little more force. Cara walked quicker to ease the pulling but was clearly surprised and sent Mitch a worried look. Mitch returned her look with an understanding grin and just winked at her, somehow knowing what Lucille had planned and followed, whispering to the confused Professor as they went. The others followed them out, the smaller couple making talk that suggested their relief for his health while Raoul seemed to be questioning Francoeur very eagerly. Outside they hailed two cabs, pushing through reporters and common sightseers. Cara went with Lucille and noticed how Francoeur stayed close to her, while still holding Lucille's arm she held Francoeur's hand as a sign of assurance. They walked and Cara looked back to see Mitch and Raoul protecting the Professor from the reporters as they went, the small couple stayed behind Francoeur the whole time, making themselves small while refusing comment. Cara turned back and looked off to the side as Mitch led the Professor back to his truck to head towards the hotel. Lucille led the others to a waiting carriage; clearly Lucille had planned ahead because the carriage could hold more than the original four occupants. Briefly Cara wondered if Lucille had planned on making an escape with Francoeur and the Professor. She brushed that idea aside and allowed Lucille, Francoeur, and the couple to climb in before she herself climbed in and closed the door. Cara sat beside the couple across from Francoeur and Lucille and she looked out the window curiously. He watched as the crowd began to pass by before they began to ride towards the hotel, buildings and people passing by very quickly. Feeling a little motion sickness coming on she looked away from the window and glanced at Francoeur, catching him in the act of staring at her. She blinked and sent a friendly smile with a small wave, he returned it with a sweet burble and a smile, tilting his head ever so slightly that made Cara blush at his adorableness. She turned her view away only to see Lucille, Maude and Emile sending each other knowing glances. \"Ahh L'amour.\" Lucille cooed. Maude giggled while Emile just smiled while Lucille smiled mischievously at Cara while Cara looked around, confused at what Lucille had said and why Maude was giggling at her. She felt her cheeks warm further under the bewilderment and nervousness until she shifted nervously in the dress and looked down, not wanting anymore of the gazes until they reached the hotel. Mitch drove while Raoul and the Professor caught up, that was all he could do since trying to decipher their language would only give him a headache. He drove back to the apartments he shared with Cara and told the professor he would be back in a moment. He ran in and grabbed a box from his room and hurried back, earning inquisitive looks from his two companions. \"You'll see.\" He said plainly before restarting the truck and heading to the hotel. They arrived shortly and all three got out of the truck, Mitch holding the wooden box under his arm as they walked in. The hotel was modest, nothing fancy but it did give an air of classic due to its simple décor, briefly he wondered if any of its works were genuine before shaking his head. Those thoughts were something somebody he once knew would have thought and he just shook them away before following Raoul to the elevator and climbed in. Mitch looked around and tried his best to stay still despite feeling uneasy in such a shifty contraption. Once the doors opened for their floor Mitch hurried out without looking back and waited for his companions to catch up and lead him to the rooms. \"Next time I'm takin' the stairs.\" He muttered lowly, forcing his grip on the box to loosen as he trudged after the two Frenchmen. They came to a room at the end of the hall and Raoul simply walked in, Mitch allowed the Professor to walk in first before he followed and looked up. He blinked in surprise, the room was larger than he expected and split into two rooms, it had its own sitting room and two bathrooms and all Mitch could do was wander around the rooms in his daze. \"Somezhing you are not used to, no?\" the Professor asked, clearly amused at how Mitch was reacting. Mitch glanced at him before shutting his own mouth and leaning near the Professor to whisper. \"I gotta be pretty keen with ya, doc. This here joint is the bee's knees an' I'm feelin' a bit as a rag a muffin if you know what I'm sayin'.\" He whispered. The Professor blinked in confusion before nodding. \"Understood.\" He said plainly before walking off to meet with the couple as Mitch wandered about some more. The Professor greeted his shorter friends and smiled as they exchanged their own greetings before he decided it was time to bring up the subject fouling his mind. \"Does anybody know what 'keen' or 'rag a muffin' means?\" he asked, earning perplexed looks from the couple. Mitch wandered, searching for two specific individuals before he came to a closed door and knocked on it experimentally. After a moment the shuffling of feet told him there was more than one person inside and the door opened a crack to reveal Lucille who greeted him sweetly. \"Ca va misour Mitch.\" She said with a smile. Mitch cleared his throat and tipped his hat slightly before holding out the box. \"For Cara.\" He said. Lucille frowned and stepped out of the room and took the box, looking it over curiously. \"Pour Cara?\" she asked looking up at him. Mitch rubbed the back of his neck and glanced around to ensure nobody was looking before he whispered. \"Pour Cara, it uhh…is a gift…um present.\" He tried to explain discreetly. Lucille frowned and looked at him before making an understanding smile and backing to the door, opening it while keeping eye contact. \"Merci, misour.\" She said and nodded before stepping quickly inside and closing the door. Mitch stood at the door for a moment before sighing and clapping his hands lightly before walking back to the sitting room to wait. Francoeur looked at the mirror, Lucille had been thoughtful enough to pack a few suits for him and he looked over the navy blue pinstripe suit with newfound scrutiny. He didn't know why but he wanted to look his best and he found himself adjusting buttons or shifting his coat, maybe amending the flower on his suit or retying a shoelace. He looked about himself, turning in the mirror and looking for anything out of place as he corrected his gloves one last time before a knock on the door made him turn in time to see Mitch walk in. Mitch looked at him and looked up before backing out, making a sound and gesture to show he recognized his mistake. From his tone Francoeur assumed he was apologizing and made a recognized chirp to show he understood and smiled, gesturing for the man to come in. Mitch looked about before walking in and looking at the room, Francoeur could tell he was nervous about something and he began to speak, though Francoeur could not understand. He assumed he was talking about Cara and somebody called Tricia and listened as he spoke, trying his best to understand the man's possible confession. After he had stopped speaking Francoeur gave him a thoughtful look and made a smile to signify his optimism despite the miscommunication and Mitch made a small laugh in return before heading out the door. He stopped when he was about to open it before turning back and saying something to Francoeur, a single sentence he could not understand before Mitch left and he was left pondering to himself. Something told him that whatever Mitch had said, it was about Cara but he couldn't help but feel like he was missing something from it. He frowned and looked down before shaking his head and turning back to the mirror, finding his hat a little out of place he tipped it ever so slightly to the side and gazed at himself in the mirror. He stared at his reflection before he decided he had scrutinized himself enough and took a breath and looked at his reflection before turning away and walking out of the room to the hotel dinner cafe. Francoeur sat patiently at the dinner table with the men and Maude, waiting for the two main ladies to arrive when he heard voices outside the room, one sounded like Cara and the other like Lucille. She sounded like she was assuring her of something before the doors opened and everybody looked up to see as Lucille walked in, gazing at the rooms occupants with great interest. Curious he tried to look past her and leaned to the side to attempt to get a better view when Cara stepped into the room. Francoeur looked at her in shock; she was dressed in an ankle high midnight blue sequin dress, small lace dangled from the bottom and around the neck. The lace sleeves were long enough to reach halfway to her elbows and silver diamond earrings dangled from her ears, a shady green that highlighted the brown of her eyes. She had her hair up in a simple bun and wore simple turquoise slip on heels that she seemed a little unsteady in, prompting her to hold onto the doorway for support. All the while Francoeur stared at her, he did not know why but the way she looked just seemed so…alluring. The dress was not too much, other than the sequin and dangling lace it was pretty simple and did not overly hug her curves. He noticed that Cara had a deep red look on her face and he watched as Lucille led her to her seat before sitting at her own As he stared he didn't notice the knowing smile Mitch made when Cara had walked in and sent another to Lucille who gave him a thankful nod. Once everybody had sat Lucille could not help but notice how Francoeur kept stealing glances at Cara, a curiosity and fascination she had never seen before written all over his face. She assumed he had never seen her in such clothing and found it curious to ever see her in such attire, considering what she had been wearing before it was understandable. She looked at Raoul and noticed when he made a look of surprise and made a gesture towards Cara, giving Lucille a look to show his surprise. \"This day is just full of surprises.\" Lucille mused and glanced at her other three companions who were trying not to stare.[Chapter 9] Dinner began with the appetizers and a glass of a familiar red liquid for Francoeur, who barely paid it any heed with his staring session towards Cara. Whenever she looked in his direction he quickly turned away and pretended to sip his drink before resuming his watch when her attention was elsewhere. Dinner moved on from then and conversation started up once the main course was near finished. Lucille and the others spoke through the Professor who translated for both sides, being the mediator and translator to connect the separated pair from his fellow Frenchmen. Many times he had to pause a moment to translate the meaning properly due to the complexity of the dialect from either side. Soon the sides saw the difficulties he had and toned down their linguistics to aid him. After mild conversation concerning Lucille's career and Mitch's jobs at the smelting mills conversation turned to more personal concepts that really interested Francoeur. \"Lucille asks where Misour Mitch gained such a radiant set of apparel.\" The Professor asked, gesturing to Cara's current fashion. \"Uh well you see it belonged to my wife…\" Mitch began to explain but it was clear there was an emotional burden with the story and Lucille quickly made notice her choice to withdraw her question, seeing it unfit and unfair to bring up a still sensitive subject. \"Pardon, we understand eet iz a difficult subject, Madame Cara? Do you have family elsewhere?\" the Professor asked, sending Mitch sympathetic looks along with the other listeners. Cara was silent for a moment before patting Mitch's hand affectionately and proceeded to tell her story. \"Mitch is my only family, his brother raised me as his own after I was found living on the streets.\" She explained. Immediately Lucille and Francoeur seemed interested in her lineage and Lucille inquired a question. \"She wishes to know how you were found if you don't mind explaining.\" The Professor translated. Cara was silent and looked thoughtful before she made a small nod, as if deciding on the introduction before she began her story. \"It was about 18 years ago, I was 6 years old at the time when I spotted a man I assumed was better off pass by and I began to follow-\" A little girl with ragged hair and a dirty complexion but with eyes that glinted with fear and calculation ducked behind a store prop as the man turned his head and scanned for pursuit. Seeing nothing he turned and kept walking, seemingly oblivious to the small figure sneaking behind him. Peeking from her hiding place she darted forward, keeping her feet light as she rushed behind him, ducking into alleys and behind trash bins as he continued his route. She tried her best to keep her breathing steady before she peeked from behind the trash bin, her quarry having stopped at a crossing to look both ways before he would cross. At that moment her stomach decided to give a loud growl to signify her hunger and she quickly curled up in fear in a desperate attempt to muffle the sound. Trembling she peeked past the trash can and watched as he crossed, no sign of cars or people to give him ill. Quivering in excitement and fright with the anticipation at scoring a ticket to a meal she darted forward and practically flew over the crosswalk and the remaining pathway as she came within feet to him. Inching closer to him she practically tiptoed as she slowly reached out her hand to his pocket, ready to snatch his wallet for her own needs. At that moment the man spun around and looked her dead in the eye. She froze, her hand still outstretched to reach for the precious item before she retracted it slowly, too frozen from fear to make a hasty retreat. His eyes seemed to look her over as she stood trembling in place, her hands clasped together as if she were afraid to lose them. \"I say, were you the little one who was following me this whole time?\" the man asked. It was clear from his tone he was not angry, he seemed rather like he was empathetic and looked around before looking back at her, almost surprised she had not darted away. She gulped emptily and felt her dry throat make the motion before she began to whisper. \"Y-yes…\" she whimpered, frightened and ashamed. The man cocked his head to the side before he bent his knees and crouched down to her level, concern evident in his gaze. \"And might you have a family? Where is your mother? Father? Relatives?\" he asked. Slowly she shook her head, the meaning clear in the simple motion before he seemed to consider it for a moment then stood up straight. He held a hand out to her, an offer given with gentleness and courtesy as a parent would to a beloved child. \"I think you just need a home, care to join me?\" he asked, a sweet smile playing on his lips. The girl seemed hesitant for a moment, turning to look down the dark path back to the alley she lived when she looked back at him, his gaze unchanging. \"I-…I don't know…what..\" she looked down in shame, unable to finish her sentence. The man's smile grew softer and he crouched back down to her level. \"A lady would properly decline by saying 'no thank you' whereas a proper lady would accept by saying 'I would very much like to join you'\" he explained, speaking slowly to help her grasp his words. She was silent for a moment, thinking over his offer with a cautious eye that seemed to make him smile even more before she reached for his hand and took it. \"I-…I would very much like to j-join you.\" She quoted, looking at him nervously before he gave her a gentle squeeze of his hand and stood, gesturing her to walk with him. They walked for a moment when he looked down on her with a more curious eye. \"Might I inquire your name?\" he asked. She milled over his words before she decided what she would say. \"The others called me runt…but mummy called me…Cara.\" She explained, hoping her words were proper. \"Cara…\" the man murmured, as if her name were an equation to be solved. \"It sounds to me you have much heart. But where are my manners, I am Jhoffery, and I hope you don't mind staying with me for a while.\" He said, smiling down at her. She looked up at him then at his clean kept fingers, though they were clean she noticed they were worn and calloused from hard work. She looked back up at him and he gave her a kind smile, showing the lines of fatigue on his visage as he did so, making him look older than he really was. \"I don't think I would mind, not in the least.\" She said, smiling back. As the Professor translated her last words Cara gazed at the table and looked at the smiling faces around her, clearly enchanted by the simple and unusual tale. Lucille had her head lying on the back of her crisscrossed fingers in an interested position as the smaller couple leaned towards each other their smiles expressing genuine happiness for her. Raoul was looking towards the sky as if assessing her story while Francoeur, the Professor, and Charles looked at her with great interest. Raoul was the first to break the silence before he turned to the Professor for translation. \"He asks how you came to be as you were at the beginning of your tale.\" He explained. Cara thought for a moment as she remembered the details before she spoke. \"My dad passed away from a shipyard accident and my mother passed away from tuberculosis several years later. I had no relatives and no friends and in result I ended up on the street, forced to commit small thieveries and to root through trash to keep myself alive.\" She explained. \"When my father caught me and took me in it was a blessing, in it I gained a family and an education. My father, though he worked at a smelting factory, made sure to give me a proper education and worked with me up to his passing several years ago.\" She explained, her hands clasping together at the mention of his passing, her voice failing for a moment. The Professor noticed her distress and nodded in understanding before translating her explanation to the others, earning sympathetic looks all around. Lucille sent her a few words that were clear to Cara, even though she could not pinpoint the exact verse she knew they were words of sympathy. \"Merci.\" She managed to say before looking down to regain her composure before she sat up straight and smiled at her audience. \"But I honor his memory, I work hard and I try my best to be courteous and kind to those I encounter.\" She said and waited for the Professor to translate. He translated for her and she heard murmurs of approval from her newfound friends as Francoeur cocked his head to the side with curiosity. Charles gave an approving hoot as Mitch patted her back in agreement. Suddenly her friends were engaged in a fast paced conversation and she turned to the Professor for translation but he only sent her the occasional smile as he too joined the conversation. She looked towards Mitch and they exchanged confused looks before the conversation died down, her French friends smiling at her in excitement. \"Madame Cara, Misour Mitch, we ask that you return to our mother country as way of thanking you for your honorable quest to care and return Francoeur to our midst.\" The Professor proclaimed. Cara blinked in surprise, after a moment the realization of what they were asking dawned on her. She felt excitement and joy well up in her but doubt and concern plagued her, what about their home? Who would care for her father's old items when she was gone? She was about to voice her concerns when Mitch beat her to the pitch and spoke. \"Why of course! You're gonna have to give us time to pack fist, this is kinda last minute.\" Mitch said, chuckling giddily before covering his mouth with his elbow and making a couple of coughs. Cara quickly looked at him in shock before she managed to clear her throat, trying to keep her tone steady. \"But Mitch, you have a job, what about our rooms, we just can't pack up-\" \"Sure we can, we only have a few belongings, and we could just ask our friends to keep check on our rooms, I could have a scab workin' for me, it's no problem, I'm sure I can get somebody to be a temp for me by tomorrow.\" He explained and grinned at her, knowing she wouldn't deny the logic. Cara opened her mouth but closed it, knowing she had nothing and sighed, accepting her defeat before nodding and turning to face the Professor and giving him a nod. \"We accept your very generous offer.\" She said with a smile. The Professor smiled and turned to his comrades before nodding, earning a series of varied cheers and whoops at the accepting of their offer. Cara looked at the ship nervously; she had never ridden one before and only now remembered her lack of water related information. Mitch stood next to her, a cigarette in his mouth and holding his old army duffel that held his travel belongings as she looked up at the ship. \"Heh, haven't ridden one of those in about 15 years.\" He chuckled before falling into a bout of coughs. Cara looked at it, her concern unwavering as the captain called for the passengers to board. She looked at Mitch, hoping to get a few words of comfort but he was already heading towards the boarding ramp. \"So much for comfort.\" She muttered and followed after him, scanning the crowd for her French friends, hoping seeing them would ease her churning stomach. She was looking so intently for them she nearly slipped on the ramp and would have toppled over if another passenger had not grabbed her. \"Whoa, better keep your wits about you Madame; the sea does not need to take a lady before we even leave port.\" He chuckled. Shaken she nodded thanks to him and hurried to board the ship, finding Mitch and shivering next to him as the captain called for boarding slips. Mitch took notice of her shaking and gave her a comforting pat on the back before holding her close by her shoulder. \"Don' worry, the chances you'll fall overboard are only so long you don't keep your head about you.\" He attempted, chuckling before handing over his slip and Cara shakily handed over hers. Mitch took her arm and led her down to the passenger cabins when they met up with their French friends who seemed to be having some trouble with Francoeur. Seeking to help they went up to them as Francoeur made a series of frightened whimpers and shivers as he looked about the ship. The Professor turned and saw them and began to explain their issue. \"Salut mon amis, we seem to be having issues wizh calming our flea friend, heez last experience wuz very…traumatic.\" He said gesturing to Francoeur as Lucille attempted to calm him. Mitch rubbed his chin thoughtfully before glancing at Cara, looking between her and Francoeur before pushing her towards Francoeur. \"Say Professor, care to tell Frank here that Cara shares his fear?\" he asked winking at him. The Professor caught on immediately and nodded before pulling Cara towards Francoeur and began to explain, pointing between the two as he spoke. Francoeur shook but seemed to settle a bit as the Professor explained and looked at Cara who looked at the two in confusion but lurched as the ship listed to the side. She stumbled up to Francoeur and held his arm, looking about in alarm as she tightened her grip. The action seemed to ease Francoeur and he gave her a gentle pat on her hand before making an assuring chirp. She looked at him nervously until Mitch stepped past them and opened the door, showing the four bunk beds inside. The beds were white steel frames with nice clean sheets and comfortable pillows. A single large wardrobe with drawers on the bottom stood at the end of the room. It was no luxury room but it was decent and comfortable with enough space for all four occupants to share simultaneously. \"Now, who takes this here room and who'll take the one across?\" After a little debate it was decided the girls would take the first room with Francoeur and the men, and monkey, would share the other. After Mitch called top bunk he climbed up and the Professor took the bed below him with Charles while Emile took the top of the other bunk and Raoul the bottom. The girls took their own mirrored form of bunking in their rooms; Lucille took bottom while Maude took the bed above her while Francoeur took the bottom of the other bunk and Cara the top of it. After everybody had settled their items and made their compromises everybody got dressed for their little exploration expedition and met each other in the halls. \"Onward mon amis.\" The Professor chuckled and they began to explore. They were lead to the deck, where the rocking was at its peak, and where Cara leaned over the edge to heave her lunch. After everybody had calmed and Cara was soothed they went to visit the mess hall, which was roughly the size of the living room back at the hotel. They travelled through the rest of the ship and found there was not much else, other than the poorer cabins and the luggage and supply rooms there was nothing else. Seeing all that they could Raoul, Lucille, Emile, Maud, Mitch, and Charles decided to sightseeing on the deck while Cara, Francoeur, and the Professor went back to the cabins to recuperate. They went into the male cabin, deciding it was the more proper and sat on the bunks, Cara and Francoeur on Raoul's bed while the Professor sat on his own. \"Since I suspect we will be here awhile I suggest we try to find a way to pass our time, and perhaps productively.\" He suggested before translating for Francoeur. Cara, still feeling sick looked at Francoeur and a thought occurred to her so she turned to the Professor and voiced what was on her mind. \"Considering production perhaps I could learn French.\" She offered. The Professor looked thoughtful for a moment, tapping his chin before he smiled at her. \"A very useful zhought, but to learn a whole ozher language, and in such a short time one must be devoted.\" He warned. Cara didn't give the matter a second thought, she wanted to learn how to speak, read, and write in French, it wasn't a matter of heart it was a necessity. \"I am willing to learn.\" She said firmly. The Professor nodded, his eyes twinkling in anticipation at a pupil. \"Zhen we start tomorrow, as for Francoeur what shall we do to help him pass hees time?\" he asked, looking at Frank. Cara looked thoughtful and then grinned as an idea formed in her mind. \"Francouer could help, he can write so he can help in learning the literate part of French.\" She said, smiling at Francoeur, who smiled back though he did not understand a word of the conversation. \"An interesting idea, one he will have to accept first.\" The Professor reminded before turning to Francoeur and translated the question to him. Francoeur listened intently before grinning and nodding at Cara, his answer evident he chirped happily at the idea. \"Then it's settled, I start tomorrow.\" she grinned. \"Oui.\" The Professor nodded. That night the Professor and Cara spoke to their gender sided cabins and told the others their plans. Both cabins agreed with the plan and a few pitched in ideas on how to help. Lucille offered to help Cara when it came to her grammar and the dialect of the French while Maude, Emile, and Raoul offered to be practice speakers and to hold demonstration to help her learn faster and in person. After a little persuasion Mitch decided it would be a good idea to learn French though he admitted his enthusiasm wasn't as great as Cara's. The next day the Professor introduced Cara to the basics, from introductions, saying hello, and how to respond. Cara understood immediately though Mitch seemed to be having a few issues and often mixed up some of the words and meanings. \"Salut, je Cara, comment tu chapelle?\" Cara asked Mitch. \"Uhhh maw est Mitch.\" Mitch attempted and scowled, knowing he made a mistake. \"You would have been correct, misour Mitch, had you pronounced zhe words right.\" The Professor corrected. \"An how in the world am I gonna do that?\" Mitch asked, frowning impatiently. \"A trick to imitate zhe French iz by puckering your cheeks and ever so slightly your lips, eet iz natural after zhat.\" He said, smiling. \"Like zhis?\" Cara asked, trying not to giggle as she took his advice. \"Tres perfecte, well done.\" he laughed. Mitch frowned before he sighed and puckered his lips. \"How ith thith?\" he asked. \"A little less puckering of zhe lips, more of zhe cheek.\" The Professor said, holding back a laugh. Mitch scowled deeper before sighing and he tried again. \"Ahnd what about zhis?\" he asked, concentrating. \"Better, good work.\" The Professor said, grinning. \"Now again, zhis time Mitch makes zhe first line.\" Mitch coughed before he started. \"B-bonjour, je Mitch, comment ales vous?\" he asked. \"Tres bon, merci.\" Cara said and looked at the Professor. \"Une perfecte.\" He smiled.[Chapter 10] Over the next few days Cara learned basic French grammar and many of its common etiquette along with many verbs and nouns for the language. She learned how to ask a few questions and how to respond in return after a week and Mitch was still on the basics such as greetings and basic grammar. Through the nights when everybody was on deck socializing she and Francoeur sat together and practiced the literate part of her learning. She really enjoyed learning from him, he was patient and was gentle with her when she made a mistake, working with her until she found her way to the answer and they continued on. Within a week of working with him she had mastered the literate section enough to get by as a commoner and was very proud of her achievement, she thanked him constantly for his help and once even gave him a small kiss on the cheek in gratitude. Merci, Francoeur, tu est tres bon mon ami.\" She said and kissed his cheek before putting the slate away and climbing up to her bed for the night. Francoeur sat there for a moment, listening to her get comfortable before he slowly lay down and covered himself in a blanket, staring at the top bunk until the lull of the ocean rocked him to sleep. \"Bonjour madame Cara, ca va?\" Lucille asked when Cara woke up in the morning. \"Eh com cinq com ca, et toi?\" Cara answered and replied, yawning and rubbing her eyes. \"Tres bon, merci.\" Lucille said with a smile. \"Francoeur? et vous?\" Francoeur peeked up at her from his bunk and chirped positively, giving her his signature smile, making Cara smile. \"Tres bon.\" she muttered to herself, glad he was doing well. Lucille and Maude chuckled and looked at each other with knowing looks. \"l'Amour, est tres'dorible.\" Lucille chuckled and began to finish the touchups on her hair and makeup. Cara frowned, she did not understand what 'l'amour' meant, but she did understand what tres adorible meant, it meant as it was spelt. She assumed she was referring to how Francoeur was acting but she had a feeling they were making mischievous teasing involving him. She shrugged to herself and assumed it was harmless female fun and started to get dressed, pulling out her modified white undershirt and vest before pulling out a new part of her collection, thanks to the mastery of Lucille. It was an overcoat, made from a lighter brown coat she had allowed Lucille to use for the modifications and she looked in the mirror, seeing if it was to her liking. The coat was still long but in a way it was flattering, she found she enjoyed how it complimented her looks before turning to the slacks Lucille had also modified. The slacks were fitting, matching the style of the coat but Cara pulled up the ankles to her calves to make room for her new boots, also thanks to Lucille, then slipped on her worn socks and then, finally, her boots. She stood and pulled out her wrist length gloves and slipped them on, buttoning the quadruple button wrist and flexed her fingers to test the new apparel. After feeling satisfied she went to the now unoccupied mirror and began to rebraid her hair, undoing the leather tie that held it in place when Francoeur came up behind her. She turned to face him, wondering what he intended when he pointed at her then made a strange twisting motion with his hands. She watched him for a moment pondering what he wanted when he reached out and touched her hair before making a quick short braid and pointed at it. She blinked in surprise at how quickly he had done it before she realized what he intended, he wanted to braid her hair and she smiled at him, happy he offered since she just witnessed his quick braiding ability. \"Merci Francoeur.\" she said and handed him her leather strap before she turned to allow him to do her hair. He undid the first braid before quickly brushing his fingers through her hair, getting it ready to braid before separating the parts and began. He worked quickly and efficiently, she noticed he made great strides to ensure he did not pull or tug on her hair and finally finished with tying her braid and letting it fall to her back. He nodded in satisfaction as she felt the braid and smiled at him, turning to face him. \"Est tres bon, merci, merci bou coup.\" she said and she turned to leave the room, exiting with a smile. Francoeur watched her leave, a smile on his face, once she was gone his smile grew into a full on grin when giggles behind him made him turn. He looked to see Maude and Lucille giggling to each other, whispering before continuing their giggling. He gave them a confused look, wanting an explanation on what they were giggling about. \"Ohh you and Cara, she likes you, you know.\" Lucille smiled. He blinked, more confused than anything, he didn't know why but he felt he should be doing something about this. He chirped and sent them an even more confused look and shook his head, not understanding what they were talking about. Lucille smiled and came up to him, ready to speak before motioning for him to sit. \"Francoeur, you know how Raoul and I are together, right?\" she asked. Francoeur looked thoughtful for a moment before standing and grabbing his slate before writing and handed it to her. Friends? She took it and quickly read it before shaking her head. \"No, Francoeur, you know how I am with Raoul as Emile is with Maude?\" she asked, gesturing to the other lady in the room. He looked thoughtful before taking the slate, erasing his previous words and handing them back to her. Happy? Smiling? Best friends? \"Well, something like that, you see Raoul and I are in a relationship, we are a couple, each a part of a whole, as Emile is to Maude, do you understand?\" Again he shook his head, still not getting the picture. She looked thoughtful for a moment before coming up with an idea. \"Do you know how you enjoy a flower? How they make you happy?\" she asked. He quickly nodded, understanding that flowers were beautiful and their scent was heavenly, he quickly wrote that down and showed it to her. \"Yes, well Raoul is my flower, to others he is just a man but to me he is sweet, I feel happy just being near him, but unlike a simple flower without him I feel sad and want nothing more than to be with him again.\" She explained. \"He gives me all I need and I give him all he needs, we live and thrive together but are weak and sad without the other.\" She emphasized. \"Do you understand?\" Francoeur looked thoughtful for a moment, he remembered how sad he had been in America until Cara came along and helped him. He remembered the joy he had and the mild violence he had endured but all the while she remained by his side and protected him. The more he thought about it the more he realized just how generous Cara had been, she could have left him or turned him in but instead she took him in and made trouble for herself just to help him. The proof was the coins he saw her spend, having gone through a money crisis himself, the clothes she had sewn, he knew because she had often come to bed with pricks in her fingers from the needles. He thought about how she had defended him from Mitch the first time they met, throwing herself in the way to defend him and risking harm to herself and how she risked everything to return him to his own family, now she is traveling to his home with him despite their shared fear of the water. As he thought about her a warm feeling began to grow in his chest and he couldn't help but smile blissfully at just thinking about her. He felt happy and he realized he had felt that way when she had kissed his cheek and made his face feel warm, just as it did when she had thanked him for helping with her hair. Suddenly he also realized Lucille was attempting to regain his attention but she had a very understanding look on her face as she giggled when his face flushed as he realized he must have looked rather comical with such a goofy look on his face. \"I see you understand, or do somewhat, she makes you happy, no?\" she asked. Slowly he nodded, not understanding where this was going. \"You want to make her happy and be close to her no?\" she continued. He nodded, faster this time. \"Do you wish to hold her? Hug her as I do with Roaul?\" she asked. He looked thoughtful before he gave her a confused look, he rarely hugged anybody but there has been a small itch to just wrap his arms around her so he gave her a mixed answer. She only smiled, knowing her short interrogation has come to an end before she nodded. \"You two are smitten, she enjoys your company as I enjoy Raoul, if you keep going I'm sure you two will become as close as Raoul and I are, maybe even closer, but until then I'd keep from telling her your feelings until you understand them, agreed?\" she asked. He thought again, he knew if he did not know something never to speak of it so he knew it was good advice and nodded, he made a mental note to look up what it was she was speaking about once they got home, he was sure he would find it somewhere. Cara decided it was time to make her annual trip to the deck, this time she was sure she would make it 5 minutes without hurling and made it a goal. Mitch had suggested it to her to help ease her to the 'way of the waters' as he put it. She stepped up and took a deep breath before exiting the cabin area and walking on deck, she had grown used to the swaying, somewhat and was able to walk with barely a hitch. She decided to walk around what Mitch had called a 'poop deck' and made sure she stepped in nothing of the sort. She traveled along the ship and stayed from the sides as she gradually became more used ot the open sea air and the sound of the waves and people aboard. After a few minutes she decided it would be time to take a chance and walk to the edge and actually face her real fear head on. She went to the side and peered over the edge, looking at the churning waves as they bashed against the side of the ship, she looked, mesmerized for a moment before the churning began. She leaned back and began to take deep breaths to calm herself when a familiar voice appeared beside her. \"Well, haven't seen you in a while, Madame.\" The voice said, that same proper dialect she had heard when she had been saved from her simple slip up. She turned and looked at the man, he was tall, not handsome but she could tell he had real personality by the sparkle of his eyes and his perfectly positioned grin. He was not of her class, obviously by his straight back, his well-done hair and luxurious clothing and English accent. He reminded her of how her father used to dress when he would try to impress a woman he liked or he wanted to impress an employer, just more…expensive. \"Where are my manners? I am Jacques Lockhall, how do you do, my lady?\" he asked, taking her hand and lightly kissing the back of her glove. Cara felt her cheeks burn at the sudden hospitality and she wondered at why such a high class man would take any notice of her in any way, even to be kind. \"Erm, I am Cara Thompson, I do very well, and you?\" she asked, remembering her manners and made a proper bow, despite the height of her heels and managed to remain standing as she pulled out of the bow. \"It is a privilege to meet one such as you, proper etiquette despite a lower class is quite admirable.\" He said, smiling. Cara felt her cheeks burn again, more when she realized his smiling, though not handsome, was still attractive nonetheless. She felt her heart beat faster as he complimented her before she made another bow and responded in kind. \"Kindness to those one would deem lower is as admirable if not more, I thank you kindly for your precious audience.\" She said before pulling out of the curtsey. He seemed impressed, he cocked a brow and smiled wider at her display before leaning on the railing and looking out to sea. \"I notice you have gotten your sea legs, considering how I first met you.\" He said, sending her a teasing smile. She forced herself not to become excited as she too looked out to see, suddenly more at ease than she had been before. \"Yes indeed, though you still would beat me if anything came to the water.\" She muttered and suddenly felt a little ill again. He seemed to notice and scooted closer to her, concern evident on his face with a mixture of empathy. \"I see you are unused to the waters, may I suggest a more positive outlook?\" he asked. \"Fire away, I'm not sure how to look at sea without seeing a disaster.\" She sighed. He thought for a moment, looking at the ocean before he decided to speak. \"The sea is dangerous, but it is beautiful as well, it carries all we need and takes all we give, providing a passage through what could have been a long painful trek, smoothing the bumps into smooth churning that lulls us to the other side so long as we remain respectful to her power.\" He said and smiled at her. Cara blinked in surprise, she had never thought of it that way and looked to the sea, indeed it was smoother than what could have been and it was a shortcut but with immense power only few have truly mastered in understanding. The sea was not a monster, wanting to gobble her up or take her away but rather a creature that demanded respect and guided those that respected it, like any living being would. Suddenly feeling much calmer she smiled at him, feeling her ills fade away as he smiled back. \"Where did you learn that?\" she asked. \"My father was a sailor, he knew the sea better than anybody I know.\" He explained and looked towards the sea before a shadow fell upon his positive look. \"Unfortunately…he had also been aboard the Titanic.\" He said, a sad look on his face. Seeing his pain she made a pitying look before looking out at the ocean. \"I'm sorry for your loss…I'm sure he was a fine man.\" He continued his mournful gaze for a moment before breaking out of it and smiling again. \"My father would not want me to mourn forever, I have already paid my respects to him and now I journey to our homeland to take over the family business.\" He said. \"And that would be?\" \"English Post, news is quite the interest in England.\" He mused. Cara laughed, enjoying his character and sense of humor more than anything, it felt like she was talking to her father all over again. \"And what of you? If I might be so bold to inquire.\" \"Me? I have no high class profession such as you but I did work at a textile company, I helped with spinning the threads onto spools.\" She chuckled. \"My my, quite the lady aren't you.\" He chuckled. \"Might I ask why you are making such a journey across these waters?\" She paused for a moment, she didn't want to tell him just yet about Francoeur and decided to keep a few things hidden. \"I'm visiting France with a few friends of mine, I'm having a bit of a vacation with my uncle.\" She explained. Jacques smiled and nodded before he grinned knowingly. \"I see, trying to visit other places on a textile workers salary?\" he smirked. \"My friends are paying for the trip, their offer.\" She explained. \"Ah, so how did you meet your friends? Longtime family or other ties?\" he asked. \"Actually they found us when we had a chance meeting, we just got along so well they offered to take us to their home for a short while before we came back.\" She smiled. He smiled and nodded. \"You are lucky, not many get such a chance as yours.\" She smiled and they looked out to sea before she realized she was late for her lessons with the Professor. \"Oh, I must go, my friends are teaching me French and I must be late.\" She sighed and began to walk towards the cabins. \"May I see you tonight? Once your lessons are over?\" he suddenly asked. She turned towards him and paused before nodding. \"I will be done at sun down, may I meet you back here then?\" she asked. He nodded. She smiled back at him before heading into the cabins and to her lessons, distracted by her newfound friendship. That lesson she had some difficulty with learning her nouns and just focusing on her work. Many times she became distracted and often tripped over words she would have earlier done if her mind had been in the right place. Finally the Professor noticed and paused the lessons to get an answer at why she was suddenly struggling at what she had done so well with before. \"Madame Cara, you seem distracted, has somezhing happened to take your attention away from your lessons?\" he asked. Cara stared into space before she realized she was being addressed and shook her head to clear it. \"I'm sorry Professor, I guess I'm just distracted because of the meeting I have tonight.\" She explained. \"Meeting?\" Mitch suddenly piped in. \"What meeting? With who?\" \"I met somebody, he had kept me from falling off the loading ramp when we first came aboard and I saw him again today. He is quite the gentleman and I have agreed to meet with him tonight.\" She explained. Mitch cocked an eyebrow, it was clear by his attentive posture and taught mouth that he had his own thoughts swimming in his mind about the meeting. Cara took notice and laughed, knowing exactly what he was thinking and was glad to have such a devoted uncle. \"It's just as friends, we have only just met and are just trying to get better acquainted.\" She reasoned, smiling as Mitch relaxed, only a little. \"Well zhen, perhaps now zhat we have gotten zhat out of zhe way you can concentrate better on memorizing zhe vocabulary I have assigned you.\" The Professor mused. Cara smiled and nodded, suddenly feeling better able to concentrate now that her thoughts were properly aligned. \"Alright, now, give me the next word will you? I'm sure I have it this time.\" She grinned. \"A friend?\" Lucille asked as Cara explained once she got back from her lessons to get ready. \"Yes, he helped keep me from falling into the ocean when we were coming aboard, we met again today and have arranged a meeting tonight.\" She said, she was excited, to her it was like meeting a like mind for a simple friendship. Unfortunately Lucille and her cabin mates saw it differently and looked at each other, almost as if they were disappointed. Francoeur especially who suddenly felt a twinge of sadness at what he was hearing and a sudden feeling of envy. He wondered what it was about this Jacques man that made Cara want to skip their nightly study, surely Cara wouldn't have such a sudden attraction to somebody she had just met? Then again he did like her from the moment she rescued him in the alley and that had progressed to what Lucille had called 'smitten' and he wondered if such an event would cause such an attraction. He decided he would ask Lucille about it later once Cara had left.[Chapter 11] \"Where did you grow up?\" Cara asked, leaning on the railing as Jacques finished humming a simple sailing tune. He looked thoughtful for a moment before he began to speak, leaning his head to the side as he looked at the sun set. \"I was born in France, mother was from a rural part of the country and my father was an Englishman, after my father started his career he moved us to England for a better life. As I grew my father's career did as well and by the time I was 13 my father had the English Post. A year ago I was sent to America for some time to gain awareness for possible business when I was given the news of my father's untimely death.\" he explained before looking down at the waters. \"He was an honorable man...I was told he refused a seat when offered because he wished to follow suit of another man who did not want to take a seat that could be taken by a lady.\" Cara felt her heart clench at the story, she could tell by his tone he had been close to his father, and it was painfully similar to her own. \"And your mother? Is she waiting in England for you?\" she asked. \"She is, from her telegraphs she is taking my father's passing well and only wishes to see me again and be with me.\" he explained. Cara smiled, glad to know he was cared for. \"I am glad you have such a lovely sounding mother.\" she said, a hint of envy in her voice. He noticed her tone and shifted to where he was standing straight before he asked his question. \"What of your family? Or is your uncle the only family you have?\" he asked. \"I only have my uncle, my father passed away several years back and...I was very close to him.\" she said, slipping a familiar pocket picture from her coat and looking at it. The picture was of a man with a young woman, Cara when she was still a teenager sitting side by side and clasping hands with him to signify their bond as they smiled at the camera. \"We were as you would say 'thick as thieves'...I miss him dreadfully.\" she sighed then showed him the picture. He examined the picture with interest and frowned slightly, glancing at Cara once then at the picture before handing it back, looking puzzled. Noticing this she decided to inquire as she replaced her picture back into her coat. \"I notice you seem rather curious about something.\" she said, smiling as he frowned in puzzlement. \"I noticed...your father...well...you look nothing like him.\" he explained, she could tell he was trying not to sound rude, such a statement could be found in such a manner very easily. Cara just smiled wider before she gave small breathy laugh. \"He is my father, just not my birth father.\" she explained. Jacques seemed surprised at first before he decided to question further. \"May I have a further explanation?\" he asked, somewhat confused. \"My birth parents passed away when I was little, my father found me and took me in as his own.\" she explained. Jacques gave an understanding ah and a nod of his head to show his comprehension. \"I see, and was there a lady of his household?\" he asked. \"No, my father never married, but he did attempt courting with little success.\" she giggled, enjoying the fond memories she had of her father attempting to woo the few woman he took interest in only for them to slip from his grasp. \"Many were nearly taken to him but their choices to remain high class turned them away, my father chose to end his attempts after he lost his taste for a partner and decided to focus upon raising me instead.\" she laughed. \"It seems your father took his rebuffed affections and put them to paternal usage.\" Jacques chuckled. \"Yes, after that I learned several things, many of which I gained by watching my father attempt closure to those he courted.\" she smirked. \"And what was it you learned from his courting?\" Jacques smiled. \"I learned I should understand a person before any thought of courting could be taken.\" she smiled back. \"I also learned not to judge one by their looks or mannerisms alone, first impressions and early experiences can be deceiving.\" she said, smiling. He smiled and gave a respectful nod. \"Such wisdom from one so young.\" he mused. Cara smiled and gave a small giggle and looked at the water. For days Cara visited Jacques, she learned not only did he have a mother he had a fiancé who he intended to marry once his father's affairs were in order. \"Isobel is truly a talented woman, a mathematician that studied at Oxford and several degrees in literature and business.\" He sighed, closing his eyes as if he could be by her side just by doing so. \"I wish I had somebody as you do,\" She sighed. \"men often attempted to gain my attention…many in a very improper manner, but I never took interest.\" She said, shrugging her shoulders sadly. He looked at her and smiled. \"You will find him, I'm sure of it.\" He said comfortingly. \"How can you be so sure?\" she asked. \"With people like you there is bound to be another, for there is somebody for everybody and it might not always be who we expect.\" He said smiling. Cara smiled at him, though she did not agree with him completely she refused to be rude and point that out to him. They looked out to sea for a while, she thought about what he had said and wondered if there was somebody actually out there for her. Cara brushed her hair thoughtfully as she sat in front of the mirror, her female cabin mates had been gone for an evening night of romance with their men while she stayed behind. She felt a little lonely, ever since she had that conversation with Jacques she felt as if she were missing out on so much and knowing what her friends planned that night did not help in any way. Francoeur, the Professor, and Mitch were having an extended study session, leaving her by herself for the evening. She sighed and leaned her chin on her palm, staring at her face in the mirror, after a moment she put down the brush and began to look at her face. She was not fair, she had a slight tan and very light freckles, her eyes were a soft brown and her hair a few shades darker. She was not beautiful, her teeth were a little crooked and her ears a little too big but she was not bad looking either. She understood why men had wanted her but they had wanted her for all the wrong reasons, some a little better than others but none had passed the tests she and her father had devised to tell. Sighing she wondered if she set her standards too high and lay her head on the table, god she hated being alone. A soft chirp made her snap her head up and turn towards the door in surprise. She gave a sigh and smiled at him, she guessed they had ended the session early to get some sleep and she reached out to pinch the candle. Francoeur stepped up to her and held up a gloved hand, giving her a single chirp for her to stop. Cara blinked and stopped, maybe he wasn't tired, that's when she realized her hand was suddenly in pain. Yelping she snapped back her hand and cursed under her breath, she had held her hand too close to the flame. She looked down at the small red mark on her fingers only for Francoeur's own gloved one's to reach over and take her burned hand. She stopped and watched, suddenly curious at what he intended to do. Francoeur held her hand and studied it, lightly blowing air on it through his teeth, making a soft whistling sound as he did. Strangely even his blowing was melodious and Cara felt a sense of ease from the tune he whistled as he brought her hand closer to his face. She listened, her surprise at the situation easing her into a further stupor until she realized Francoeur had stopped whistling and she blinked away the shock. She looked at Francoeur and saw he held her hand close to his mouth and very gently kissed it. It was only a soothing one, a quick soft peck that left her hand feeling warm and making her forget the burning sensation she had once felt. The heat of her cheeks rose as he lowered her hand and lightly patted it with his other, smiling sweetly at her through his mask. He purred lightly as he did and made the heat in Cara's cheeks rise further, though she was not sure why. \"Oh, uh, thank you….uh…m-merci…merci boucoups Francoeur.\" She said, stumbling over her words from the surprising incident. Francoeur twittered sweetly and continued to smile, still holding her hand in his as they smiled at each other for a moment. For that moment Cara just stared at him, lucky to have befriended such a sweet and kind creature, very lucky. Suddenly she realized they were not alone and looked to see a grinning Lucille and a sweetly smiling Maude. \"Ahhh L'amour.\" Lucille giggled. Cara was confused, what did that mean? Francoeur, surprised at the sound of Lucille's voice quickly let go of her hand and turned to see the two women brush past him and head to their beds. Cara saw, despite the dim light of her single candle, that Francoeur had pink tinges on his cheeks and she wondered if he was embarrassed he had been startled. Seeing he was embarrassed Cara decided to change the subject, she would not allow him to feel uncomfortable just because she had distracted him. \"Uhh I think it's time we go to bed, don't you think Francoeur?\" she said, looking at him, hoping he understood she was drawing attention. He looked at her, surprised before nodding slowly and she smiled at him and stood, clutching her hand close to her chest as she went to her bed and began to climb up. Francoeur suddenly appeared behind her and lightly tapped her shoulder, startling her but she quickly regained her composure. \"Yes?\" she asked, wondering what he wanted. He chirped and motioned he wanted to help her to her bed. Cara smiled, she loved how sweet and polite Francoeur was, always the gentleman. She nodded and he gently picked her up, bridal style, and lifted her into her bed with ease. Cara was surprised, he was much stronger than she had originally assumed. She nodded her thanks to him and received a courteous bow in return before he resumed his own task at getting ready for bed. Cara lay her cheek on the pillow and closed her eyes, listening to the sound of her friends getting dressed into their nightly wear when she grew curious. She opened her eyes and froze, Francoeur had taken off his upper apparel and she saw his chest as he started to pull his night shirt on. Quickly she turned, suddenly feeling rude at looking at him while he was indecent but also feeling ashamed as she realized she had enjoyed how he looked. I am such a foolish girl, she thought to herself and mentally slapped her wrist for being such a dumb Dora. Cara hated dreams now, she tried to force herself to focus on her work but it was near impossible with that one line of thought making right turns in her mind. She had dreamed she was back in her apartment and Francoeur was massaging her sore hands, as he massaged her hands she had looked up at him, said something she could not remember and kissed him. And to her embarrassment that was not the end of it, she had dreamed he had taken his shirt off, to show her his bruise, and she had felt around his bruise, like she had before, then moved down to his abs and felt them. She felt her cheeks burn at that thought and shook her head, she was not going to learn anything with her mind muddled at this rate. \"Cara, Que?\" Professor asked, concerned. \"Oh uhh…j-je pardone, moi l'exhauste.\" She sighed, using tiredness as an excuse for her lack of participation. The Professor cocked an eyebrow but decided to let her poor excuse slide. She sighed inwardly and forced her thoughts on the lesson today, god she was just such a foolish girl. Once lessons were over, to her relief, she wandered on the deck and sighed, looking at the water as she tried to clear her thoughts. \"Something on your mind?\" Jacques asked, holding a book under his arm as he walked over. Cara smiled at him, happy that she had a good distraction from her ridiculous dream. \"Yes, and I honestly wish I didn't.\" she said, wrinkling her nose and shaking her head. \"And would you care to help me understand?\" he laughed, seeing it was nothing dark. \"Oh…it was a…dream I had…and honestly I wish I never had it.\" She sighed. \"I just can't get it out of my head.\" She said, leaning her forehead on the boat railing. Jacques smiled and cocked his head to the side, he was listening. For a moment Cara suddenly felt panicked, she wondered if she would accidentally give too much information, Jacques was smart and if he could piece together who she was talking about…she decided to just go for it. \"I had a dream, about one of my French friends.\" She explained. \"And?\" he asked. \"Well…He's my first French friend, the one I met that led to me taking this journey.\" She said, her nervousness making her lose her properness. Jacques just got comfortable and waited. \"I-…I had a dream…when I first met him he had been hurt…well I helped him and he had a bruise on his shoulder. I dreamed of when I had been helping care for his wound and then…well I did something I didn't do.\" She said, her cheeks burning. Jacques was patient and just nodded for her to continue. \"I-…I…caressed…his abdominals.\" She managed to fluster out. Jacques just continued to smile. \"And…was that the end of it?\" he asked. Cara blushed deeper. \"W-well…no…I-…I dreamed of another event.\" She explained. \"What happened there?\" he asked. \"W-well…we had done our laundry and I was angry because my hands were raw.\" She said. \"I…well he had come and massaged my hands…but…then…I…\" she blushed deeper, why did she have to blush so much? \"Youuu?\" Jacques asked. \"I dreamt…I…KISSED him.\" She blushed, looking down in shame. \"Is that all?\" he asked. She nodded nervously. Jacques looked at her for a moment before smiling and shaking his head. \"And do you feel anything for this friend?\" he asked. Cara quickly looked up at him, appalled. \"N-no! He's just my friend, I could never!\" She said, a little too loudly for her tastes and flushed further into crimson, she was glad they were alone on deck. Jacques just smiled and shook his head again before standing straight and walking around her. \"And…after this dream…do you feel anything for this friend other than friendship?\" he asked. Cara blinked and shook her head, why did he ask her the same question over again? \"Are you sure?\" he asked. Cara frowned, of course she was sure, she was always sure. \"I'm sure.\" She said, \"Then that settles it.\" He said as if it were the most obvious thing in the world. Cara blinked, confused. \"If you feel nothing but friendship for your friend he is nothing more, simple as that.\" He explained. Cara frowned and looked at the ground, it was that simple, well it was, right? \"Right.\" She said, still puzzled for some unknown reason. Jacques smiled and looked to the sea. \"We should be arriving at port any day now, I suggest you practice your French.\" Jacques said. \"Better focus on what's important while you can.\" He said, smiling. Cara smiled at him. \"Yes.\" She agreed.[Chapter 12] Cara and Mitch reviewed what they had learned for the next couple of days, even as land was sighted. Cara had studied hard and knew most of the basics, Mitch had several issues with grammar and certain words but neither could pass off as natives with their accents. Despite that they were prepared and met France with open arms, and nervous stomachs. Cara stumbled as she attempted to find her bearings on land. \"Oh god it feels like the beginning of the voyage all over again.\" she moaned as her skin took a greenish tinge. \"M-maybe I shoulda stayed on th'ship.\" Mitch grunted before swallowing his rising bile as he leaned against a pole. Francoeur didn't do well either except he took it with a stoic nature and patted Cara on the back as she finally decided to let loose in a drain. \"Once you get your land legs back we will continue to our destination.\" the Professor said as a carriage pulled up. \"Lucille mon davine!\" a high pitched cried out excitedly. \"Tante Carlotta! Ca va?\" she asked as they gave each other traditional greetings. Cara straightened herself out and stood beside Francouer as Mitch rinsed his mouth with water given to him by Charles. Cara focused as she brought her mind to understand everything that she could and was glad for her natural learning tendency as she put it in motion. \"Et-who is this?\" Carlotta asked as she turned to Cara. Cara understood that well enough and made her reply as Mitch took his place beside her. \"I am Cara, how are you?\" she asked. Aunt Carlotta understood immediately and smiled before nodding. \"Oh well I am well, you must be the American friend's Lucille spoke about.\" She smiled politely. \"We are.\" Mitch grunted as he tried to pull in, his accent atrocious. \"Aand what might your name be?\" she asked, trying to hide a grimace at Mitch's demeanor. \"No thank you I'm not hungry.\" He grunted. Carlotta looked at Lucille who smiled nervously as Cara face palmed and explained in English to Mitch who corrected himself. \"Oh uhh I am called Mitch's.\" He said then gave the Professor a thumb up. Carlotta suppressed a giggle at his simplicity but remained poised and waved to the arriving carriages. \"I ordered carriages for all of us.\" She smiled. \"We thank you for your courteous.\" Cara thanked. \"Her words exactly.\" Mitch managed out. Carlotta smiled and nodded before returning to her carriage and climbing back in, right next to police chief Paté who smiled and gave a respect filled nod to the group before their carriage continued on its way. \"Carlotta must be pretty serious with the police chief, then again they are the perfect couple.\" Lucille smiled. \"That and it gives you practically immunity to crime.\" Raoul joked, earning a mild punch to the shoulder by Lucille. \"We better get moving, it looks like it will rain soon.\" Emile interrupted. \"He is right,\" said the Professor. \"Let us go, I will take the last carriage with Mitch.\" He finished before he headed toward said carriage and Mitch picked up the last couple of bags on the wharf and followed after, still tipsy. \"Since there are only two carriages left perhaps we should make it ladies and gentlemen?\" Maud suggested. \"It seems fair, let's all for it.\" Cara said. Every face but Cara and Francoeur who suppressed their looks of nausea enough to make amused smiles, confused amusement in Cara's case, before they each went to their carriages and loaded up before leaving. Their first stop was the L'oiseau Rare, there Lucille explained that Cara and Mitch would stay in two of the extra performers dressing rooms while in France. \"Usually these rooms are empty this time of year and will not be filled until the summer.\" Lucille explained as their bags were brought into the room. Cara grumbled in her native language as Francoeur attempted to help but was rejected continuously. Cara muttered her reason as stubbornness and American pride before bringing it into her own room, huffing all the way while Francoeur followed, ready to help. \"Cara, why do you not let Francoeur help?\" Lucille asked. \"I'm strong enough.\" She grunted as she sat her bag by a dressing wall and stretched her back and turned to go and help Mitch, who carried his items much better than Cara did. Cara easily carried his second belonging, which was the box that held his wife's dress before he nodded for her to put it in her room. Surprised she listened as he told her she could keep it in their native before she carried it to her room and set it on the dressing table. Lucille watched the scene before going to Cara's room and taking her hand. \"Come with me.\" She said before leading her to her own dressing room. She dragged the confused Cara into the room before going through her wardrobe and pulling out a single dress. Cara took it and inspected it before handing it back. \"Uh it is beautiful.\" She said, unsure of what she was trying to do. Lucille smiled before closing the door and reopening it several minutes later, pulling out a reluctant Cara who blushed furiously in the dress. \"I-it is too much!\" she stammered, trying to find the correct words of expression. \"Oh you look lovely! Let's just show Francoeur and the others!\" Lucille grunted as she dragged Cara out and to the waiting room where Mitch and the others were conversing. Francoeur was the first to hear Cara's rebuttal towards exposure seconds before Lucille shoved her into the room. Instantly he froze in surprise, it was the dinner all over again but this time with a familiarity. Cara blushed in embarrassment as her entrance caught the attention of everyone in the room. She was dressed in Lucille's stage costume, her hair unbraided and flowing over the angel wings on her back. \"Lucille this is embarrassing.\" Cara squeaked, tucking her hands to her sides in a fit of stage fright. \"Stop being a baby, see, you look like an angel.\" Lucille remarked. Cara blushed deeper. \"Last time was for a dinner, now you're trying to make me into a dumb Dora doll.\" She whispered through her teeth. \"Now THAT is a dress.\" Mitch suddenly said, smiling at Cara. Cara shot him a cold look but he simply grinned, meaning every word. Aunt Carlotta looked confused and sent the look to Lucille, she wondered why Lucille was trying to dress up Cara when Lucille gently gripped Cara's shoulders. \"Does she not look divine?\" Lucille grinned. \"Wow…you may be the Angel of Paris but Cara surely has you on a run for your money.\" Raoul grinned. Lucille gave him a mock glare but only broke into a grin once she saw how Francoeur was staring at her. \"I admit she does look rather angelic.\" Emile admitted. \"I agree, and her hair gives it a nice touch.\" Maude added. Cara groaned and looked at Lucille. \"May I return to my own clothes please?\" Cara begged. Lucille narrowed her eyes, considering on whether or not she should continue her little parade before nodding and letting Cara rush back to the dressing room. \"Lucille, why did you allow her to dress in your stage outfit? What if it had been damaged?\" Carlotta asked, mortified at anybody but Lucille wearing Lucille's outfit. \"Oh Carlotta, she may be nervous but she is careful and I showed her how to care for my wings.\" Lucille explained. \"I am still unsure you should be allowing strangers to wear your expensive outfits.\" Carlotta said pensively. \"Cara is not a clutz, she may be unsteady on a ship but she is steady as a rock when it comes to care.\" Raoul added in Cara's defense. \"I don't see any issues with allowing her to wear Lucille's outfits, and I doubt she would want anything to do with Lucille's clothing after this.\" Maud put in. \"I agree.\" Emile said, smiling at Maud. Mitch watched the conversation, trying to decipher the conversation, and failing until the Professor whispered it to him in English. \"Uhh Cara is no bad girl, she is very caring.\" Mitch said, frowning as he spoke. Carlotta ignored Mitch and looked at a nearby clock before squeaking in surprise. \"Oh my! Well it is near time for my lunch with Paté, I must be off, be sure to lock up when you leave.\" Carlotta said, quickly gathering her items before hurrying out the door. A moment later Cara returned, dressed in one of her modified dresses, her hair re-braided, and making the finishing touches on tying her gloves. \"That was a nightmare, never again, agreed?\" Cara said, narrowing her eyes seriously at Lucille. Lucille saw between the lines and nodded, smiling in amusement. \"Ahem, Ladies and Gentlemen? I believe we had an appointment of our own at my lab.\" The Professor put in. Raoul perked at the recollection and clapped his hands dramatically. \"Right! Onward! And this time, we ride, in STYLE!\" he grinned before striding out with a grin on his face. \"Style?\" Mitch asked, confused until Cara helped explain. Outside sat a truck, a delivery one with flowers on the side, and a single woman's name. \"Behold! The IMPROVED Catherine!\" Raoul presented, tearing up in joy as he bit his bottom lip before sniffling. \"Isn't she beautiful?\" he whispered. \"Oh Raoul.\" Lucille murmured, smiling sweetly at him. \"How?\" Emile stammered, confused at seeing the once perished truck. \"When we helped drain the Seine I had her towed to my private workplace, it took a while and I had just finished when the incident happened. I decided the best time to reveal her magnificence would have to wait until everything settled.\" He grinned. \"Catherine is uh lovely.\" Maude said, still not comprehending the importance of the truck. \"Lovely? She is glorious!\" he smiled before walking up and hugging the side of the vehicle. \"Uhh…\" Cara said. \"Nice truck, she's a beautiful machine.\" Mitch grinned, liking the sight of the automobile, and earning a slightly jealous but grateful smile from Raoul. \"Should we be on our way?\" Lucille asked, breaking the stupor that had befallen at the majesty of the situation. \"Oh quite…say Raoul do you use copper cylinders or lithium?\" he asked, inspecting the machine. \"Neither, Catherine runs purely on sunflower oil, and quite fast I might add.\" Raoul grinned. \"Onward!\" Cara cried, turning everyone's attention from the current converse and walked to the back of the truck. \"What she said.\" Mitch stammered out, surprised at her sudden outburst. \"I agree, let us go?\" Emile said, smiling at Maude as he led her to the back of the truck. \"Yes! Right!\" Raoul said, slipping from his stupor slower than the others. \"Raoul?\" Lucille asked. \"Yes dear?\" Raoul asked back, leaning on the truck flirtatiously. \"Will you open the truck?\" she asked. Raoul slipped off the truck and waved his arms to balance before he managed to catch himself and stand properly. He harrumphed to clear his throat before adjusting his jacket and approaching the back like nothing happened, then he opened the back and motioned for everybody to climb in. \"There is only space enough for three in the front, I'd say the ladies but there are three.\" Raoul said apologetically. \"I won't mind.\" Cara said then climbed in and sat in the corner, waiting. Raoul shrugged then pushed Maude and Lucille to the front of the truck while everybody else piled in. Cara regretted getting in at first and found herself feeling almost claustrophobic if not that it were Francoeur who sat beside her, he scooted over, giving her plenty of room. \"Thank you Francoeur.\" She smiled. He smiled back and nodded, happy to assist. \"You are welcome.\" He smiled. \"So Cara, you said you had to forage for scraps yet you have a job at a textile factory, why?\" Emile asked, sitting between Mitch and the Professor while Charles sat by Francoeur. \"It does not pay enough and I'm forced to search for tin, fixable garbage, and anything useful I can find to clean and sell for a minor profit.\" Cara explained. Emile nodded then looked at Mitch. \"And uh do you do the same?\" he asked. Mitch turned to Cara, hoping for an explanation. She explained in her native tongue and he nodded, understanding before he replied. \"No, my job tough no scrap need.\" He grunted. \"He means he's paid higher than I am because of its difficulty.\" Cara explained. Emile gave a nod and an ah of understanding. \"Where do you work?\" Mitch asked. Emile grinned before he spoke with enthusiasm, less than Raoul of course. \"I work at a cinema, I produce and display films for the masses.\" He smiled. Mitch looked at Cara who smiled and explained. Mitch gave an ah to show he understood before nodding at Emile appreciatively. Moments later the bumpy ride stopped and they turned to the door as Raoul opened it and let them out. Quickly everybody went into the enormous greenhouse, Cara and Mitch looked around in awe at the varied garden before looking at the Sequoia. \"Is that a Sequoia?\" Cara stammered before touching its trunk. \"Indeed, with my experiments I enhanced its growth to a point where it took only a couple of years to reach such a height.\" The Professor explained proudly before leading the group to his lab section and began to unpack and ready his items. Francoeur watched nervously, tapping his fingertips together nervously as he worked, heating and mixing his ingredients. Cara noticed his nervousness and questioned Lucille as to what the Professor was doing. \"The Professor is making a special concoction to allow Francoeur a human diet.\" Lucille explained. Cara looked surprised before turning to watch the professor then looking at Francoeur then smiled, realizing despite the abnormality that this was actually not the strangest to happen. After a few minutes the Professor handed a green vial to Francoeur with a smile. Francoeur chirped in thank then drank the liquid coughing once he followed before his skin turned a light green as he looked sick. \"Do not worry, it is a normal side effect, your diet should be human now but I'd wait several hours before I'd eat if I were you.\" The Professor explained then he began to repack his items and lead everybody to the door. \"How long until you return to Paris?\" Lucille suddenly asked as everyone climbed back into Catherine. Surprised Cara stopped her entrance to the vehicle and turned to the Professor. \"You are leaving?\" she asked, startled. \"Indeed, my potion for Francoeur's diet is complete and I must return to abroad to make his potion for his speech.\" He said before climbing into the truck soon followed by the others.[Chapter 13] The ride was silent until Cara broke it as she questioned the Professor. \"Where will you be going, exactly?\" she asked. \"I will be traveling first to Africa to find a special flower for rapid cell growth, then Nepal for the root of a peculiar tree and then to the Alps, for a special mineral that is too complicated for your vocabulary at the moment.\" The professor explained. Cara sat back in thought as she milled over the given information. \"It sounds like a long trip, but I thought you had already the ingredients Fancoeur would need?\" She asked, also worried about the length of time. \"When the ship sank I lost all my supplies and now I must retrace my steps. It will only be for a few weeks, I have friends who can get me to where I need to be very quickly.\" He assured. \"You do not need to worry I will see you off in time to not only see you on your voyage but for you to experience the voice of Francoeur as a speaker.\" He smiled. Cara smiled, though she did not like the Professor not being in Paris but with what he promised she could only hope he returned soon. Francoeur chirped and began to write on his board before handing it to the Professor. He took the board and read it, after seeing the message he gave Francoeur an understanding smile. \"Of course, I will speak to you before I make my voyage.\" The Professor promised and Francoeur sat back in relief. Everyone was silent after that until they reached the harbor, where the Professors boat was waiting to give him passage. Moments after a quick private conversation with Francoeur he was waving goodbye, Charles with him as his boat drew away from the harbor and towards the south. \"Farewell! I will see you in due time!\" he called before he vanished into the distance. Cara felt uneasy, the Professor was the only bilingual person among them and she realized now she and Mitch were on their own. \"Darn, who'll correct me now\"?\" Mitch grunted. Cara sighed. \"I guess I'll be the one.\" she then smiled at him. \"Heh...you know we could insult them and they'd never know.\" Mitch grinned, showing his darkened teeth. \"Never.\" her tone serious but broke into a smile before they laughed. \"Salut? Avec toi?\" Raoul asked, confused. Cara suddenly remembered they were surrounded before she forced her mind to translate. \"Uhh-we were just talking about a funny joke.\" Cara said, struggling at first from the transition before quickly smoothing out. \"A joke?\" Lucille asked, confused. \"Insults.\" Mitch suddenly said making Cara face palm. \"Yeah, he was making joke about insults in foreign.\" Cara muttered, dragging her palm down her face as she did. Lucille seemed to understand and nodded, explaining rapidly to Raoul who blinked then laughed. \"It's the same both ways.\" he grinned. Mitch needed no translation and blinked as he realized that, earning a laugh from all but him. \"Alright, it's time to head back, Carlotta said she had something prepared for us this evening and I don't want to miss it.\" Raoul said, smiling. \"I hope dinner.\" Mitch grunted then smiled, finally back to his chipper mood. Mitch was correct, it was dinner, an all-out buffet to celebrate Francoeur and Lucille's return to Paris, the formers ordeal having drawn much profit to the L'oiseau Rare. Everybody dressed to impress while Cara wore the dress Mitch had given her, refusing any of Lucille's clothing, despite the urging. \"Wow, it's hard to believe that just a few months ago your careers were in the gutter.\" Raoul grinned as he sipped his wine. \"And thanks to Francoeur it was set right back on track.\" Lucille smiled. \"Excluding his recent misadventure.\" Emile added. \"I think Carlotta would say otherwise.\" Maud pointed out. \"Admittedly, she finds his ordeal a convenience for this establishment but I am only glad we have our Francoeur back.\" Lucille smiled. Francoeur purred grinning happily at the appreciation he was showered in then turned his attention to Cara who was eating slowly and properly as she waited for a moment to speak. Mitch was another story, he gobbled his food but not without etiquette, he made sure to slow down and keep his mouth closed while using his utensils sensibly. \"I need this recipe, Margaret would love recipe at housing.\" Mitch grinned as he smelled a piece of roasted potato sprinkled with bacon and seasonings. \"I'll be sure to ask.\" Lucille laughed and looked at Francoeur who was only staring at the food. \"Now Francoeur, it is time to finally see if the Professor's potion did as it should.\" She smiled. Francoeur suddenly became nervous and looked at her before glancing at Cara who motioned for him to go ahead. \"Just take a bite.\" Cara smiled, gesturing to the variety before them. Francoeur slowly reached and pulled back a potato with his fork before slowly twisting the fork and bringing a small piece of the fluffed vegetable to his lips. Gulping he opened his mouth and dropped in the morsel before pulling out the fork and closing. His jaw moved as he savored the taste as he decided whether or not he liked it before swallowing, looking up as if to decide. Cara felt the tension grow as Francoeur finally looked at them all as they stared expectantly before he smiled and chirped happily. \"To Francoeur!\" Raoul grinned, raising his glass of wine. \"For finally joining us in variety food.\" He grinned before they drank. Francoeur sniffed his wine but did not drink, still unused to such strong food and saw that Cara did not even sip her drink as she smiled at him and nodded approvingly. \"Congratulations, Francoeur.\" She smiled before looking down and returning to her meal. Francoeur smiled before looking at the dishes of food before him before deciding to sample each one as he celebrated his newfound ability of digestion, and apparently appreciation for potatoes. Cara glanced at Francoeur as she ate, a peculiar thought running through her mind as she did. She noticed the way he ate reminded her of a toddler and her uncle combined, controlled but still ravenous with the mild clumsiness of the trained child. She almost laughed as she imagined such a picture, a giant toddler eating with such zest forced her to stop and swallow as she steadied herself before continuing. She wanted to enjoy this meal; she doubted she would get something so succulently wonderful anytime soon once she returned to her humble life. Cara grimaced inwardly as Lucille pushed the dress into her arms. \"Cara, shopping is a female endeavor; one should look forward to such wondrous affairs!\" Lucille begged as she pushed her towards the dressing room. \"Lucille, when you said 'shop for delights' I was hoping French Cuisine.\" Lucille whispered, not wanting to draw attention. \"That too, but first we need to earn it with the movement of dressing, now inside and dress or I will do it myself!\" she grunted, finally shoving Cara into the said room before closing the door. At that moment the store clerk came over uneasily due to the scene she had just witnessed. \"Is everything alright?\" she asked, clasping her hands nervously. \"Oh yes, my friend is just unaccustomed.\" She explained, still holding the door. The clerk looked past Lucille before nodding with a nervous smile and leaving to attend other customers. A moment later there was a knock on the door. \"Once this whole thing is over I will never wear such unbearable clothing again.\" Cara loathed. \"Oh you're dressed! That's good.\" Lucille grinned before opening the door, revealing a very unamused Cara as she walked out, wearing a purple dress that had too many bows and ribbons and a single lawn hat with an absurd amount of feathers. \"Wish to know a perk about dressing? You get to wear what you want and nobody judges.\" Lucille smiled only for a pair of passing customers to guffaw and hurry on their way. \"Gee, you always know what to say.\" Cara said sarcastically, turning and returning to the dressing room as Lucille rubbed her arm apologetically. After many dresses and many stores Cara settled on three strolling coats and a single sundress that she was only convinced to buy because Lucille insisted. Moments later they sat at a café and ordered some traditional French Cuisine. \"I suggest not the snails, even to the French they are disgusting, try the quiche and scones.\" She suggested. \"Snails?\" Cara grimaced. \"Next you'll say you eat frogs and raw meat.\" She grimaced before looking at the menu then quickly putting it down. \"It is repulsive but many other French enjoy Un Bleu and Frog Legs.\" Lucille admitted warningly. \"I am very sorry, I didn't mean to insult.\" Cara stammered only for Lucille to hold up a hand then grin. \"Yes but I believe those meals are disgusting too, such as your oily chicken and coleslaw.\" Lucille grinned. Cara stared in surprise, her mouth still open before she shut it and broke into a grin. \"I despise those as well, cultures are very strange despite their civility.\" She laughed. \"Agreed.\" Lucille smiled before joining her. Mitch sat in his room, he decided to explore Paris alone that day and sit in a public park to read a novel as he relaxed. \"'I cannot give you any credit for any philosophy of the kind…'\" Mitch muttered as he read, unaware at the form that sat beside him and looked at the pages as he did. After several minutes Mitch finally sensed he was not alone and glanced over only to snap his book closed in his surprise. \"Oh! Francouer! Don' sneak up on me again!\" he panted before the confused look he earned made him realize his mistake. \"Oh right, you speak no English uhh-I reading and you startle me.\" He explained. Francoeur seemed to understand nodded before pointing at the book and tapping its cover. Mitch looked down at it before pointing at the book. \"You wish to know of my book?\" he asked in French. Francoeur chirped and nodded, glad he was understood. \"It is called Pride and Prejudice.\" He explained, frowning as he recollected the proper translation. Francoeur chirped then pulled out the chalkboard hanging from around his neck and writing with an excess piece of chalk while the confused man waited. Francoeur finished quickly and handed the board over and Mitch scrunched his brows as he deciphered the message. \"You want know…the contents?\" he asked, confused before realizing. \"You wish to know the story.\" He said, clarifying it before earning a nod. \"Right…the story is…uh about a girl who…a boy becomes infatuated with.\" He explained, trying to remember his vocabulary but failing to come up the word for 'love'. Francoeur chirped and motioned for him to continue as he waited when Mitch paused to ensure he was understood. \"She did not care, at first, she came to care, once she learned more of him.\" He said, knitting his brows in concentration. Francoeur chirped quizzically before writing and handing it to Mitch. Mitch took the board and looked at it before understanding almost immediately. \"Uh I think there is a copy for it in French, ask a friend.\" He suggested, handing the board back. Francoeur chirped in thanks before hurrying away, leaving Mitch alone before the man shrugged and reopened his book. He licked his fingers to page through it before coming to his last place and sitting back to continue his reading. Francoeur walked towards the L'oiseau Rare nervously as he contemplated his question before stopping as he realized he almost crashed into Raoul. \"Oh hello Francoeur, I'm just doing my rounds.\" Raoul explained as he opened the back of his truck. \"Ever since Lucille and I got together my business has been booming and Carlotta does enjoy wine at her club.\" He grunted as he pulled the last box of champagne from his truck and halfway bring it to the door only for Francoeur to take it before handing over his plaque to Raoul. Raoul looked at it before he grinned. \"Oh you want to read Pride and Prejudice? Oh sure I don't have it on me but I'm sure Emile has it in his own personal library at the cinema where he works.\" He explained a she lead Francoeur inside and directed him where to put the crate. Once his task was finished Francoeur nodded his thanks to Raoul before leaving, letting Raoul to finish his task. Francoeur took the path he knew shortest to Emile's, without leaping, and was soon standing in front of the cinema before walking to the teller booth and met Maude. \"Oh Francoeur, are you here to see Emile's latest?\" she asked, ready to pull a ticket for him. Francoeur shook his head and showed her his plaque and pointed at it. Maude read it before clasping her hands together as she understood. \"Oh, well I'm sure Emile has it in his rolls of film somewhere and business has been rather slow today, it is Tuesday.\" She smiled before gesturing for him to go in. \"Ask him for it, but make sure not to scare him, he might be startled easily in those dark rooms.\" She explained before Francoeur made a chirp in thanks and with a tip of his hat he went in. Francoeur wandered through the halls before he came to a room that was labeled employees only and knocked, hoping Emile was inside. \"Huh? Oh yes, come in!\" he heard Emile call before he opened the door as Emile finished putting away a roll of film only for it to fall and knock over the whole pile. \"Oh I-I'll clean that up.\" He stammered before turning to Francoeur. \"Ahem, how may I help you Francoeur?\" he asked before Francoeur pointed to his plaque. Emile turned on the overhead light before reading it and smiling before he nodded. \"Oh, sure, I can play that one, besides it's been so slow I was about ready to close up for the day.\" He explained before going to his many canisters and pulling out one. \"Go ahead into the auditorium; I'll set things up for you here.\" Emile said before Francoeur chirped in thanks and left to do as instructed. Francoeur took a seat in the middle, where he knew the view to be the best before watching as the time lapse rolled and the film began. Cara sighed in relief as she sat on the fluffy chair provided in her room, staring at the many parcels of clothing Lucille had bought for her. After they had eaten Lucille continued their shopping spree and she ended up with new shoes, new hats, new dresses, gloves, sewing materials, fans, and other items she couldn't quite pronounce. She sighed and leaned her head back only for a knock on the door to disrupt her moment and she stood and went and opened it to reveal Lucille, with even more parcels as she hurried in. \"I almost forgot, I wanted to give these to you earlier but since you have new items anyway I decided to allow you these.\" She smiled before adding them to the pile. \"Enjoy.\" She smiled before Cara closed the door behind her and looked at the pile and groaned. \"At least I cannot say I have no proper wear.\" She attempted to ease herself before sitting back in her chair and looked at the pile. \"Dinner should be ready shortly…Lucille is sure to be insulted is I do not wear one of these new outfits.\" she thought out loud before going to the pile and looking through them. \"I can only hope I do not make a fool out of myself.\" She sighed.[Chapter 14] Francoeur sniffed the air and licked his lips, his newly acquired taste in human food has made him open to the scents as well. He smelled pork; he could tell it was stuffed due to the spices and the scent of stuffing. Along with it he smelled fried sugars, and fruit, meaning possibly a side of fried fruit or fruit sauce for a special dish. Scanning again he smelled the warm crusty scent of breads and the scent of masterfully prepared and varied potatoes, his favorite. Sticking his nose up again he smelled something different, he recognized it as creamy due to Lucille's desire to drink milk to soothe her throat. Unsure of what a dish that could be he clasped his fingers together and waited, hoping it would be a delight. \"Oh! You look lovely Cara!\" Lucille burst out, grinning from ear to ear. Francoeur turned and froze in surprise; Cara was wearing a light blue dress with a simple five button line down the square front and lacy wrists. What surprised him was not her hair, it was in a new pattern he had not seen her wear before. Her hair was wavy, no doubt from the constant braid she wore and hung loosely upon her shoulders. What gave him a shock was he recognized the dress, Lucille had worn it before several times. He glanced at Lucille and saw her grin lessen slightly but she continued none the less. \"How lovely, Cara, but why did you not choose one of the newer ones? Were they not to your liking?\" she asked. Cara seemed confused and frowned as she deciphered the message. \"Clothes…were fine, I just picked out a random dress.\" She said slowly, still trying to find the right words before nodding and sitting down, a slight burn in her cheeks from her blunder. Francoeur just stared at her before tearing himself away as the dishes of food were brought in. Francoeur noticed one of the dishes resembled a bigger form of the pot he used to make his crimson meal from but with two looped handles. Sniffing he could smell that strange creamy scent that came from within and found it was indeed a delight. Licking his lips he grinned at Cara and pointed at the pot gleefully. Cara looked at it then leaned forward and sniffed before smiling and nodding towards him. He could tell she enjoyed it as much as he did. He turned to see Raoul licking his lips and rubbing his hands together in anticipation, along with Mitch, who sat across from him. Francoeur waited until Carlotta announced Dinner was served before everybody began to serve themselves. Out of curiosity and desire Francoeur opened the pot, lifting its lid carefully and was stunned as a poof of steam came rising out of it. Cara noticed his surprise and smiled, she seemed to enjoy his wonder as he glanced back at her, his lips drawn into a favorable grin. \"Go ahead, try it.\" She urged. Francoeur removed the lid entirely and lay it on the table before he began to reach his fork in, only for Cara to stop his hand by grabbing his wrist, startling him. \"OH, do not do that, use ladle.\" Cara said, quickly letting go of his arm and motioning to the long utensil hanging from the side of the pot. Confused Francoeur drew back his hand before reaching tentatively for the device; glancing around him as he did and realized everybody was watching him. Many of his friends made motions by reaching out then diving and twisting their wrists that confused him. He looked at Cara who only urged him to continue and he turned back to his task and gripped the strange metal rod. He pulled it from its place and held it up before looking at Cara who motioned to the pot. \"Scoop.\" Frowning Francoeur looked at the 'ladle' then lowered the looped side into the pot and raised it, expecting to see beans or perhaps more potatoes. He was surprised to see something similar to his original meal in the pot but it was a pale yellow in color. It was flecked with spices and had several odd looking lumps, all that fell back in as Francoeur raised the listed ladle. Again Cara gripped his wrist but trailed her fingers over his and twisted, leveling the scoop and lowering it before bringing it back up, full and ready for serving. \"Careful, do not spill.\" Cara eased as she moved his hand to hover the scoop over his bowl before tipping it, letting its items slop gently into the raised saucer. Cara then moved his hand back over the pot and made him release the ladle, letting its hooked end hang over the rim while its scoop remained within. Francoeur purred excitedly before looking puzzled and sniffing the meal, wondering what it was. \"Soup.\" Mitch grunted. Francoeur looked up at him, puzzled. \"Soup.\" Lucille piped in. \"A mixture of spices and chopped ingredients, all cooked in a liquid filled vat for eating.\" Raoul explained. \"Try.\" Cara smiled, getting a scoop of it herself and picking up a spoon before carefully using it to scoop out a lump and hold it up. Francoeur watched her motions carefully before looking at the table, finding the spoon and picking it up. He looked at Cara and held the spoon as she did before scooping it as she did and hovering it by his face. \"Hot, blow.\" Cara said, lightly blowing air across it before putting the spoonful into her mouth. Francoeur understood and let out a soft whistling puff of air before popping it into his mouth. Instantly a mixture of delectable and wondrous tastes bounced around his mouth as he chewed what could be chewed before swallowing. He purred in satisfaction, his eyes closed as he savored the wonderful taste before taking another spoonful. \"I think he likes it.\" Emile whispered towards Maude who giggled and continued to eat. Cara smiled before taking another bite of her potato soup and savoring the taste. She enjoyed how Francouer found delight in every little thing new to him, the creamy potato soup for this occasion. As she watched him she couldn't help but notice he continued to glance at her every so often. She scanned around the table and noticed nobody else seemed to look except for the occasional look from Lucille and Maude. They gave knowing smiles before resuming their tasks. Cara thought of a possible reason but shook her head; it could not possibly be the reason so she shunned it immediately. She thought of a more logical reason, instead of her prior thought perhaps he was…drawn to her? Like a pup is to his master, indeed she had shown him kindness and affection, but for some reason that reason did not sit well with her. She finally came to the conclusion he was more like a child rather than a pup. Deciding that was it she let the rest of the pieces fall into place. So he was drawn to her, but because she was kind, perhaps it was the same way she admired her father. She smiled at that thought and decided it was the reason until something else was proven and with that thought she continued to eat. Francoeur was at the public library, thumbing through several books on the subject known as 'Love'. Ever since he watched that movie he couldn't help but be curious about it, and he still wondered why Lucille often remarked about it between he and Cara. He was smart enough to know he harbored affection, as Lucille had said he was 'smitten', but it did not point towards Love. From his readings Love was undefinable, only recognized truly when one has felt it, and when the other has felt it as well. Scowling Francoeur put the book back and looked to another. Though he was indeed not an expert on the subject the many stories he was reading did not point towards Love either, despite their mentions of it. He pulled another book out and paged through it, still trying to find a definition of the elusive description that he could possibly use to help him know Love. He read about several different types of Love, Puppy Love, Romantic Love, Family Love, Obsessive Love, and etc. Despite all this each one he read seemed to contradict another and only left him baffled. Sighing he decided there was only one definable thing each had in common, a desire to put another before themselves. He frowned and thought about it, it was in his nature to protect friends if they were in danger. He didn't understand why it meant Love, which is described as elusive and rare. Sighing he rubbed his head, which was beginning to hurt. For some reason he couldn't stop pondering this subject, he read he was 'overthinking' but couldn't stop pursuing it. For a moment he wondered if he had become obsessed when he realized all he needed to do was focus on something else. To focus he sat and closed his eyes, wondering what he could possibly think about that could remove this developing obsession out of his mind. After a moment he remembered his request for the Professor, he wasn't sure why he made it but he assumed it would bring better things his way, hopefully. He thought of something else, he remembered Cara's smiles every time she saw something new or learned something new. Smiling at that he thought of something else, already his head was feeling better. He remembered how Cara had labored over learning French but still had difficulty, and when the Professor left she and Mitch were left to decipher everything on their own. For some reason he did not feel bad, Cara had learned well and was doing well, her mistakes were just that, and she was learning from them. Francoeur continued his random train of thought until his prior state of mind was nothing more than a memory, but one thought still plagued him. Why did this subject plague him so much? He decided to quit the subject until he understood it better, and researching it was doing him nothing but give him more riddles than he could manage. With that he left the library and went on a walk. Maybe once he figured out why when it came to him rather than chasing it would give him better results. Mitch coughed before pulling out a cigarette, he lit it and placed it in his mouth before taking a refreshing puff. He had finished his book and was now just enjoying his time in the park, watching people enjoy their free time and exercise. Once he watched some people practicing something he was told called 'Tai Chi'. Just watching it made his bones ache and he moved to another bench to avoid it. As he walked he coughed again, hacking up until he was forced to pull out his hankie and cover his mouth. He grunted then spotted a bench before sitting down and breathing, a slight strain and wheeze until he regained his breath. He leaned his head back and sighed; he hated old age and wished these coughs would just go away. \"Oh Tricia, if only you'd seen what became of me.\" He moaned. After a moment he fell into a fit of coughing again, using the dirty hankie until it ended. \"Bah, I must be coming down, better go t'the Doc.\" He muttered then stuck his cigarette back into his mouth and stood, hurrying along. Raoul coughed repeatedly as he skidded to a stop in front of Emile's theater. \"They should consider *cough* cleaning up all this dirt.\" He muttered before getting out, film in hand before strolling up to Maude. \"Oh, hello Raoul.\" Maude smiled, lightly spritzing her fake orchid with perfume. \"Hey Maude, still wearing Eggplant? Ahem anyways here's that film Emile wanted.\" He said, handing her the film. \"I was told it was Violet but I can't be sure.\" She said scrutinizing her apparel. Raoul continued to hold out the film until Maude realized she was making him wait. \"Oh, I'm sorry!\" she spluttered and took it from him. \"By the way, how is that invention for the procession coming along?\" she asked. \"I'm glad you asked! I've been waiting for that question all day…ahem anyways I have everything but the glitter correct, apparently every time I get the glitter to come out it goes nuts and sprinkled a little too much or a little too little.\" He elucidated extravagantly, leaving Maude to just smile and nod. At that moment there was a beep and Raoul looked at his watch. \"Oops I'm late, I have to deliver some more sod to Miss Green, tell Emile I said hi!\" he called as he hurried to his truck and sped off. Maude just waved and looked at the film, smiling at it knowing Emile had not ordered it, she had. \"This will be quite the surprise.\" She smiled. Lucille swept through Cara's items like crazy, not caring that Cara paid no heed as she stitched her newest modifications into Lucille's old dresses. \"What was I thinking? Surely I should have known you would have picked one of my old dresses instead of a new one! Oh but that will not be an issue anymore.\" Lucille puffed, finally finished at separating out Cara's clothes into three piles. One pile was Cara's old clothes, one pile was Lucille's old clothes, and the last was her new clothes. She muttered to herself angrily for the blunder she could have prevented while Cara simply ignored her. Cara was finished making her preferred adjustments to the blue dress and smiled as she held up the wear in front of her. It was now no longer a dress, rather a more comfortable and more manageable blouse with a vest and high top slacks. \"There, now that you- Oh my!\" Lucille spluttered, finally seeing Cara's amendments. \"Wh-what have you done to that?! It looks wonderful!\" she breathed, admiring the wear in awe. Cara looked surprised before finally rolling her eyes, Lucille had been in here for more than an hour and had barely even noticed Cara's lack of attention. \"A little something I picked up from home, I had no mother and even the few women in my life preferred the more male attire, with feminine twists of course.\" Cara explained. Lucille looked at the dress and smiled at Cara. \"I admit you would rarely find me in such attire, but I find it very appealing, I enjoy how it expresses curves without seeming too blatant or suggestive.\" She mused. \"Indeed, what is the use of a comfortable appealing design if it ruins a woman's dignity?\" she smiled. Lucille nodded as she inspected the outfit before motioning to some of the stitches. \"Though the wear looks delightful I'm worried about these stitches, I'm sorry to say that they could have been done a little better.\" Lucille admitted, motioning to the slight unevenness and largeness. Cara inspected it before shrugging. \"I can amend that later, but now there won't be such a shock in others seeing me wear your old dress.\" Cara said, smiling. Lucille cocked an eyebrow, suddenly curious at the revelation she came upon. \"Do you intend to modify ALL of your new dresses or only some?\" she questioned. Cara only grinned. Back at the L'oiseau Rare Francoeur was decided, despite his emotions towards Cara it was not Love he felt, rather affection. Lucille had been correct to say he was smitten, but not as close as she and Raoul were, that was plain to see. As he thought he wondered what Cara felt towards him. Despite all the knowledge he had gained from the subject her opinion still eluded him. Some instances referred towards affections, others towards neutrality. He decided to start from the beginning, comparing to how he first knew her to how she acted now. He recollected her displeasure to being touched, then he thought about how when she had first brought him home she practically threw him on the bed then how she became more careful later on. Now she often touched him, for comfort and direction when before she would either slap him or give him a simple motion. He thought about how she seemed to smile more often and then about the pains she went through to give him what he needed. As he compared and contrasted he knew she was affectionate toward him, but affection can be for another reason other than being 'smitten'. Perhaps she considered him a close friend or was now comfortable around him now that she knew him better. He refused to consider her actions selfish and pondered at her reasons. Finally he gave up, unable to settle on an adequate answer and decided he would converse with her to settle the matter. He knew he could not ask her directly, questions like that were often seen as intrusive and he's seen what happened when she felt intruded. He decided to go for a walk to think some more when he heard his name called. \"Francoeur? Are you going walk?\" Cara asked, appearing behind him. He turned; surprised she had appeared at that moment, and even more so as he realized she was still wearing Lucille's dress. This time the dress was modified, no more skirts but a pair of slacks and a low cut vest to give it a more formal appearance. Slowly he nodded, he was more surprised not that she was wearing Lucille's old clothing but rather because she was changing it and making it her own. He was also surprised to find he enjoyed this look, it fit Cara perfectly. \"Can I join?\" she asked. Francoeur was surprised yet again but he found himself nodding again, a bright smile on his face. Cara smiled and pulled on a coat, he could tell it was made from her skirts and matched her apparel perfectly. \"Let us leave?\" she asked, smiling knowingly. Francoeur chirped; it was a joke Mitch had spoken of earlier. After speaking that same phrase he chomped down on a large lettuce leave and chewed on it with a comic expression. Cara had to explain it to them since lettuce in their language did not rhyme with 'let us leave'. Francouer purred in amusement before opening the door for her, and motioning for her to exit first. \"Quite the gentleman.\" She grinned before exiting. Francoeur purred again and followed after her. A few minutes into the walk Francoeur noticed Cara was very nearly touching him as she gazed around at the scenery of the evening city. It was only when her elbow brushed against his she took notice and swayed away. Francoeur scowled; did this mean she was neutral? He could not tell but he did notice she was once again almost touching him. \"It's so nice here.\" Cara finally said, interrupting Francoeur's train of thought. Francoeur chirped in agreement before falling back into silence, he didn't know what to write. Cara turned and smiled at him, not seeming to care her arm was brushing against his. Francoeur felt a small knot in his throat and suddenly wondered if he drank enough water. \"What are your thoughts?\" she asked. Francoeur took a thoughtful visage before pulling out his board and scribbling onto it before handing it to her. She took it and began to read it. I find it's nicer with you Cara smiled, a small blush coming to her cheeks. Francoeur almost missed it but a passing car illuminated her face, allowing him to see. \"That is very sweet.\" She smiled before handing it back, a tender look on her face. Francoeur purred and took it, lightly brushing her fingers with his by mistake and hung it about his neck. After that they continued their walk and soon returned home, their cycle of nearness and brushes continuing all the while. Back at L'oiseau Rare Francoeur opened the door for her, letting her blush again. The moment they entered Lucille rushed up to them, a pained look on her face. \"Lucille? What is wrong?\" Cara asked, concerned. \"It's Mitch, he's in the hospital!\"[Chapter 15] Cara's eyes widened in horror before she regained her senses and began to question Lucille. \"Wh-what happened? Is he alright?\" she asked, frantic. \"I got the call just moments ago.\" Lucille explained. Suddenly Raoul and Emile hurried in, both out of sorts. \"We came as soon as you called, what is the emergency?\" Raoul panted. \"We'll explain on the way, hurry, take us to the hospital!\" Cara said, pushing them towards the door, her face pale in fear. Francoeur chirped and opened the door, letting everybody make a hasty exit. Everyone piled into the truck, Emile, Maude, and Raoul sat in the front while Lucille, Cara, and Francoeur sat in the back. \"Did they say anything else? Was it his cough? Is it Tuberculosis?\" she asked, pale with fright. \"He must have been coherent if they were able to get a hold of me. I'm sure he just had a minor accident and needs us to pick him up.\" Lucille tried to ease. Cara shook for a moment then nodded once the words sank in. \"Yes, you're right. He okay.\" Cara said, slipping slightly as she tried to calm herself while speaking French. Lucille and Francoeur exchanged nervous looks before Lucille clasped Cara's hand and patted it softly. Francoeur took her shoulders in his hands and patted them as well, wanting to give his comfort too. After a moment Cara calmed and managed to give a weak smile to her two friends. \"Thank you.\" She said, smiling. Lucille simply nodded while Francoeur purred. At that moment Raoul stopped the truck and within moments opened the doors for them to exit. \"We're here, ladies first.\" He said, a slight worried hint to his tone. \"I'm sure he's fine, he's only been gone a few hours.\" Lucille said. \"Right, right, he could be at the hospital for no reason.\" Raoul tried unsuccessfully to consider. \"Oh dear, I hope he is alright, he has been coughing a lot lately.\" Maude worried as they walked into the entrance. \"Maybe it's from his smoking; new studies have said it can cause some harmful effects.\" Emile added. Approaching the desk Raoul went ahead and rang the bell, gaining the secretary who was stationed there. \"Hey, how you doin', we're friends of one of your patients, Mitch is his name? We just wanted to know-\" \"Enter that room.\" She said, pointing to a door. \"Thank you.\" Cara said and hurried through, coming into a large room with several beds and many patients. She looked about until she spotted the familiar figure of Mitch lying comfortably on one of the beds. Immediately she took notice he had a bandage on his arm and was dressed in a hospital gown. Hurrying to his side she crouched over him, wondering if he was conscious or not. \"MMmmm damn docs…\" he muttered, scrunching his brows before opening his eyes to glare at Cara before they widened in shock. \"Cara! Gee I'm glad t'see you darling!\" he laughed, sitting up before coughing and lying back down, holding part of the sheet to his mouth. \"Dang it Mitch, the Professor's only been gone a day and you've already met the doc!\" she sighed, sitting on a stool nearby. \"Don' blame me! I just noticed I was coughin' too much an' they dragged me int'a bed!\" he defended then began coughing loudly into his sheet. \"Cara, excuseme?\" Lucille asked, not understanding anything due to it all being in English. Suddenly remembering Cara forced her mind to translate and she began to speak. \"Oh uhh…-Mitch is fine, he said he was just coughing and they brought him in here.\" \"Really?\" Raoul asked, a relieved look on his face. Mitch caught on and began to speak for himself. \"Came for cough, doctors not let go.\" He grunted then coughed into the blanket again. \"Just got much air.\" He muttered. At that moment the doctor arrived and began to speak to Lucille. \"Madame Lucille? Do you know this man?\" he asked, motioning towards Mitch as he coughed into the blanket, looked at it then folded it down in disgust. \"Yes, he is a friend from America.\" Lucille explained then motioned to Cara. \"She is his closest family, if it is a personal matter you should consult her.\" The doctor nodded then moved to Cara, adjusting his glasses before speaking. \"Miss Cara?\" he asked, Cara nodded, signifying she understood. \"Yes?\" The doctor looked at his charts before he began to speak. \"Today Mr. Mitch walked in with a severe cough, we examined him and found he has a simple case of Tar build up. We are sure he will be alright but should stay away from smoking for a few days.\" He explained, motioning to Mitch as a nurse handed him a rag before rolling away the stained blanket and rushing it off. Cara frowned, tar build up was common in her city, people just dealt with it by coughing it up into rags or spitting it out. It was a disgusting thing to witness and she didn't like that Mitch was going to be doing it. \"Madame? Do you understand?\" he asked. Returning to the present Cara nodded towards him then motioned to Mitch. \"Can he leave now? He is not comfortable in hospitals.\" Cara explained. The doctor seemed mildly surprised she was so fluent but nodded. \"Yes, he may leave.\" With that Mitch jumped out of bed and began to put on his coat. \"Good! Hospitals poor.\" Mitch grunted and began to stalk out, taking his shoes and other clothing with him. Cara face palmed before hurrying after him, calling to him in English. \"Mitch! At least put some pants on!\" she shouted, the other sharing a mixture of surprise and amusement before they took off after them. Once Cara had convinced Mitch to put his pants and shoes on he pulled off his sleeping gown and tossed it in a dirty clothes basket. \"Raggedy things; coulda just gotten a quick scan an' left.\" He muttered before pulling on his shirt then his coat as he exited. \"Hospitals are for HEALING, Mitch, why are you so fed up with them for?\" she asked, crossing her arms before helping him into the truck. \"They tried stickin' me with'a NEEDLE!\" he spat, motioning to the bandage on his arm before he began to cough and pulled out his hankie to cover his mouth. Cara rolled her eyes, Mitch had to be so overdramatic, but he was her uncle, she could at least try to understand. \"Right, okay, so you don't like Hospitals, or needles, I get it.\" She tried, but burst out laughing in the end. Mitch grunted irritably as Francoeur sat beside him before the door closed and Raoul began to drive. \"Yeah, yeah, Big Six Mitch is scared of a wee liddle needle, now dry up, I've had an earful.\" He grouched, slouching in his seat as Cara giggled. After a moment Mitch pulled out a cigarette and tried to light in when Cara snatched it from him. \"Hey! Give me back my ciggy!\" he snapped then coughed again. \"Docs orders, no if, and, whose, or butts for a few days.\" Cara said, holding out a hand for his cigarette case and lighter. Mitch growled at her. \"I ain't no sissy! An' I ain't needin' no fire extinguishin' wet blanket Jane-!\" \"Give.\" Cara snapped, snatching both items out of his hands and stuffing them into her own pockets. Immediately Mitch began to spout obscenities, all of which she was glad none of their French friends understood. They watched throughout the ride until they came to L'oiseau Rare and until he stomped to his room and slammed the door. Even with it closed it took him a few moments to calm down and stop cursing before he came back out. \"Just one?\" he begged. \"Nope.\" Mitch muttered under his breath before closing the door, leaving them to speak in peace. \"-Wow…I didn't know English curses were so…varied.\" Emile whispered to Maude. \"Mitch is known for his bad mouth, other than a few tastes and qualities Mitch is near opposite of what my father was.\" Cara explained. \"My Aunt Carlotta would have stuffed soap into his mouth if she ever caught him speaking like that in front of her. She did it to me once when I said a curse word when I was little.\" Lucille said, shocked but mildly amused at the same time. \"Same here, my father never tolerated it.\" She smiled then both women giggled. Raoul and Emile glanced at each other as Maude smiled and Francoeur grinned, even though he didn't quite understand what was so funny. \"Well now that we know Mitch just needs a few days away from the packs maybe I should get back to my deliveries.\" Raoul said before darting away. \"Wait! We need a ride back!\" Emile called, Maude following after him. \"Well I'm certainly glad Mitch is alright.\" Cara sighed. \"Yes, that was quite the event.\" Lucille sighed before walking towards her room, Cara walking beside her. \"I'm so glad things like that don't happen so often.\" She sighed, entering her room and removing her shoes. \"I only wish, back at home it seems every other week somebody is sent to the hospital in the factory.\" Cara sighed, leaning on the door frame. Francoeur stood by Cara, listening to the conversation with zest. \"Francouer, can you get me my costume? We only have 20 minutes until our Evening show.\" He chirped and nodded before going to her closet and finding her costume, draping it over her chair before exiting. Cara realized it was late and checked a nearby grandfather clock. \"Oh, I didn't realize it was that late already!\" she stammered then began to close Lucille's door. \"Good luck!\" she managed out before hurrying to her room. Though Cara found the skirts annoying and the fabric stiff she endured as she watched Francoeur and Lucille perform. During her short stay in Paris Lucille had never seen the performance of The Angel of Paris and Francoeur. Tonight she smiled up at the stage as both performers sang in harmony. She sighed and lay her head on both hands, letting herself be lulled by the melody and entranced by the lyrics. Mitch sat beside her, still dressed in his original outfit, which he had tidied up upon Cara's request. He made small harrumphs to hide his cough as he watched the flea and the Angel sing a duet. First Lucille sang then Francoeur would sing another few stanzas, it continued that way for a while until Cara realized she knew the song. '-we took away!\" Lucille sang. \"We will be saved!\" Francoeur followed after. \"Learning to forgive, upon the briiidge!\" they sang together before coming to into the end chorus. \"Here we arrrree the Siene and I!\" the repeated over and over until the music ended and they both bowed. Cara smiled, it was the same song Francoeur had sung when he was first brought to her room, the song she passed out to when she realized he sang. \"So lovely.\" She murmured to herself then smiled sweetly. Even Mitch was smiling, having turned to chewing fat for the moment to satiate his urge to smoke. Once their opening duet was sung Francoeur stayed upon stage as Lucille made an announcement. \"Ladies and Gentlemen! I now give you Francoeur with his newest melody!\" she called clapping with everybody else as she exited the stage and the spotlight turned to Francoeur. For a moment he looked nervous and glanced offstage then at Cara. Noticing him Cara smiled and made a silent applause to give him support. Francoeur took a breath before he began to strum his guitar. I was alone, nobody who would care A moment of song and you were there You gave me your hand, you gave me a name And with your blessing I became Someone worth the while, someone who can smile I can be free, no longer just a flea A mother hen you were to me You opened my eyes and helped me see Your heart strong and your eyes kind These will be the ties that bind I went abroad, to the new world The sights the sounds, they all swirled The cycle began just as before A monster seen on a new shore I ran I hid, I was afraid But was saved by she with a braid Her kindness and her generosity Same as you but different, see Her heart strong her eyes kind These will be the ties that bind Her sacrifice and her strife Putting herself between the knife My lovely defender my sweet beauty Her strong will, it saved me I hope forever more To behold her grace as before Like you but differently My eyes wide open I see Her heart strong her eyes kind These will be the ties that bind He finished with a gentle strumming and smiled at the audience who applauded, having enjoyed the melody. Meanwhile in the best seat Mitch glanced over to Cara who smiled sweetly. \"That was a lovely tale of friendship.\" she whispered, a tender smile on her face. Francoeur looked up to her, their eyes locking for several moments before he purred, making his signature smile before stepping off of the stage. Mitch grunted, before stepping down and out of the room to go to the bathroom, chewing on a lozenge as he went. He muttered to himself before breaking into heaving coughing into his soiled rag. \"Someday…someday.\" The next morning there was a small wisp of snow and the next a storm. Luckily Lucille had planned for such an event and they spent the storm playing games and bonding over warm meals and stories. \"-Once the second bag landed I peeked around Catherine, searching for the first when- POW! The thief landed straight on his face! A bag of peat on his head!\" Raoul laughed. \"Thanks to him my Camera was retrieved, I've been using it ever since.\" Emile smiled. \"Say Cara, what stories do you have?\" Raoul asked, turning to Cara as she face palmed when Mitch downed his latest cup of coffee. \"Oh I have few stories, Mitch however knows a few.\" She said, motioning to him as he peeked into his empty cup to be sure. When he didn't take notice she elbowed him slightly, earning his attention. \"Huh? Oh right…uhh I have one,-\" he said, setting down the cup of coffee before rubbing his hands together in glee. \"You see when my brother and I were young-\" \"Oh I know where this is going, no, just…no.\" Cara said, standing, a deep blush in her cheeks. \"What? What is he going to say?\" Lucille asked, sipping her cocoa. \"Well it was around that age we-\" \"No!\" Cara snapped before calming herself as she made a scene. She sat and cleared her throat. \"I am just going to say…no, you do Not want to hear that story.\" She sighed. Everybody glanced at each other before shrugging, deciding to move on. \"Say, doesn't it sound quiet out there?\" Raoul asked. Everybody stood and went to the windows before peeking out. The snow glistened as the sun peeked through the breaking clouds, only a mild breeze blew, adding to the peace of the landscape. \"Well I know what to do.\" Raoul grinned. \"It's time for some last winter recreation!\" he laughed before running out into the snow.[Chapter 16] Out in the snow everybody laughed and played, rolling about or just acting silly as they enjoyed the peace. Raoul made snowballs before Mitch and Lucille pummeled him with a barrage, only pausing when Mitch coughed. Soon Raoul resembled a lanky snowman and Lucille laughed with everybody as Raoul shook himself out of it. Cara giggled but did not join, she wanted to stand by Francoeur as he watched the fun before he motioned towards the bridge. Seeing his message wasn't received he wrote on his slate and handed it to Cara. Do you wish to walk above the Siene? Cara read it and smiled, nodding eagerly at the offer. Soon both of them were walking side by side towards the bridge. Cara shivered and rubbed her arms to ward off the cold. Despite the freezing temperatures she felt warm inside and loved the view of Paris as it shimmered in a milky glaze. Francoeur chirped before handing her his scarf, wrapping it carefully over her and she smiled at him, she enjoyed how courteous he was. At that moment they locked eyes and stared at one another as they approached the center of the bridge. Gradually they came to a stop as they lost focus on their steps. Cara couldn't help being transfixed by Francoeur's eyes, the way the light lit up the red and gold of his eyes. She stood frozen in the moment when suddenly he was gone and she was on the ground. Blinking in shock she watched to see Francoeur vanish behind a swerving truck, that's when reality came back. \"Francoeur!\" she screeched, watching the scene play as the truck slammed into Francoeur, knocking him over the side of the bridge and onto the ice. The truck skidded to a stop beside the Siene and a man leapt out, frazzled and frightened at what had happened. He was nothing compared to Cara who slipped and slided down the bridge and to the side of the partially frozen river. \"FRANCOEUR!\" Cara screamed, calling to the motionless figure on the crackling ice. Lucille puffed as she and the others rushed to the scene and Mitch gripped Cara as she shook. \"Wh-what happened?!\" Raoul panted, shaking with fright. \"Car! He pushed me out way!\" Cara sobbed, looking helplessly as Francoeur lay upon the breaking ice, still as a stiff. Mitch scowled, looking about before he called out to the gathering crowd. \"Rope! Need Rope!\" he cried. Cara wheezed, working herself into a frenzy as she hyperventilated before she stopped. Her eyes focused as she saw Francoeur begin to stir, and at that moment she knew what she had to do. Mitch turned in time to see Cara bolt forward and slid across the ice towards Francoeur. \"CARA!\" he cried, horrified now that there were two upon the ice. Every one of her friends began to call her name but she didn't answer, she remained focused. First she slipped off her coat, she then took off her shoes and vest before she began to army crawl towards Francoeur as he slowly lifted his head, a bleary expression on his face. \"Francoeur, don't move.\" Cara said calmly, the sensation of the crackling ice making her well aware of the danger she had placed herself in. Francoeur chirped in confusion and began to sit up when Cara motioned for him to stay down. \"No! No move!\" she cried. Francoeur blinked only to look down as the ice below him crackled under the strain and he slowly lowered himself, suddenly frightened at his predicament. Cara didn't relax for a second; she motioned for him to move towards her carefully. With her instructions he army crawled towards her, a few desperate yards separating them from each other. \"Careful, easy, safe soon.\" She eased, reaching towards him as he approached arm length. Fate was fickle and at that moment the ice decided to break, plunging Francoeur into a swirl of icy cold water. Cara lunged forward and gripped his hand, breaking the edges of the ice as she hung precariously onto the edge with one hand. \"FRANCOEUR!\" she screamed, feeling his grip slacken for a moment as the cold began to overwhelm him. With every sinew of muscle she forced herself back onto more stable ice, breaking shelves of it as she tried to pull him out of the depths. Seconds later Francoeur burst from the frigid water, his hat gone, his eyes wide with fear and cold. Cara gritted her teeth as she slid herself back more, landing on a thicker piece of ice and stabilizing her weight before grabbing his other arm. \"It will be alright, we will be safe.\" She panted, focusing as she tried to think of anything she could do that would pull Francoeur out and back to land. At that moment a rope landed beside her and she gaped at it before looking behind her. Mitch and the others were holding onto the other end, calling for her to wrap herself in it. She obeyed, maneuvering her elbow, as she was unwilling to relinquish any hold she had on Francoeur as she tried to wrap it around herself. After realizing her plan would not work she reluctantly released one hand to wrap it around her shoulder. She then re-gripped his arm and repeated the same to her other side, tightening it before resuming her previous hold. \"Ready Frank?\" she smiled, relieved to know within moments he would be safe and cozy by the fire. Francoeur nodded, still frightened but he put on a brave smile just for her. She then felt a tug as they began to pull the rope and begin to move back towards the shore, with Francoeur in tow. Sadly fate decided to intervene, at that moment the ice beneath Cara cracked then shattered, leaving a precariously dangerous edge that Cara was dragged upon. All too late she realized this as a piercing pain burned through her abdomen. Mitch called for everybody to stop once Cara let out her agonized wail before laying her head upon the ice. He saw Francoeur's eyes widened in horror and made a frightened call towards the shore. Mitch knew what happened before anyone and any sense he had left vanished as he thundered over the ice. It crackled beneath his feet and finally gave out as he fell beside Cara, freeing her from the agony that held her. Puffing with strained breathing and a weakened sanity he removed the rope from the Cara and tied it to Francoeur. He held her in his arms before pushing her onto the solid ice then Francoeur before calling to the others to pull. He watched as her slack form was pulled away, wrapped in Francoeur's embrace as a trail of watered crimson followed in their wake. \"God have mercy…\" Mitch whispered to himself, shivering in the cold water as Cara and Francoeur were released from the rope. Mitch began to cough violently at that moment before he spat a bit of tar onto the ice, gritting his teeth as he fought back the shivers coursing through his body. He quivered, ripping pieces of his saturated shirt before wrapping them around his palms as he waited for his rescue. The second the rope was in reach he tied it to himself before motioning for everybody to pull. As they pulled he used his hands to keep himself away from the sharp edge, allowing the fabric around his palms to take the brunt of the blow. Despite the protection his hands were bleeding as he was pulled out of the water and across the ice back to civilization. Back on land he stood unsteadily before he was surrounded by friends and onlookers. \"Christ please be with her.\" he muttered before breaking into a series of hacks, then wrapped in a towel as he was led away. Several minutes later he was in the hospital, still dressed in his stiff frosty clothes before a nurse came and began to undress him. He brushed her off angrily before trying to unbutton his own lapel and failing as his fingers refused to respond to his commands. The nurse waited patiently until he became resigned and she continued to tend to him. Nearby Francoeur trembled as his friends circled about him protectively as a nurse tended to his ills with a nervous eye. Cara had been taken away for surgery for her lacerated abdomen, a doctor holding a vial of saline above her as they hurried her out. Inwardly Francoeur felt at fault for her pain, if he had been paying attention he would have noticed the truck earlier. He could have jumped instead of pushing her out of the way, saving her the trouble of risking her life to save himself. In his self-chastisement he let out a pained croak, earning several eyes on him at once. \"He isn't hurt is he? I didn't see what happened.\" Lucille asked, trembling in Raoul's arms as she watched the nurse examine Francoeur before backing away. \"He is alright, his armor protected him and I doubt he has any lasting damage.\" She muttered out before leaving quickly, eager to get away from the unusual patient. Maude sobbed as Emile patted her shoulders, comforting her. Raoul rubbed his neck in nervous habit before snapping his fingers together. \"I think Francoeur may just be in shock from what happened to Cara; once she's out we should take him to see her.\" At that everybody nodded to each other and Francoeur looked up, miserable and worried, but the prospect of seeing Cara gave his eyes a light of determination. Seeing this Cara smiled before hugging Francoeur and speaking into his ear. \"Cara will be alright, you were brave to do what you did.\" She smiled before relinquishing her hold. Francoeur looked down, still guilty but looked up and smiled hopefully at Lucille. \"Now, let's go see Mitch, he must be lonely from our absence.\" Raoul said, turning to look at the unamused Mitch as the Nurse finished dressing him in a gown. Everybody nodded, including Francoeur and they went to visit him, Francoeur still wrapped in the thermal blanket. Mitch swiveled his eyes to look at them, still trembling from the cold as the nurse tucked him into bed. \"There you are, now rest easy.\" She smiled before turning and stiffening as she looked at Francoeur before pardoning herself and hastily leaving. Mitch coughed heavily into a rag, almost surprised to find nothing came out but water before looking at the group, smiling. \"Well that was fun.\" He smirked, his accent still gruff before he coughed again, heavier this time. Francoeur chirped worriedly before motioning to Mitch's bandaged palms. Mitch glanced at his still stiff fingers before chuckling huskily then falling into more coughs. \"I- *cough, hack* been through worse.\" He smirked then coughed more. Lucille frowned, something about his cough was off but she couldn't pinpoint it. She decided to alert a nurse and went off to ask while everybody listened to Mitch begin to tell a story about something he and his brother did in the Navy. When she returned Raoul and Emile were laughing while Maude stared in shock at what she was hearing. Francoeur was silent since he understood nothing about the story. The elderly nurse began to examine Mitch carefully, checking his mouth and throat. While they waited Raoul described the story to Lucille. It was about a complicated series of events leading to Mitch and his brother forced to return home without any clothes at all. He explained Cara accidentally saw Mitch when he returned and how she was embarrassed about it ever after. \"It was HELARIOUS!\" Raoul snickered while Lucille held a finger to her lips while the nurse brought a doctor over to examine Mitch who began to convulse with coughs. \"Something tells me there is something we should know.\" Emile said nervously. Both the nurse and the doctor were speaking in hushed whispers as they discussed Mitch who lay and seemed to be falling asleep. Quickly the nurse hurried off and the doctor approached the group, a wary look on his face. \"Are you friends or family of this man?\" he asked, motioning to the sleepy Mitch before he coughed heavily again. Confused Lucille stepped forward and nodded. \"We are his friends, yes.\" She said, wondering what was happening. \"Mam I believe your friend is experiencing symptoms from the onset of a very particular illness. His coughing is producing no tar and is rising fever is leading us to believe he may have Pneumonia.\" He explained, motioning towards Mitch as he wheezed before breaking into another fit of coughs. Lucille gasped and held a hand to her mouth in horror, she knew about Pneumonia and was horrified to hear Mitch might have it. \"We do not know for sure but we wish to keep him here just in case, if you will let us.\" The doctor explained. Lucille nodded quickly, of course and she offered to pay for the bills which the doctor nodded and then he returned to Mitch as the nurse came back and began to tend to Mitch. Lucille turned to Raoul who was pale and silent before looking at the shorter couple nearby. Maude had begun to cry again and Emile comforted her but his eyes were as frightened as Raoul's. Pneumonia was a dangerous illness, and very few ever survived it. Francoeur watched curiously, unsure what Pneumonia was, but he was sure that in time he would find out. When Cara woke her entire chest ached, and when she tried to sit up she found it hurt too much and was forced to remain immobile. Opening her eyes she looked around and realized she was in the hospital. She lay there, perplexed before her eyes widened and she tried to sit up again, forced to fallback as she scanned around for a very particular face. \"Francoeur?!\" she wheezed, she was frightened, All she could think about was whether he survived or not, she had blacked out when the ice had pierced her abdomen. All she remembered was holding Francoeur, knowing he would be safe when torture decided to rear its ugly head as a razor edged piece of ice. She shuddered, feeling the pain again before she turned to see figures moving towards her. She recognized the tallest one and gasped, wincing in pain from her reaction but ignored it as she smiled in relief to see him smiling as well. Francoeur chirped, smiling at her before he sat beside her on the stool provided and took her reaching hand. She was surprised, she didn't remember reaching for him but she ignored it and smiled at him, too happy to see he was safe to worry. \"Francoeur you alright.\" She managed to breathe out, too happy to allow the pain to silence her. He purred, holding her hand close to his heart as he did, his signature smile bringing light to her weak eyes. Her friends stood there, watching the spectacle with knowing looks before their smiles fell to concerned looks. Seeing this Cara looked at them in confusion before looking at Francoeur, she didn't see anything wrong with him, he looked perfectly healthy. Then she remembered watching the truck skid into him, slamming him back and over the edge of the bridge. Suddenly she was concerned and motioned to Francoeur to come closer. \"Frank…you hurt?\" she whispered, starting to tremble as many ideas of what could be wrong swirled around her. Frank blinked, brought out of his tranquility by her reaction before he chirped and motioned to his side. Immediately she looked to her friends, hoping for an explanation when she noticed someone was missing. \"Francoeur is alright, just a little bruising but-\" Emile started to explain. \"Where is Mitch?\" Cara wheezed, looking at Francoeur and was relieved to know he was safe, but Mitch should be among them. Everybody looked at each other before Lucille stepped forward to explain. \"You have been unconscious for 2 days, yesterday they told us Mitch…was diagnosed with Pneumonia…he is very ill.\" Lucille managed to say before reaching and touching Cara's leg. \"And he was ill before he became sick, the doctors are…unsure.\" She said uncertainly. Cara listened with a solemn look on her face; she didn't know how Mitch came down and knew it must have to do with the accident. \"What happened?\" she breathed, suddenly the pain in her chest becoming more so. Raoul stepped in to explain how Mitch, once he saw Cara was hurt went onto the ice to save her and fell into the water. Emile and Maude explained how he helped Francoeur and her get out before being pulled out himself and coming to the hospital, cold and wet. They explained how the staff became concerned when he coughed but did not spit out any tar before examining him further. Once he was diagnosed he fell into a deep sleep and has not woken since. \"They are doing everything they can, with hope and luck he will survive.\" Lucille added once they were done, seeing Cara was paling at the news. Cara felt her lip tremble before she leaned her head back and closed her eyes, trying to face the facts placed before her. Lucille stopped and looked back, considering on whether to leave Francoeur or tell him to come. After a moment she looked at her friends and gave them an assuring smile and motioned weakly for them to go. \"I know Mitch, he be alright, I know it.\" She smiled then sighed, feeling weak from just worrying. Seeing she was tired everybody began to exit but Francouer, who continued to hold her hand. She smiled at him and they knew to leave them be and exited as she slipped back into a much needed rest. Francoeur continued to hold her hand, never letting go as he smiled warmly at her through the night.[Chapter 17] Francoeur did not leave her side for anything but the necessary bathroom or perhaps to walk and check on Mitch. After several days of visiting the staff of the hospital let him be, knowing he meant no harm and who he was there for. A few of them leered at him but most ignored him, out of fear or lack of it he didn't know. Cara and Mitch had been in the hospital for a little over a week, the Professor and Charles were due to arrive any day now and surprisingly it helped lighten the mood. Cara was convinced once the Professor arrived everything would be alright and grew in strength each day despite knowing Mitch grew weaker just as steadily. This moment he walked into the room they held Mitch and peeked in to see him lying still, unmoving with tubes leading to the medications and liquids. Once while waiting for Cara to wake Lucille explained Pneumonia to him. He was horrified to know that when Mitch risked his life he sacrificed his health in the process. The idea frightened him to know that even though Mitch was no longer in the water he was still drowning. Seeing Mitch made Francoeur's breath hitch, the only thing that would seem worse to him was if Cara was here beside him. To see her with that many needles and a lifeless look on her face would have been too much for him. Regaining his sense of reality he blinked away the painful image and sat beside Mitch, wanting to spend a moment with the beloved American. He studied Mitch's face, though he remained still he could see the fight Mitch was making through his minor movements and ragged breaths. Francoeur recognized it as the sounds he made while beneath the water, but lesser so since Mitch was not submerged. Thinking of that made him remember all the brave people in his life, his friends and how they defended him. How Lucille stood between Maynott and himself, Cara throwing herself at Mitch to fend for him. How Mitch and Cara risked themselves to reunite him with his friends now for them to have done it again. Thinking about that he didn't notice a hand descend to his arm and grip it, startling him out of his thoughts before he looked at its surprising owner. \"Frank…Cara?\" Mitch asked, wheezing weakly while locking his glazed eyes on Francoeur through half closed lids. Francoeur chirped and nodded, patting his hand before clasping it in his own to signify she was alright. Mitch sighed in relief, letting out a rattling sigh as he laid his head back before turning to look back at Francoeur. \"You okay?\" he asked. Francoeur smiled, for Mitch to worry about others even when he was in bad condition gave Francoeur a funny happy feeling inside. He chirped and motioned to his side before rubbing it tenderly; showing he only had a bruise to show for his experience. Mitch chuckled, sounding like a kettle full of rocks to Francoeur and he immediately felt worried. Seeing this Mitch grinned weakly at him, his tired eyes still laced with life despite his illness. \"Don't worry, I will be alright,\" he paused to cough before smiling at Francoeur. Just coughing took a lot out of him and when he finished he looked much older than before. \"promise…take care…Cara?\" he asked, struggling to speak through his tired haze. Francoeur nodded solemnly, even if Mitch didn't ask he would, he loved her. Francoeur looked down then he realized his thoughts were true and then looked up at Mitch, who smiled weakly, knowing what Francoeur was thinking. \"Good man…\" he whispered then closed his eyes, his smile fading before he lay there, his husky breathing slowing to a low sigh and lay still. Francoeur didn't need a doctor to tell him what happened. The prickling feeling running up his spine told him enough. Standing he leaned over Mitch and crossed his hands over his chest before leaving with a heavy heart. Lucille let the tears flow before she went to call Emile and Raoul; she wanted everybody to be together as she told them the news. Francoeur stood behind her, holding his hat to his chest as he looked down towards the ground. His thoughts were on Mitch and Cara, he was not a fool; she would be heartbroken. The sound of Lucille hanging up the hospital phone broke him from his train of thought and then he remembered what he wanted to do, what he had to do. He looked to Lucille and chirped for her attention before handing her his slate. Lucille wiped away her tears, sniffling and composing herself before reading the message. Once she was done she nodded to Francoeur, understanding completely \"Yes, you may go, Raoul will be here soon with Emile and Maude…if you need anything you know what to do.\" She smiled sadly, wiping a stray tear away. Francoeur nodded solemnly before he left, leaving her to sit in a waiting chair and mill over everything. \"Oh Mitch…\" she croaked out. Francoeur walked back to where Cara lay in bed and sat beside her. He pondered on what was the best way to tell her the news. As he thought he took her hand and kissed it gently, lightly rubbing it against his cheek. The movement calmed him and helped him think, being blunt would upset her, a long drawn out one would only make her irritated, and even if she were mad she would be beautiful… Francoeur shook his head, he couldn't allow himself be distracted, not even by her more painful habits. He ignored the thought of her slapping him and tried to focus, suddenly finding it hard to do so when she was involved. Movement in his hands brought him out of his thoughts and he looked as Cara turned her head and smiled at him, happy to see him by her bed once again. Her smile brought him both joy and pain, he disliked bringing her any pain and now felt reluctant to give her the news he bore. All he wished for was to hide it from her, for Mitch to come back in full health, to avoid this completely. Sadly he knew this was not to happen and gave her a saddened smile. Seeing this Cara frowned, concerned at his solemn behavior and sat up slowly, still slightly pained from her partially healed wound. \"Francoeur? Why are you sad?\" she asked, wondering what could possibly be wrong to make him look so sad. Francoeur licked his lips even though he could not speak through them. He continued to clasp her hand before he reached down one hand and wrote on his lap. He hesitated several times before he handed his slate to her. Confused she took it and looked it over, reading its first eagerly, then she slowed and he watched as her eyes widened before she dropped the slate onto the ground. Francoeur didn't even bother to look at it, she was in pain, beautiful even then but in pain none the less and he knew he had to comfort her. He stood and embraced her, letting her small hitched breaths break into a torrent of sobs and cries. She muffled her voice by pressing her face into his shoulder and he rocked her gently, stroking her head and back as she expressed her anguish. \"Mitch…\" she sobbed. \"Mitch.\" Her face was stained with wet tears that began to soak into his coat. Francoeur let himself share the pain, it was at that moment he knew for certain, he loved her and despite everything she still looked beautiful. Cara was silent for several days, she spoke only once and that was to tell Lucille Mitch would have wanted to be cremated. Once that was done she stared at the silver case, Lucille insisted on paying for everything. Once Cara was out of the hospital she sat in Mitch's room for a while before she gathered all of his things and brought them to her room. She refused any help with a shake of her head or a glare at anybody who insisted. For two days she spent her hours stitching her dresses into her personal attire, ignoring anybody who came to call. She even refused food Lucille tried to give her and only accepted a few cups of water during her self-induced imprisonment. On the third day Francoeur sat by her door, he missed her gravely, he wished the Professor would return soon and he began to strum on his guitar. At first he couldn't think of anything to sing, he could feel her pain through the silence she shrouded herself within. After a moment he decided to create a song from something he had drawn inspiration from before. Rising tides, ones that fall The sun does rise as the birds do call Effaced footprints in the sands Taken away by flowing hands Tides that rise, and tides that fall Pain must not rule us all Those we love have passed before Nevermore upon this shore Despite the fading of their light We carry their torch through the night Tides that rise and tides that fall Learn we must to stand from crawl Loving friends, we love them so Always painful to see them go But tread we must longer still With all we have and all our will Ties that bind and tides that fall Through it all we stand tall Hold our heads above the pain And learn to live again Despite their footprints nevermore We continue upon the shore Ties that bind and ties that fall We will remember them all Finishing his song he sighed and leaned his head back on the door with a light thump. He wanted to see her again, even if only briefly. Francoeur missed her, he missed their walks, he missed their talks. He missed her habit at blushing every time she made a mistake. He missed her large ears and brown eyes, her slightly crooked teeth and every freckle upon her tan skin. He missed her smooth gait along with her staggering one. Most of all he missed her smile, the height of her beauty in those precious grins enough to send him on a trip into the stars. Lost in his thoughts it was only when the sensation of the door opening behind him broke him out did he realize Cara was emerging. He sat up quickly and looked at her as she slowly stepped out; her eyes were turned away as she stepped out and slid the door closed behind her. After the audible click sounded she slid to the ground to sit behind him before looking up to him. Out of the corner of his eye he saw her fingers were red and raw from hours of mending. Her tear streaked cheeks and reddened eyes reminded him of something he had seen before, Lucille when she believed him to have perished. He could see the depth of her despair and automatically he reached for her next emerging tear and brushed it from her cheek. After doing that he pulled her into a comforting embrace and held her to his chest. He lightly kissed the top of her head and rested her aching hands in his lap as more tears rained from her pretty brown eyes. The next day Cara, Francoeur, and the rest of their friends waited at the docks with mixed emotions. This was the day the Professor was to arrive, and having gotten a message from Raoul about Mitch everybody stood with solemn expressions. Nonetheless his friends made open receptions and Francoeur offered to carry his baggage once again to the carriage. The Professor gave Cara his condolences then an empathetic pat on the shoulder before stepping into his carriage. Cara said nothing and remained mute for the duration of the ride. Cara rode with Francoeur and the Professor with Charles, Lucille with Maude and the other two as they made their way to the L'oiseau Rare. During the ride the Professor noticed the way Francoeur stared at Cara and immediately understood what was going on. Francoeur glanced at him once and the Professor nodded, confirming something between them. He sat back and smiled forlornly, though he had lost a friend he saw there were other matters at hand. At the L'oiseau Rare Lucille had lunch served but many of its extravagant foods were missing due to few having an appetite. Despite this the table was decorated well to make up for it. Most everybody ate, Cara being the only exception, her eyes lowered as she pushed a piece of potato back and forth on her plate. Everybody noticed but nobody bothered her, they understood her loss and just waited for her to heal. Once their meal was done they shared stories of events that happened while each was gone. The Professor related his experiences in the jungles, the mountains, and even the deserts, just to gather a few essential ingredients he required. He mentioned a few times he had to run from danger including poachers and anti-foreign regimens. A few times he had the luck of a friend to give him his intended ingredient so that he did not have to travel as far to get it. Raoul spoke about his delivery service; Emile spoke about his movie theater while Maude spoke about the marriage. Lucille told the Professor about Francoeur's new songs, each neglected to speak about Mitch, for Cara's sake. After their quick summaries they all went to the lab for Francoeur's latest potion. Cara sat beside Francoeur as they went, finally breaking into a fragile smile once they stopped to exit the truck. They filed into the building quickly, just as before, and the Professor immediately went to his work station and began the process. First bringing out the ingredients, other preparations, mixing, then finally presenting the voice giving elixir by holding to Francoeur, ready to spray the potion by perfume press. \"Say ahh.\" Francoeur opened his mouth and sang the simple tune as the Professor sprayed, emptying the bottle quickly with a few puffs before setting it down. Francoeur coughed, letting out a minor cloud of green before clearing his throat and looking at the Professor, nervous and awaiting instructions. \"Fortunately this potion works almost instantly, you may speak anytime you wish.\" The Professor smiled. Francoeur looked about before becoming thoughtful, it was obvious he wanted his first words to be special. Finally his gaze settled on Cara and he smiled, stepped to her and spoke. \"Je t'aime.\" Everybody froze, waiting for Cara's reaction to the simple French sentence, but didn't expect her to react as she did. Cara blinked, a moment later a confused expression flowered on her once pained brows before she glanced at the Professor and spoke in English. \"What did he say?\" she asked, confused. The Professor understood it and just stood in silence, smiling knowingly. Cara sighed, she knew he wouldn't tell her, his reaction was that much, but how could she figure it out if she never heard it before? And if this 't'aime' meant something important why did he not teach…what it meant when he had the chance? Once she uttered her English words the spell was broken, even though they did not understand her English they understood her tone of voice. Cara had no idea Francoeur had just confessed his love. Despite all this Francoeur continued to smile, something within him told him her reaction did not matter, Mitch hadn't known the proper word either. He had prepared himself for this and despite the mild feeling of denial he knew well in time the meaning would become clear to her, through translation or not. Lucille was the first to understand past the Professor and Francoeur, once she realized this she knew immediately what was to be done. But first she needed to get Cara out of earshot. \"Cara, would you do me a favor? I left ring in the front seat, could you please retrieve it for me?\" she asked, looking at her finger as if the absence of her ring produced small pains, though secretly it was clasped in her other hand. Cara was brought out of her stupor before she nodded and went to her task, the second the door closed Raoul beat Lucille to the punch by aiming at the Professor. \"Why didn't you just tell her what he said? Isn't there like two words in the translation you could have just uttered to make her understand?!\" he spluttered. The Professor only smiled and Lucille took the moment to make her knowledge acknowledged. \"He knew, but it's what they both want.\" She explained. \"Why could hiding the meaning of such an important confession be such a good thing?\" Emile asked, still surprised at the confession and then the realization. \"Because if she loves me too she will not need to know, and if she does find out it will give her time to think without being pressed.\" Francoeur soothed. Everybody looked at him, ironically despite the topic of conversation many forgot he could now speak. \"R-right, so we must not pressure her, we should let her know in her own time, and not tel her blatantly.\" Maude added, once she overcame her share of the shock. \"Right, so we should make a vow, none of us shall tell her the meaning other than for her to search for the answer elsewhere, deal?\" Raoul asked, putting out a hand. Everybody else nodded and agreed putting a hand, or in Francoeur's case two, into the pile as part of the pact. \"Deal.\" They said simultaneously before dropping their hands, for at that moment Cara walked back in, looking confused and mildly annoyed. \"I could not find your ring.\" Cara confessed, showing empty hands. \"Oh don't worry.\" Lucille grinned, showing the ring. \"I found it.\" FINALLY! i think i might be able to comment more if i remember to edit properly online- oh right comments...ahem, well yeah another chapter! i hope you enjoy this! honestly i dont know how many more chapters ill write but one thing i DO know is i might...not make a sequal...sequeal? seqeal? seqal? bah! i might not make a sequeal, honestly this is the faarthest ive ever gone on a stor and im not really feeling much for a second...but MAN! 17 chapters already? Phew and i actually LIKE this story (sorry meetmooonbeam but i actually like this one) so i will definately be posting more chapters as soon as i can ^^. Enjoy![Chapter 18] Cara was feeling lonely and isolated, possibly from some sort of collaboration. Usually her friends were eager to help her learn new things, but for some reason they isolated her whenever she asked about 't'aime'. Each had the same exact response 'find it'. Naturally she went to the others, first the Professor, then even Francoeur, still the same answer 'find it'. She felt heartbroken that they gave no help, her only clue came from Francoeur, who offered a single word. \"Bibliotheque.\" She wondered if he only gave her a clue because of his affection, or that it was all he was allowed to offer her. He then just remained as silent as if he never could speak and began to hum a tune. She sighed and retreated, deciding to follow up on the clue and search for the word. Cara searched for a library, only stopping to ask for directions before she found one and went in, hoping for an answer. She soon got it, in the form of a simple translation from the librarian, who happened to be bilingual. \"T'aime? T'aime meanz love, mizz.\" She replied, smiling at her as Cara's cheeks burned at what she was insinuating. \"W-well perhaps mistaken? His exact words were 'Je t'aime'.\" Cara explained, baffled and confused, unable to wrap her mind around the exact meaning of his words. \"He sayz 'I love you' mizz.\" The librarian smiled, turning to check in several books as Cara stood frozen. Then without a word Cara turned and hurried out, her cheeks burning as she began to wander the city. For a while she walked in silence, but inside her head things were heating up. She had never suspected Francoeur had liked her in any way above friendship. Well actually yes, she had, but she always brushed them off as a wandering mind. She shook her head, frazzled and confused, she felt like a child, given a simple chain necklace only to realize it was of a rare metal. She didnt know what to do next, to value it or to leave it alone. Dismally she walked down the road, she needed to take in some air to clear her head and make order of the chaos raging within her. \"He loves me..?\" she whispered to herself, more in question then as a statement, she repeated it, this time as a statement. \"He loves me...\" she scowled, unable to wrap her mind around it. In her walk she wandered into a park and swerved to go down a woody path, the shadows of the midday giving the air a tired beauty. Down this path she treaded before stopping at a bench and sitting down, her mind felt no clearer than it had when she first came upon the answer of her endeavor. \"He loves me...\" she whispered, holding a hand over her heart as if to shield it. She trembled as she let the words settle, little by little she felt her walls crumble, walls made in place by her caution and the warnings from her father. She looked up and stared at the fading sun, its image obscured by the clouds of the horizon, resembling her state of mind. \"Do I love him?\" she wondered. Immediately her mind was filled with images, images of her feeling joy in his presence, the feelings his songs gave her. She remembered the tingles she felt when he touched her, the rising sensation she felt whenever they locked their eyes. She then remembered how he had been hurt, how he had sacrificed himself only to near lose his life...all because of her. She felt a shudder go through her, darker thoughts suddenly roamed the recesses of her mind. Francoeur wasnt human, Francoeur was feared, Francoeur would be hurt if she told him she loved him. Her heart clenched at those thoughts, tears trickled down her cheeks, she had seen the hatred first hand. The sorrow of her father at losing a love simply because of differing castes almost deterred her, but she had seen the venom towards Francoeur in the papers and in words exchanged that first day of her bringing Francoeur into her life. She couldn't bear seeing him hurt, all because of love. Trembling she stood, fearful now that the gravity of what she faced before falling back down as she realized what would happen to her. \"Francouer...I'll be lost...\" she whispered, her heart falling and sinking down into the pit of her stomache. For a moment she sat there, in shock from her realization before she stoned her heart and solidified her resolve. \"But you'll be safe.\" she whispered through clenched teeth. Francoeur, her love, he was perfect in every way, innocent and beautiful and she wished him to remain that way. With that thought she stood, complelty steady as she made her way back to L'oiseau Rare. During her walk a peculiar thought came to mind and she laughed hysterially to ward off the pain it would have brought her heart had it not been turned to stone. Francoeur passed almost every test she had created to test any man, the tests she had developed between her father and herself. She had once believed it would take 10 years for a man to pass but he had passed them in flying colors. Laughing she continued to walk before spotting a sign that caught her interest. Dunnenburg telegrahe Hit by a sudden urge she walked in, soon enough she exited, a few pennies less but satisfied as a developing plan came to mind. She continued to walk, a few thoughts passed her mind but she ignored them, repeating to herself the steps she took were for the better of all she cared for as she approached L'oiseau Rare. A mild anxiety overcame her when she spotted the familiar cabaret, making her once steady steps falter and she had to stop to pretend to adjust her gloves as she forced herself to become steady. All she planned was for the best, for herself...and for Francoeur. Taking a breath to help she then walked inside, avoiding every gaze and completly ignored Lucille's friendly wave as she headed straight for her room, locking the door behind her once inside. Lucille was perplexed by Cara's elusive behavior, when she had waved to Cara she had been completly ignored. She assumed Cara was giving her a cold shoulder for their behavior and felt repentant but she chastised herself for it and knew that in time everything would be resolved. With that thought she turned back to Francoeur who was still staring after Cara, as if he could still see her despite no longer being in the room. \"Francoeur? Francoeur?\" she asked, waving a hand in his face to regain his attention before she clasped his hands. He looked down at her, a little dazed but he smiled and she returned the smile, knowingly. \"Do not worry, Francoeur, I'm sure she'll figure it out.\" she assured when she noticed the worry he expressed in those large eyes of his. \"He bit his lip before nodding, understanding before looking back at where Cara had gone, forcing Lucille to regain his attention. \"This new song is very important, you remember the lyrics?\" she asked, forcing him to focus. He nodded, blinking away the daze as she pulled him back into the matter at hand. She smiled before nodding in satisfaction. \"Good, now once more, from the top!\" At dinner Cara remained silent, she looked about her at Lucille and Francoeur, then at Raoul, Emile, and Maude. The Professor and Charles were busy that night on a mysterious errand. Her stomach clenched at the news she intended to share and milled over the words before wiping her mouth and sat back in her chair, glancing at her friends, especially Francoeur. It didnt take long for the others to notice her curious positioning and within moments everybody was watching her, almost expectant. Lucille was the first to notice the solemn look on Cara's face and wondered what it was that would make her so dismal. \"Cara?\" she asked, half wondering if she was irritable from their secrecy. Cara glanced at her, she looked hurt before taking a breathe and calming her unsteady nerves. \"I have figured out...what Francoeur said.\" she said, she made it as clear as she could, so she wouldn't be forced to repeat, it was for the best. Francoeur leaned towards her, as did Lucille and Raoul, Maude and Emile sat up straighter, smiles or small expectant grins adorning their faces. \"And what did you learn?\" Lucille asked, wording carefully as she tried to hold back her excitement. Cara looked in her direction before glancing at Francoeur, there was a deep set of sadness in her eyes before she straightened herself out and began to speak. \"He had told me he cared for me, very deeply, as you care for Raoul and Maude cares for Emile.\" Cara said, forcing her cracking voice to remain strong throughout her explanation. Lucille frowned, wondering why Cara acted so sad, she wondered if maybe Cara was afraid she had gotten it wrong. \"You are correct.\" Francoeur suddenly said, breaking into a smile before reaching his hand across the table towards Cara. Cara bit her lip and hid her hands beneath the table, confusing them all as she took a deep, and shaky, breath before looking Francoeur in the eye. \"Francouer...though I care for you deeply...I..do not...love you.\" she managed to say, her voice breaking before she quickly stood. \"I will spend the remainder of my stay at an associate of mine's home, Jacques Lockhall.\" she hurried out, wanting to leave before she broke into tears. \"Goodnight.\" she gritted out, forcing back her tears as she hurried out of the room, leaving everybody in shock. Lucille and every guest glanced towards Francoeur, all baffled before freezing once they saw Francoeur's expressions. A single tear drifted down his cheek before he too stood and hurried out of the room, not hearing Lucille's call as he vanished from the room. Cara stepped up to the cab before freezing midstep, forcing herself to stare ahead and resisting the urge to look back before stepping into the cab and taking a seat, staring at her hands as her driver took off, leaving her teary friends behind. Lucille held a rag to her face as she watched Cara drive away, she felt a surge of tumultuous emotions rise but she forced it to subside and covered her face to hide the strain. Cara's rejection and sudden announcement had stunned them all, Francoeur the worst. She looked up at him, he wore his mask once more, hiding his features as small tears drifted from the corners of his eyes. \"Oh Francoeur...I am so sorry.\" she whispered, taking his arm only for him to bow his head. She looked at him sadly before leading him back into the L'oiseau Rare, and for once she didn't know what to do next. \"That was Outrageous!\" Raoul shouted, his face red in rage and disappointment. \"She goes about stealing Francoeurs heart only to break it once he admitted his true feelings for her!\" Raoul spat. \"Raoul, she did admit she cared for Francoeur, just not in the way we had hoped-\" Emile tried only for Raoul to round on him. \"But to leave us all to avoid him? And who is this Lockhall guy anyway?!\" he snapped, irritated and out of his mind with anger. \"Jacques Lockhall, Cara had mentioned him while we were aboard the ship, she seemed awfully interested in him at the time...but I didn't know they remained in contact.\" Maude expalained, looking towards Lucille for assurance, earning a nod. \"Yes, we believed it was possibly the end of our plans for Francoeur and Cara-..oh I am sorry Francoeur.\" Lucille stammered as she realized her mistake. Francoeur turned away, releasing her arm as he left the room, heading towards his own before Raoul began his renewed rant. \"But she left us! Without even attempting to ease our feelings!\" Roaul snapped, his entire face becoming red as he strained himself with both his expression of rage and running around the room while Lucille held her head in her hands. Francoeur went to Lucille's dressing room, locking it before sitting down and staring at the mirror, slowly he removed his mask and stared at his face. He examined the contours of his smooth heartshaped face then examined his freckled skin and gapped teeth. He then examined his eyes and brushed his fingers through his combed 'hair'. Standing he removed his outfit and examined himself, he was entirely blue, his spines flexed when he wished them to and his fingers moved smoothly. He examined his legs and even his shell and abdomen but found nothing wrong. Unsatisfied he redressed himself and inspected his face again, wondering what Cara could possibly have seen that made her reject him. Francoeur had come to the conclusion Cara had rejected him for being different, her stories about her own father suggested as much. How people reacted towards him only confirmed it and he began to wonder if his looks would ever prove to be positive to him. Trembling he looked away from his image, he felt heartborken and lonely. He had known from the start Lucille had wanted he and Cara to be together, even helping him unravel his feelings...but for her to mention their names together only agrivated the wounds in his heart. Francoeur tapped his fingers in a dismal tune, staring blankly at the table as he fell into thought before he stood, replaced his mask and left the room, hurrying out past his arguing friends and into the night. He needed to see the Professor, perhaps he could help with his situation, and maybe what he had asked for would finally be put to use. Cara sobbed as she stepped onto the ferry, looking back the whole way as France was left behind and as England approached from behind her. She loved Francoeur, everything about him was unique and she loved it, from his sparkly red gold eyes to his navy blue skin. She knew her leaving was for the better, there would be too much publicity and it would bring Francoeur and herself so much harm. She knew she would be ridiculed for loving him but others would turn on him more viciously, probably attempt to kill him for being with her and she was terrified of it. Their differing countries did not help and only added to the conflict, where would they live? What about her work in America? What of her belongings? So many thoughts plagued her and she forced them away as she stilled her broken heart, encasing it in a more solid stone as she turned to face the approaching dock. Soon she would be with Jacques and his newly wed wife, perhaps they could console her as she made ready to return to America. Francoeur paced back and forth, upon returning to his shared room he locked himself in and only walked back and forth as he thought over the news he had recieved. The request he had made for the Professor was near completion but would be ready only in a few days, and until then he had nothing to do. He had already sent out a call to find Car's current stay address and knew it could take longer than even his request to be finished. It was luck that the Professor happened to be friends with several Englanders whose assistance could prove significant in locating Cara. After a moment of anxious thought a new thread appeared into his current knit of thought and he almost laughed at it. He realized the actions he took were exactly like that of Obsessed Love, quickly he dismissed it and used the moment to settle down as he began to think. If the reason Cara did not care for him was what he surmised he had a chance, but only if what he planned went accordlingly. Sighing he rubbed his eyes, he was tired from his work and from his constant anxiety over Cara. For a moment he thought about the negatives of his plan and felt his pain renewed at the possibility of his plan failing. Sighing he lay on the bed, the relaxing sensation of being on familiar fabric helped calm him and ease his thoughts, rationalizing him and allowing him to think clearer. His plan was flawed, by an insurmountable amount but it was his only hope. His biggest hope is Cara had a reason he could remedy and change her opinion. If not...if not he would be alone and he knew from the stories he had read and from the accounts of real tales of love that if what she had spoken proved true he was in for a very grave healing process. \"Cara Thompson.\" Jacques smiled, holding his Isobel's hand as he approached her. Cara had the fore thought to freshen up before smiling weakly and shaking his hand. \"I thank you for aknowledging and replying to my request so quickly.\" she smiled, relieved and saddened at the same time. Seeing other couples has her harder than most could see, ever since she had left she saw happy couples everywhere and it only deepened the pain in her heart. \"My pleasure, oh and this is my wife, Isobel, I've explained you to one another.\" he grinned, presenting her eagerly. Isobel was like Jacques, her face though not of beauty was appealing due to her confident manner and intelligent eyes that examined Cara curiously before she fell into a gentle smile. \"You have been through much...we will speak in the carriage, yes?\" she asked, motioning to their waiting cab. Cara bit her lip and wondered what had given her away and only nodded, walking towards the awaiting cab before stepping inside. Once inside Isobel and Jacques followed after and the cab started away the moment they were seated. They were silent for a few moments before Jacques broke the silence with a single question, one that forced Cara to turn away to hide her tears. \"Cara, how was France? What of your friends?\" he asked curiously. Cara dabbed at her eye, feigning a scratch before she faced him, smiling weakly as she tried to force a happy disposition. \"Oh it was lovely...\" Unfortunately her voice did not match her demeanor and immediately both of her English friends were intrigued, Isobel with the more sensitive approach. \"Oh?\" Jacques asked carefully. \"Oh Jack, can you not see she is heartbroken?\" Isobel soothed, lightly patting Cara's hand while Jacques watched. \"...It is the friend you spoke of aboard the ship, correct? Francoeur of Paris?\" Jacques asked, a small twinkle of knowing in his eyes. Cara's heart hitched, along with her breath as she gazed at both of them in shock. \"Y-you mean...you know?!\" she asked, flabbergasted. The couple looked at one another with knowing smiles before Isobel spoke. \"Jacques has always been intuitive, and being the owner of a press it would be unlikely he would no tknow of such a matter.\" Isobel explained with a smile, clutching Cara's hand in her own. \"Now...from the beginning, a healing heart begins from the start.\" Finally! I am sorry it took so long to write this, I have not been feeling well of late and honestly I cannot assure the next chapter will be soon. And thank you to the whomever you are that loves my story that much, I'll just call you 'Guest' and I honestly have to say thak you for your patience, and your delightful enthusiasm. I will try to write faster this time and hopefully, if I'm lucky, I'll have it up by the end of next week. Tata! -TFAArtFreak[Chapter 19] Jacques and Isobel listened patiently as Cara explained all she knew. She told them about first meeting Francoeur, the Court, briefly she summarized the events upon the voyage. She then explained the events up to the ice incident, shaking with grief as she told about how Francoeur delivered the news and helped her through her grief with his songs. During her explanation many things became clear to her, the walks, the talks, his songs, all along he had been expressing his love but she had mistaken them all for a simpler form of affection. Those thoughts only made it harder for her and she felt her heart hitch once more in pain at the choice she had made. She almost decided to reverse her earlier intentions but the images of Francoeur being harmed were enough to spur her on. She continued to explain, coming up to the arrival of the Professor and Francoeur's confession. \"Once I figured out what he had told me, that he loved me I thought of all that I felt and realized I love him too...\" she whispered, her heart aching immensely from her confession. \"And? Did you confess your love?\" Jacques asked. Cara looked down and shook her head. \"No...I would...but...\" she felt tears stinging her eyes and she had to blink them away before she could continue. \"Why did you not?\" Isobel asked, perplexed but a hint in her voice suggested she had an idea. Cara forced still her heart so she may continue her explanation. \"I have seen the effects of lost love...my father and my dear departed Uncle being the main sources...but I have also seen the horrors of those who oppose Francoeur's very existence. No doubt if they found out we are in love-\" her voice cracked and she was forced to stop or fall into a fit of tears, luckily she did not have to continue for her point to be made. \"From these experiences you decided it would be best to leave, so no harm would come to him.\" Isobel finished, a pitying look upon her face. Cara dabbed her eyes with a handkerchief before she sniffled and continued. \"Yes, and no doubt if I stayed he would not hesitate to die protecting me, I've seen what happens to one who has lost someone they love from a terrible fate.\" she sighed before noticing the perplexed expressions on their faces. \"My uncle...he lost his wife Patricia to a terrible illness...the very same illness that lost him his life.\" Cara explained, looking down in grief at the remembrance of her beloved Uncle, and her hardly remembered Aunt. \"She went upon the ice to rescue a stray child but met her end when she fell in and caught Pneumonia.\" she explained. Isobel patted her hand and both Englanders milled over her story, after a moment they looked at one another and Jacques began to speak what was upon both their minds. \"Cara...your thoughts may be well intentioned...but how did you leave? Did Francoeur not try to stop you?\" he asked. Cara gave a shuddering sigh before sitting straight, forcing herself to become calm as she began to explain... After fleeing Cara locked herself into the room provided for her, she flung herself upon the couch and trembled as she sobbed, muffling her cries into the thick fabric of her pillows. Mid-sob there was a knock on her door, Cara froze, having expected such and remained silent as Francoeur began to speak. \"Cara...please..\" he begged. Cara felt herself shudder, she wanted to fling open the door and hold him but she had made her choice, it was for his sake she resisted. \"Cara...I love you...\" Francoeur begged. \"If...you do not love me...please open the door, at least stay.\" he begged. Cara gritted her teeth, pressing the pillow against her face to muffle the hiss of agony from her forced silence. \"Cara...I am sorry...\" Cara breathed heavily, forcing her breathing to be muffled before she held her breath and pulled back, letting it out slowly. She needed to breathe to make her tone convincing enough. Once her breathing was under control she stood, shakily, then walked unsteadily towards the door. She leaned against it, she swore she could feel Francoeur through its thick wooden surface and she felt her heart skip a beat. Taking another moment to steady herself she made her voice loud and clear. \"Go away.\" she called, making her tone calm and neutral, she couldn't bear to make her voice any crueler. She pressed her ear against the door, closing her eyes as she imagined seeing Francoeur on the other side. She could see his sweet visage so clearly, the sadness that replaced his once twinkle of innocence, the slight lines of his face as he contorted it into pain. So much pain. She gritted her teeth, she couldn't bear much more if she allowed herself to torture her already aching heart. Trembling she listened as Francoeur brushed against the door, as if he too could feel her on the other side. \"Cara...\" he plead, his tone reminded Cara of a child, begging for mother to come back. His pleading almost broke her, almost. Seconds that felt like minutes passed by and finally she heard as Francoeur left, she swore she heart the soft tinkling of diamonds as his tears fell from his heavenly eyes. \"I packed my items immediately, I knew if I dallied or stopped...if I didn't keep myself distracted I would break. The next morning I called a cab and had my items packed and shipped.\" Cara whispered, tears streaming down her face. Jacques gave her a sympathetic look, clasping Isobel's hand in his as Cara told of her heart wrenching agenda. \"To force myself away from Isobel is unthinkable to me, and for you to bear such pain...\" Seeing Jacques could continue no further Isobel shared a loving look with him before reaching out and taking Cara's hand in her own. \"I understand you are in great pain, though your actions are beyond us we see your reasoning. You are welcome to stay at our home as long as you wish.\" she managed to say without breaking. Cara looked down, yes her actions were dramatic but they were in the best interest of Francoeur. \"I need not intrude upon your graces for long, I intend to leave upon the next ship bound for my home.\" she sighed sadly, she couldn't bear being a burden upon anyone. Francoeur paced down the halls of L'oiseau Rare, though his performances remained unchanged, upon his request, a slight lilt in his voice had Lucille worried if his stage demeanor would deteriorate. She knew there was nothing she could do to help other than be there for him when he needed her. Ever since Cara had left Francoeur had become increasingly anxious with each day that passed. Lucille at first believed he was waiting for Cara to return but soon realized otherwise when she learned of his frequent visits to the Professor. Out of curiosity she payed her own visit to the brilliant man only to receive a deliberate withholding of information. \"Francoeur visits you almost every day now, he is becoming increasingly distracted and I fear it may result in him faltering and breaking.\" Lucille begged. \"Will you please tell me what it is he visits you for? I know he doesn't visit to speak with you, he does not stay away long enough for such.\" the Professor kept his eyes upon his work, mixing and testing. He had managed to keep Lucille at bay with short statements and elusive comments but Lucille was a woman on a mission and finally he wielded slightly under her power. \"I am working on a request, one that Francoeur checks upon daily.\" he replied curtly, turning his back to her. \"This request is highly personal and I intend to remain faithful to Francoeur's request for total confidence.\" Lucille sighed knowing she had gotten all she could from the loyal Professor, personally she admired his diligence and decided once everything was cleared she would commend him. Until then she could only hope whatever Francoeur had planned was not anything drastic. After thanking him for his time Lucille began her walk back to the L'oiseau Rare she thought about Francoeur's increasing agitation. He had come so far as to keep a secret from her. Knowing it would only get worse Lucille decided to cancel their showings until further notice due to Francoeur's situation. Once she returned she would alert her aunt then she would face Francoeur, this had to end. Unknown to her a figure had slipped in upon her exit of the giant greenhouse. Inside the Professor was hard at work. Charles watched from his seat on a nearby stool before noticing the approaching figure and tippng his hat in greeting. Moments later the Professor was finally finished his concoction, swirling its contents confidently before pouring it into a beaker, corking it then placing a label on it for Francoeur. \"I hope this is what you truly want my friend, your whole world will change once this potion is consumed.\" he stated, turning to Francoeur who took it carefully before stowing it into his dark coat along with a slip of paper from the Professor's associates. He said nothing but his thanks before turning and exiting the large greenhouse, leaving the Professor to continue his other projects, and to hope for the prosperity in whatever Francoeur had planned. With two weeks left until the wedding the mood should have been very cheery that morning, but due to Cara's departure the mood was rather dismal despite the efforts of the main wedding planners. \"Now that we have the after ceremony planned we need to finish with the seating arrangements and practice the overall ceremony.\" Maude explained, smiling at Emile before realizing Lucille had drifted off. \"Lucille? Do you have anything to include?\" Maude asked timidly, not wanting to be abrupt in her interruption. Lucille did not answer, still lost in her thoughts until Maude reached over and began to wave her hand in front of her face. \"Lucille? Are you alright?\" she asked, knowing full well she had many reasons to be distracted. Lucille blinked before turning and nodding to her. \"Yes, oh, no, I have nothing to add. The wedding will be perfect, I assure you.\" Lucille replied, smiling apologetically then looking at the plans. She remained silent for a moment before turning towards Maude. \"Actually I do, I already made arrangements to close L'oiseau Rare earlier than planned, I feel Francoeur needs time to adjust himself before composing himself for the wedding.\" Lucille explained. Emile and Maude looked at one another but nodded to Lucille, they understood but her reasoning had a few flaws they didn't have the heart to point out. The main one being she would have nothing to do for two weeks since the wedding was already planned out. All the orders and messages have already been sent and set, an already 3 day prior and post wedding arrangement made along with the affairs of L'oiseau Rare already settled for the next 6 months. Without her show Lucille would have nothing to do and that worried the couple. \"Oh...okay.\" Maude replied, hoping Lucille's reasoning was necessary. Emile only nodded in response before standing, taking the plans and his love with him before leaving to return to their homes. Lucille led them out before waving them off on the hired cab before sitting in her dressing room, awaiting Francoeur to wake and exit his room when she noticed a note upon her table. Curious she picked it up and began to read. Seconds into reading her eyes widened before she quickly stood and grabbed her coat, dropping the note in the process as she hurried out. Dear Lucille, I have already heard of your plans to close L'oiseau Rare until the wedding and have taken it upon myself to visit Cara. With Love, Francoeur Francoeur shifted uncomfortably as the ferry docked, a sense of Deja Vu overwhelmed him as he stepped onto the semi foreign soil of England. The last time he had stepped off of the same ferry was while he was heading for Cherbourg, he had taken in the sights but the events aboard the ship had buried those memories. Just thinking about it sent shivers down his spine and he hurried along, following the directions he had been given as he searched for Cara's place of stay. He knew Jacques Lockhall from a few half remembered glances during the trip from America and their departure from the same ship. A slight irritation in his chest alerted him to the jealousy growing within him and he wondered if this Jacques had anything to do with Cara's reaction to his confession. He paused and blinked, surprised at how aggressive his thinking had become and he shook his head. Cara had her reasons, he intended to find out if he could, but until then he should not think so cruelly and make hasty judgments on someone he was not even acquainted with. Personally Francoeur was glad he had researched before making this desperate attempt. He did not want to become a...monster. He was a gentleman, gentlemen did not become jealous and act like monsters. Taking a few moments to breath and calm himself he continued following the directions he had been given and hailed a cab. Once a carriage pulled over for him he showed the driver the address, he was in luck that the man could speak French and transported him to the street in front of Jacques Lockhall's home. After paying the man Francoeur straightened his coat and hat before adjusting his scarf and gloves. He felt his hands become clammy as he ascended the steps and knocked politely on the door. Moments later a series of locks opened to reveal a small English woman. Francoeur could tell immediately she was the lady of the household and half wondered if he had gotten the wrong address after all. But deciding to be sure he bowed politely and made his introduction. \"Salut, J'amapelle Francoeur Dans le Paris, regarde Jacques Lockhall?\" he asked. The woman paused, tilting her head in thought and slight alarm as she attempted to develop a proper reply. For a moment he wondered if he should leave when the woman opened the door and motioned for him to enter. \"Jacques Lockhall residence, Bonjour misour Francoeur.\" the woman replied, smiling kindly at him. Francoeur nodded his thanks and entered, he had made it. The woman led him to the sitting room and motioned for him to sit. After taking his seat the woman motioned to herself before speaking. \"Isobel.\" she said, smiling at him as she continued to point at herself. Understanding Francoeur nodded his head earning a delighted smile from her before motioning for him to wait and left. When she was gone Francoeur began to look about, inspecting the interior of the English home he found himself in. It was well furnished, several newspaper clippings were hung in frames along with pictures of what Francoeur assumed was family and friends. One intrigued him and he stood and approached it to gain a better look. To his surprise it was of the woman Isobel with the man who Francoeur had earlier assumed Cara might had rejected him for in an obviously coupled fashion. Feeling foolish Francoeur continued to inspect the image before looking to the others for a clue on what Jacques was. He had already assumed his family was within the newspaper business from the clippings and their constant headings. He found one of Jacques with an older man he assumed was his father before he found one of the man with a woman. Curious Francoeur inspected the picture and wondered if the couple was Jacques parents when he heard several foot falls heading in his direction. He turned in time to see Isobel enter with the woman from the picture he had been inspecting and the young man whose residence he was now inspecting. Remembering his manners Francoeur bowed respectfully, standing and nodding to each member. \"Salut, J'amapelle Francoeur Dans le Paris.\" he said, smiling at them before remembering he had his scarf over his face and bowed his head again to make up for his lack of visage. Isobel approached him and gestured to each member. \"Madame Lockhall, Jacques mama.\" she said, gesturing to the finely dressed older woman who smiled and made a polite feminine bow to Francoeur. \"Salut, Francoeur, Ca va?\" she inquired politely before Isobel moved on to Jacques. \"Jacques Lockhall.\" she explained, taking his hand to display their connection, Francoeur earned a brief glimpse of their promise rings and smiled knowingly before bowing again but was interrupted by the words of the older French woman. \"-There is no need for that, we know why you are here and we wish to discuss formally your situation.\" she explained in fluent French, it was then Francoeur realized he was in the presence of either a native Frenchwoman or just a fluent French speaking woman. He stood and tilted his head inquisitively before nodding, wondering what he should do next when Jacques walked towards him and motioned to his coat and scarf. \"We know who you are, misour, do not worry, we are friends.\" Jacques explained in perfect French. Surprised Francoeur hesitated, gripping his scarf in concern earning amused looks from the woman and Jacques before the woman explained their situation in English to the curious Isobel as Jacques made his motion again. \"We are a news oriented household, I know who you are and do not worry, you are with friends.\" he explained, motioning for his coat and scarf again. \"Besides, it can be rather intimidating to not see your face.\" Francoeur paused for another moment before he undid his scarf and removed his coat, placing them carefully into Jacques hands before Jacques moved them to the coat stand before returning to his mothers side and began his explanation. \"As you know I am Jacques Lockhall, This is my mother,\" he said motioning to the older woman. \"and this is my fiance. I assume you are here for Cara?\" he asked carefully. Francoeur paused before nodding slowly before straightening himself out. \"I wished to speak with her, I do not intend harm just a few words to...end on better terms.\" he explained, biting his tongue and resuming. \"And if she...would reconsider, if not I will leave.\" he finished, forcing himself to remain composed with only the slight quavering in his voice to betray his emotions. Isobel tilted her head as the older woman translated before smiling at Francoeur with pity. Jacques replied with a slightly saddened look on his confident visage. \"I see, I can understand why, Cara is a delightful and insightful woman, well deserving of a proper partner.\" Jacques said, Francoeur could tell he was trying to extend some sort of explanation Francoeur yet had to get. \"I can tell from our short discussion you are proper in demeanor and obviously in-tuned with others about you...however I must inform you Cara is no longer staying at this residence. Francoeur froze, Cara was not here? How was he to... He took a breath to calm himself before nodding to Jacques. \"I see, may I know where she has gone? I wish to settle this matter as soon as possible.\" he explained, keeping his composure despite his disappointment. The older woman continued her translation and Francoeur noticed them all give him pitying looks before Jacques made his reply. \"I am sorry Francoeur, she left this morning aboard a ship, she has gone home.\"[Chapter 20] Cara watched despairingly as England fell from view as her ship made its way away from the island nation and carried her home. Is it home anymore? she thought, though it was where she had lived for so long she felt like she was leaving home behind. Sighing she turned from the sight, unable to bear watching as she made her way to her small crowded quarters. Upon reaching them she wrinkled her nose at the lack of maintenance of her temporary home, that and the lack of proper hygiene displayed by her bunk mate. Groaning she lay in bed, having already changed into her nightgown and she lay down on her side of the room, turning her back on her cabin mate. Then she began to snore, prompting Cara to cover her head with her pillow, she was in for a long week. For the next few days Cara managed the best she could, from battling her crippling despair to her less than friendly shipmates. Several men leered at her, those that tried to kick it up a notch ended up with a sharp blow to the nose or crotch. She was lucky there were a few gentlemen aboard who kept the uncouth in line whenever they attempted to retaliate. Unfortunately even those gentlemen took interest in her, though not so rudely they vied for her attention. Even when wearing her traditional street mouse wear she was targeted by suitors who sometimes attempted to corner her. She was glad when she could get by from falsifying the inability to understand their language or by some other quick thinking tactic. Cara avoided the drinking halls by any means necessary and refused to be near a drunken man or sailor. She spent most of her time either staring at the sea over the railing, trying not to vomit, or hiding in her cabin. For one week she lamented over her choice, she often thought about Francoeur, Lucille, and her friends. She hoped she didn't spoil the wedding of Maude and Emile and that one day Raoul would forgive her for her actions. Many times Cara wished she could reverse her choice, return to Francoeur, be with him, be one. Instead she only shook her head and mourned her loss and prayed for Francoeur to never change. As her cabin mate snored behind her she could only sigh as she thought how fitting her punishment was. After all, if her punishment was a lifetime of loss she was glad it meant a lifetime of life and prosperity for Francoeur. The days came and went, Cara had become disheveled and often felt too weak from her restless sleep. Her only relief came when the horn sounded the ship's arrival to the Manhattan harbor, and there she took her belongings and took a cab home. Myra was greeted by many well wishers, and a few winks and suggestive gestures. Dazed from the mild culture shock she passed through them, only pausing to hand Margaret a potato recipe she had found in Mitch's belongings. Just handing over that one paper left her feeling like she had lost another piece of Mitch due to the memories it represented. But Cara refused to allow her heightened sense of sentimentality ruin something Mitch intended to do when he had returned. After carrying her bags to her room, with a little help from some of her more generous greeters she sat in her room and closed her eyes as the memories of it came flooding back. She remembered the first day she had brought Francoeur in from the streets, how frightened she had been until she had seen his display of civility. She still couldn't quite comprehend what it was that had gotten her to help him in the first place. Sure she may claim it was her father's teachings but it still didn't quite explain why she had been so civil to a giant bug, er flea. She sighed and leaned her head back, along with the rest of her body as she lay on the slightly dusty mattress. She spread her arms and closed her eyes, slowly she breathed in the stagnant air of her room. She could still smell bits of soap from the sheets from when she had washed them several weeks ago. Coming to a similar thought she flipped over and breathed in the scent of the pillow and smiled. She could smell a strangely earthly but organic scent wavering from it. It was the smell she had come accustomed to from being alongside its owner for so long, yet so short, period of time. It smelled just like Francoeur. Sighing she decided not to waste his scent by forcing her own upon it and decided to savor it the best she could before glancing at the several bags she had brought from Paris. Of all of them only one caught her attention and she felt her mildly heightened mood drop down to a bittersweet one. Removing herself form her bed she approached the dilapidated army duffel and opened it, exposing its musky scented contents that had the smell of cigarettes buried deep within them. Though repulsive to most others the scent was heartwarming to Cara as she felt her downed mood rise once again at another familiar scent. The bag contained several pairs of man's wear and she sifted through its contents thoughtfully. She moved aside the worn clothing and came to a single metal canister and she shuddered as mixed feelings grew from the sight of it. It was the silver canister, very basic, but filled with the remains of her dear departed uncle whom she knew would have loved what she had in mind for his remains. Slowly she let her fingers wrap around it and pull it from its resting place within the folds of the clothes he had once worn. She felt her eyes burn as tears began to form and they only gushed out once she clutched the canister to her heart, letting the tears flow freely as she held what remained of her final relative. She didn't stop there, she continued to break apart as her anguish resurfaced anew and tormented her with the images of half remembered memories, yet comforted her in the same instant. After a time she felt the tears cease their flow and she got ready. It was night, there were few people out, and for those that were out didn't pay her any mind. Wearing a coat and hat Cara had disguised herself as a smaller man and made her way to the local cemetery. She carried no lamp nor any means to light her way, she only held her canister and a shovel as she hurried forward, only stopping when others came across her path or to remember her way through the dim light of the half moon. Finally after a while she came to the gated area where both her previous lost family members lay to rest. After looking around for any watchers Cara carefully lay down her shovel and the canister before removing her hat and coat and wrapped them around the canister. Grunting she tossed it carefully over the gate along with the shovel before proceeding to climb it herself. Luckily Cara was used to such feats, having had to learn when she wished to visit her father late at night for comfort. Breathing calmly she gripped the fence, wedging her feet between the gaps and proceeded to clamber over the fence, bypassing the pointed spokes at the top, and landing in a half crouch beside her items. Looking around for any sign of suspicion she grabbed the bundle and her shovel before making her way through the headstones, ignoring the chilly sensations she encountered as she made her way to a familiar headstone. Glancing down at it she smiled sadly at the name of her adopted sire, but it was not the one she intended to complete her task with and she passed by it to the one beside it. Patricia Thompson 1878-1902 Rest Well Immortal Beloved Smiling sadly Cara set the bundle beside the headstone and began to dig. Cara dug for over an hour, only taking breaks when she became too weary to continue or when she ran out of breath. Every now and then she would take a peek to see if she had aroused any suspicion and upon seeing nothing she would continue. After her second hour she felt her shovel clunk as it came upon wood and she continued to dig carefully, exposing the aged wood of the coffin. Sighing in relief Cara climbed from the hole and retrieved her bundle, her hands blistered and raw from her lack of proper gloves. Climbing back in Cara pulled open the lid, wrinkling her nose at the scent of dusty decay as she looked down at her departed aunt, all signs of her beauty gone along with her flesh. All that remained was the sleeping gown she had been dressed to lie in, something her uncle had dressed her in to make her seem as if she had simply lain down to sleep rather than be buried. After her recollection of her aunt she unwrapped the canister and held it for a moment, staring at it in farewell before placing it between the stiff bony fingers of her aunt, letting her hold it to her own heart, for eternity. Cara stared down at the sight for a few more moments, memories of them together stirred within her mind and she knew she had made the right decision and closed the lid. Climbing out Cara then proceeded to rebury her aunt, now reunited with her beloved, and a small poem she had heard her uncle recite to her aunt she smiled and began to say it. Your gentle face and patient smile With sadness we recall You had a kindly word for each And died beloved by all. The voice is mute and stilled the heart, That loved us well and true, Ah, bitter was the trial to part From one so good as you. You are not forgotten loved ones Nor will you ever be, As long as life and memory last We will remember thee. We miss you now, our hearts are sore, As time goes by we miss you more, Your loving smiles, your gentle faces, No one can fill your vacant places. She had amended the poem to include them all and smiled as she looked down at her finished work, sweat dripped from her pores while tears dribbled down her cheeks before she looked at her father one last time. She then picked up the coat and hat and walked away as the sun began to break upon the horizon. She then went to the gate and after a few tries she managed to reach the top and come to the other side, exhausted both physically and mentally from her task. After landing she winced as she fell to the side as she lost her balance and sat there for a moment, contemplating whether to sleep there or not before she forced herself to stand. Sighing she put on the coat and hat as she felt shivers break out throughout her body before gripping the shovel and carrying it as she made her way back to her apartment. Once home she dragged herself upstairs to her room and closed the door behind her before flopping down onto her bed, burying her teary face into the pillow before she fell into a well deserved sleep. The next day Cara barely had the strength to go downstairs and steal a meal from the dinner table and avoid the ongoing questions concerning Mitch. Instead she went upstairs and when she was sure the coast was clear she began to sneak over to Mitch's room and take his items back to her room. Despite her fatigue she continued this throughout the evening, only coming out when the coast was clear and made a few close calls. It took her the entire length of the evening and part of the night to finish her task, it only became easier once everybody had gone to bed. Unfortunately she was too tired to appreciate it as she hurried the items to her room an once the room had been entirely vacated she allowed herself more rest, burying her face in the cigarette scented items strewn about the floor. the next day Cara broke the news to the persistent questioners and it wasn't long before the entire complex knew of Mitch's passing. Cara was glad she had stayed her exposure of the news, it wasn't long before she heard people try to sneak into his room to try and pilfer his items. The attempts were few and far between, she smiled as she gazed at Mitch's saved items before lying her head down to rest once more. Knock Knock Cara frowned, she wondered who would bother her so late and instinctively grabbed the shovel from her previous excursion and went to the door. \"Who is it?\" she called, wary as she held the shovel at the ready. \"Cara...\" The voice, melodious as it was, shocked Cara to the core, immediately the shovel dropped to the floor, making a loud clank before settling. Trembling Cara pressed herself against the door, she begged her senses to be mistaken yet she felt her heart flutter in uncontainable joy at who she had assumed was at the door. Mentally she slapped herself to set herself straight and pulled herself from the door, opening it a crack to peek at her visitor. And there he stood, in all his tall gentlemanly beautiful glory, she felt her heart seize and melt at the same time as she gazed into his penetrating eyes, they were worn from worry but they lost any sign of weariness upon their locked visions. Gulping he made a low bow, making her breath hitch as her heart fluttered from both excitement and dread. Through the bow he kept his eyes locked to hers, unconsciously she felt herself open the door wider, allowing him entrance before he walked in, smoothly and carefully as he surveyed the changed pattern of her home. In order to survey her room he had to break their eye contact, rendering his spell broken and Cara's withheld emotions to burst from her subconscious, flooding her mind with both pain and joy of the occasion. Her mixed feelings swirled within her, making her dizzy as she closed the door, turning to face him, hands gripping the handle to keep her balance. \"Francoeur...\" she whispered, just saying his name made her heart bleed love but she had to remain strong, if she didn't all she had done to protect him would be in vain. She forced herself to remain calm and then translate she resumed her previously learned dialect. \"-Wh-why are you here?\" she forced herself to croak out, wincing internally from how harsh her words seemed. Francoeur, however, did so visibly before be tipped his black hat to her before he proceeded to speak. \"I- I have come to...speak...on better terms.\" he explained. Cara felt her lip tremble and she was forced to bite it to keep it still. \"Fr-you do not need to-\" \"I had to.\" he interrupted, surprising Cara, not only that but his tone was so pained, so broken, it shattered her already broken heart. He cleared his throat, schooling his tone. \"I-I know you said you did not love me, I...will leave after I have finished my explanation and if you still wish for my removal afterwords I will never come back.\" he explained, reaching into his coat carefully. Cara froze, automatically her mind drifted at the words he spoke, the pain before returned in full force and a lump formed in her throat. It wasn't until he withdrew his hand from his coat did her attention return and she stared at it, dazed and very confused. In his hand was a vial, the liquid was dark and reminded Cara of tar and she felt automatic revulsion towards it despite not knowing its contents. \"This is something I had the Professor make for me, a special potion to rid you of the reservations you hold against me.\" he explained, making ready to uncork it. Confused Cara looked at him quizzically, what did he mean 'reservations'? Holding up the now exposed contents Francoeur held it up, as if in toast before holding it to his lips. \"To becoming human.\" he whispered, tipping the vial. Cara heard his words, instantly she panicked and jumped at him, arching her arm and slapping the vial from his grip, shattering it upon the ground then swinging her other hand and slapping him across the face, stunning him. She then wrapped her arms around his neck and buried her face into him, sobbing both in anger and pain. \"Never change! I want you to remain as you are!\" she sobbed. Questions came to her in a torrent, why did she do that? Why was she crying? Why, why?! She sobbed out her replies, she sobbed out how she never wanted him to lose his beauty, to lose his uniqueness, to lose anything about him that made him perfect. She explained how she feared for his safety, about the repercussion about their being together, but most she feared the day she would lose him to this. Gone just from hatred and fear, gone and lost forever just because of her selfishness. Through it all she felt as Francoeur wrapped his arms about her, holding her closely during her confession. After a few moments she slowly began to regain herself, loosening her grip only because of the fatigue of her prior days catching up to her, wearing her out until she was only held up by his arms. Trembling she locked her eyes to his, tears rained down, soaking both of them as she whispered her final confession as he lowered them to the ground, stroking her shoulders and cheeks comfortingly before she fainted in his arms. \"Cara...\" he whispered, stunned by her sudden confessions. He was alarmed to find out she was only trying to protect him, forcing herself to refuse him just to increase his chances of life. Her confession both broke and brightened his heart, she did love him, it made him feel so wonderful to hear her whisper it before she fell into her resting state. For a moment he wondered if she had been denied rest from her choice and he felt empathetic since he too had felt the same exhaustion from his own denied rest. Fortunately for him he had not gone through the excess strain she had and he only became aware of them when he noticed the bandaged blisters on her raw hands. Seeing this he broke from his shock and carried her to her bed, lying her down as he began to attend to her her aches, hoping she would revive soon. Cara woke hours later, her eyes fluttering open and she looked to see Francoeur, half asleep as he held her hands in his but immediately became alert upon her shifting. \"Cara.\" he whispered, relief pouring from the melody of his words, giving Cara joy filled shivers to her mending heart. Trembling Cara tried to speak but was only met by a finger to her lips as he silenced her with an exposed hand before stroking her cheek with another. He leaned towards her, she smiled weakly, still feeling as if she were dreaming when his lips pressed against hers, and the warmth that filled her told her this was no dream. He kept them pressed together for a few more moments, both new to the experience as they melted against one another and Cara smiled, happy to know it was no dream before pulling away. \"Francoeur...T'aime\" Francoeur smiled and responded by locking lips, more passionately this time. Cara sat beside Francoeur, hands locked together as they watched the procession before them. Cara smiled, leaning her head against Francoeur's shoulder and he lay his head upon hers as Emile and Maude made their vows. After placing their rings upon one another the bishop nodded at the ceremony. \"I now pronounce you Man and Wife.\" he said, just then a light sprinkle of glitter rained upon them. Lightly coated but glowing all the same, if not more from the glitter, they made their way down from their pedestal and were surrounded by congrats from all the guests. Raoul clapped and whistled while Lucille clapped beside him, glancing at Cara and winking as she saw how close Cara was to Francoeur. After their congratulations everybody went to celebrate with music as Lucille went to the stage and Francoeur kissed Cara before taking his place onstage and began to sing. Oh my sweet, you're so divine! These will be the Ties that Bind! Never more upon the shore Shall I travel alone Those days of of loneliness Thinking to never atone United we shall rise as one As the pain is forever gone These will be the Ties that Bind Forever my love These will be the Ties that Bind To heaven and above! Together, forever, never alone Each other, one another, and then some! Our heart forever entwined, These will be the Ties that Bind We shall stay together, never to unwind, These will be the Ties that Bind! Hearts together as one beat Together sharing love so sweet Never again to be alone Nothing more to atone Rise above the pain Hurt no more, never again Oh my sweet you're so divine These will be the Ties that Bind! The End ha ha... ha ha ha... HAHAHAHAAA... HAHAHAHAHAAAAA! Made you look ;) PREPARE FOR POSSIBILITIEEEESS! END! wow, I FINALLY finished this story. This is the longest I ever stuck to a story and honestly I thought nobody would even like it. Imagine my surprise when people started to make replies left and right. I admit I MIGHT make a continuance of this story but don't hold your breath. I thank you all for sticking with me through my writing drought and I sincerely do hope you have had fun reading this little semi-musical of mine. All of the songs and poems are of my own (except the Loving Memories one, I copied that from a remembrance card) and honestly...yeah I have no clue what the tunes I thought of when I wrote them, even the one just at the end of the story. If you have questions feel free to message me on my DeviantArt- klevry1 Fanfiction- Here Youtube- klevry1 Tumblr- klevry1 Facebook- HAH! FAT CHANCE! Good luck! ~TFAArtFreak PS: Cover art belongs to me, I drew it, its mine. :( ...XD ","Summary":" The large singer looked around, he had never seen such a vessel. It was large and it rocked from si"},{"Movie":"Pinocchio","Title":"The Wood Who Became Real","Author":"MediaMaster 263","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12855616","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Prologue 1: Home Sweet Home Jiminy's POV (AN: play When You Wish Upon a Star) Jiminy: When you wish upon a star, makes no difference who you are. Anything your heart desires, will come to you. If your heart is in your dream, no request is too extreme. When you wish upon a star, as dreamers do. Fate is kind. She brings to those who love the sweet fulfillment of their secret longing. Like a bolt out of the blue, fate steps in and sees you through. When you wish upon a star, your dreams come true. Pretty, huh? I'll bet a lot of you folks don't believe that... about a wish coming true. Well, I didn't, either. Of course, I'm just a cricket, singing my way from hearth to hearth. But let me tell you what made me change my mind. To do that, we will have to go way back to the beginning. One night a long time ago, my travels took me to a quaint little village. Right here in Tuscany, Italy itself. It was a beautiful night. The stars were shining like diamonds. High above the roofs of that sleepy old town. Pretty as a picture. Tuscany is known for its landscapes, traditions, history, artistic legacy, and its influence on high culture. It is regarded as the birthplace of the Italian Renaissance, but that's a story for another time. Anyway, As I wandered along the crooked streets, there wasn't a soul to be seen. The only sign of life was a lighted window in the shop of a woodcarver named Geppetto. So, I hopped over and looked in. It was a shame to see a nice, cheerful fire going' to waste. So what do I do? I go in. I looked around. Of course, being in a strange place like that, I didn't know what to expect. A cricket can't be too careful, you know. Soon as I saw there was no one about, I made myself at home. As I stood there warming myself, I took a look around. Well, sir, you never saw such a place. The most fantastic clocks you ever laid your eyes on, and all carved out of wood. Cute little music boxes and shelf after shelf of toys ... each one a work of art. As I went off to admire more of this Geppetto's work, I overheard some mumbling and out of a corner, appeared an old man. Probably Mr. Geppetto himself. I quickly hid behind one of the clocks, as to not be caught for trespassing. As I kept looking at the carver, he began to start working \"Let's see now. If I remember correctly, Ms. Livermore needed a new clock for her new classroom. Okay, time to get to work.\" I wondered who this Ms. Livermore character was. Sounds like he's got a cutie on his mind. Ah, I remember going after some dames myself. Those were the nights. Anyway, I saw the master carver at work, and I was impressed. He worked like there was no tomorrow. He cut, he shaved, he twisted and turned, and painted with all this passion. It felt like visiting an art museum or watching a magic show. Once he finished, It looked spectacular. Unfortunately, the clock I was hiding in started to go off, revealing little ol' me. I sprung out of there and landed in a jar of paint, in clear view of the old timer. \"Huh? What's this?\" Gepetto asked with a curious expression. He proceeded to pluck me out of there and dried me off. \"Oh, a little cricket.\" \"Hehehe, how do you do good sir?\" To say I was nervous was an understatement. I felt like I was on trial for a heinous crime. Who knows what this man would do to me now? Immediately, I started to ramble apologies. \"I'msorryI'msorryI'llbegoodsodon' -\" \"Whoa whoa whoa! Calm down there, little fella. I'm not gonna hurt you.\" \"What? You're not?\" \"Of course not. What gave you that idea?\" This was definitely one of the nicest man I've ever seen. He's treating someone breaking into his house like one of his children accidently broke a pencil. I was at ease a little bit, but still felt guilty about the ordeal. \"Well, it's just that I sort of invited myself in here for comfort and-\" \"Why, if you needed a place to stay, why didn't you say so?\" asked the old carpenter. \"Well, I didn't think you were kind to strangers.\" He then leaned to me with a wink and said, \"To tell you the truth, you aren't the only one staying with me.\" With that, he straightened up and whistled and shouted \"CHLOE, ANTONIO! MEET OUR NEW GUEST!\" With that, a dog charged up to the old man and started to lick his face with joy. The sight made me chuckle a bit, until I saw a mouse next to me. I was a bit shocked as to why as mouse was here, \"Mr. Cricket, meet my dog Antonio,\" he pointed to the dog who barked happily, \"and the mouse is Chloe. Like you, she also needs a home for her own.\" \"How do you do?\" I introduced myself to the mouse and she bowed in respect. So far, Chloe seemed like a respectable girl. Immediately, I remembered what was going on and went back to talk to Geppetto. \"Mr. Geppeto, I appreciate the offer, but I don't want to impose.\" \"Oh, hush. The more, the merrier I say. We're friends now and friends don't abandon each other, no matter what.\" I smiled at the man. He offered a home to me out of the goodness of his heart, without a second thought. How could I not accept? Especially now that I gained a new friend. \"Well then, Jiminy's the name. Jiminy Cricket.\" I took out my hand do he could shake it, and he offered his finger as we shook. \"Thank you for your offer. If there's anything I can do to repay you, just name it.\" \"Well, I could use some extra help at the shop. These crafts don't make themselves, you know. It would surely be grand if you could lend a hand.\" \"Say no more sir. Consider me for hire.\" I saluted as Geppetto chuckled in amusement. The two of us looked at the clock and realized the time. \"Well, looks like it's time for bed. Come Jiminy, I'll set up a bed for you.\" I hopped happily onto his shoulder. \"I got a good feeling about this partner.\" I said with great certainty. \"Jiminy, I think this is the start of a beautiful friendship.\" Geppetto replied as we headed of for some R and R. And boy he was right. From that day on, we created a bond so great, nothing could tear us apart. I know that sounds a bit cheesy, but that's what friendship is like. But little did we know, that our little family was about to become greater than we could ever imagined. TO BE CONTINUED...[Chapter 2] Prologue 2: What life is all about Geppetto's POV To think that having a new roommate can help work go much faster than ever. Ever since I met that Jiminy fellow, my workload has decreased and sales have been booming. Oh, my cricket friend has helped me more than I could ever realize. I just wish there was a way to repay him for all the help. It's nice to have a friend to talk to during and after work hours. Sure, Chloe and Antonio are wonderful to hang around, but they just don't give me their opinions on some decisions and topics like Jiminy does. Anyway, where was I? Oh yes, I'm off delivering this new clock to Ms. Livermore. Kathleen Livermore to be exact. She was probably the sweetest girl you have ever met. On top of that, she is one of my best customers, always purchasing many of my crafts for either her classroom or for people who need it most. Kathleen would always come by the shop and buy my creations, spreading the word to help business boom. How do I know her so well? Well, she and I went back ever since we were youngins ourselves. I remember her parents would often ask me to babysit her while they were away. But, back at the task at hand. As I approached the classroom, I noticed it was more rowdy than usual. Sure, many of her students were a little jumpy, but this was a whole new level. I guess it made sense since there wasn't an adult in the room. My hunch says Kathleen must have overslept again, one of her infamous habits you see. The room was in a bit of an uproar. I could see a circle forming around some students. The crowd was cheering on as a boy and girl were clobbering each other while another boy and girl tried to break them apart. It was absolute madness, so I put an end to it. \"EXCUSE ME!\" I shouted, gaining the attention of each child. Everyone of them sped back to their seats faster than the blink of an eye. Well, except the two who were fighting. They merely looked at me and then the floor. I put on a disappointed look and said \"Would you like to tell me what is going on?\" At once, the children spoke. I won't go into detail about what they're saying, mostly because I couldn't understand a word they are saying. When it comes to children, they become hard to understand when they are upset and when they were arguing with each other. Eventually, it lead to an all out screaming match until- \"FWEET!\" a whistle came from the door and revealed Kathleen herself. Her fashion sense changed nearly every day, but today, she had her hair tied in a bun fashion and she will be wearing a dark brown shirt with stripes and a light black blouse. If you thought I was disappointed in those children, wait until they get a load from Kathleen. She marched into the room to the children with a frown, as if waiting for an explanation \"We're sorry, Ms. Livermore.\" chorused the children. \"Sorry for what?\" said Kathleen, in a tone that suggested that this wasn't the first time she had to scold these two. \"Lampwick called me not a girl!\" yelled the girl to the boy, named Lampwick, on her right. \"You sure don't act like one.\" replied Lampwick, in a pretty snide remark. \"Why you-\" \"CHILDREN!\" yelled Kathleen. The kids immediately silenced. Pretty great talent to have. Got it from her time with me. \"Now, Lampwick and Veronica. This is the fourth time in a row you two got into a fight. And in front of a guest too. I wish I didn't have to do this, but you two will have to stay after school.\" \"What?\" chorused the children once again. This was pretty impressive since apparently they don't like each other. I bet once they reconnect in their thirties, they'll get married. \"No buts. Now, go sit in your seats so class can begin.\" The two sighed and walked to their seats. I decided to make my presence known to her. \"You know, it wasn't too long ago that I had to deliver that speech to you.\" \"Please, I was never that wild and chaotic.\" scoffed Kathleen. I just chuckled in response to this. No matter how much she wants to deny it, we all were this chaotic as kids. \"Here's the clock you ordered.\" I said as I delivered the clock. \"Oh thank you, Mr. Geppetto. And here's the fee.\" she replied and paid the price of 15 lira. \"I'm sorry for the trouble my students caused. They aren't usually this rambunctious.\" \"It's all right. I'll see you later.\" I said as I walked out. Same old Kathleen, alright. XXX The day went off as usual for an old timer such as myself. Went to buy groceries, sold some more clocks and tableware, and somehow purchased a fine pair of boots that were on sale for only 10 lira. What a steal! Of course, when the sun sets, the day closes. I was just about to close up shop when I noticed Jiminy walking to the door. \"Jiminy, where are you going?\" I asked, as it was very unusual for him to be going out this late. \"Oh, well you know, I was just going to hit the town. Play some pool, meet some ladies, you know the drill.\" replied my cricket friend. Indeed I get it, that's what most bachelors did for nights out. As for me, well.. \"I see. Well, have fun.\" I said as I turned in for the night. \"Geppetto wait!\" Jiminy stopped me for a moment. \"Why don't you come with me? You know, we haven't had much time to hangout outside of work hours. Could be a fun experience.\" \"Oh, I don't know. I haven't been out in years. I feel I'm just too old for that sort of thing.\" \"Nonsense, it'll be fun! What to do say?\" I wasn't too sure about this, but when was the last time I had fun? It did seem like we were going to have a good time. \"I say,\" as I went to grab my hat and coat, \"Let's step out.\" Jiminy jumped onto my shoulder and we walked out the door. XXX Did I say a fun time, I meant a miserable time. Okay, it wasn't so bad, but I lost about 4 games at the pool house and so far, all the women were either too young or weren't interested. I sighed as I looked at my mug. Not even this drink can drown my sorrow. I knew when enough was enough. I paid my tab and left. As I walked out the door, I looked to the night sky. When I began to walk, Jiminy hopped onto my shoulder. \"Hey, Geppetto, everything alright?\" asked my cricket friend out of concern. \"I guess I'm not cut out for bachelor night anymore. I'm not extremely lucky at gambling and my luck for women is even worse.\" \"Well, in your defense, there wasn't much to handle with.\" \"Thank you for your concern, but I'm fine. I guess my dream isn't meant to be.\" I sighed once again and walked straight home. \"Dream? You have a dream?\" I stopped in shock, as I realized what I said. \"Um, why don't we forget about it, okay?\" \"Oh no, you have something your hiding, so spill!\" insisted Jiminy. \"Well, I guess I dream of a simpler life.\" \"More simple than making wood carvings?\" \"There's that, but I would like to have a family one day. Someone to love and spend my days with and children of my very own. Oh, what would I give to have a family. But alas, the woman for me is not within my grasp.\" I declared with a solemn expression. For thirty-six years I've been looking and so far, nothing. Jiminy said nothing as he sat down. I walked in silence, until it was Jiminy who broke it. \"You know, maybe someday it will happen. You never know what happens in the world. And if anything, I'll help you find that woman.\" \"You would do that for me?\" \"Geppetto, you're my best friend. You gave me a home, a well paid job, a taste of friendship. It's the least I could do for you, pal.\" said Jiminy with a smile. I said nothing and smiled back. As I walked back to the house, I couldn't help but wonder: maybe he was right. Maybe, just maybe, my luck was about to change. TO BE CONTINUED...[Chapter 3] Prologue 3: Troubles with Life Julietta's POV It seems that nothing is ever easy in life. That is a lesson my parents taught me when I was a mere toddler. However, this lesson would often come forth again and again as I continued my existence. It's not that I would get in trouble, but rather that I would be roped into the trouble. Most famously, the trouble caused by Veronica. Now, don't get the idea that she isn't a sweet person because she is and is my best friend, it is just that her temper often gets the better of her. To understand this, let me take you back to this morning. Now, the day was nothing new to me. I was on my merry way to school and met Veronica at the entrance. We sat next to each other in class, so we made sure to arrive at the same time in order to have more time to talk to each other. Ms. Livermore isn't very keen on us speaking during class, especially if she is in the middle of a lesson. Anyway, when we entered the building, many children had arrived, but it seem Ms. Livermore is not present. She does that sometimes, but never explains. We went to take our seats and who do we find in one of the corners? Jerome and Lampwick. Two boys who cause both Veronica and me trouble. Now, Jerome isn't so bad of a guy. In fact, the two of us both are victims of circumstances when it comes to our troublesome friends. Not to say that Lampwick isn't a good person either, but he always acted like a bad apple. He often played hooky and pulling pranks on other people, and many times will he and Veronica get into a fight. Today proved no different. \"Well, well, well. If it ain't Sturdy Verny. It's a displeasure to see you here.\" said Lampwick with a snide. Sturdy Verny was a nickname he gave to Veronica due to her being strong. And Veronica didn't like it one bit. \"I told you, my name is 'Veronica', Lampweeny!\" replied Veronica. Lampweeny was her nickname for Lampwick, combining his name with 'weeny'. I think it's because she thinks he's a weeny. \"Take that back, Sturdy Verny!\" \"Make me, Lampweeny!\" This went on for a while. It usually does. I sort of tuned out their bickering since I knew where it would lead. I instead took notice of the fact Ms. Livermore was a little more late than usual. Not by much, but it seemed a little noticeable. I nudged over to Jerome, who was busy face-palming over how his friend is acting like a fool again. \"Hey, sorry about all this.\" I apologized on Veronica's behalf. \"Don't be. If anything, I'm sorry for Lampwick's ego.\" replied Jerome. Even though he treasured their friendship, I could tell that he would get annoyed by Lampwick's antics as well. To be honest, I don't know how Lampwick and Veronica became so sour. She never told me what happened that caused them to have bad blood. Either way, the two got into a fist fight, as to what I expected. Jerome and I decided to play our roles as the voices of reason and tried to break it up, much to no avail. The room was in a bit of an uproar. I could see a circle forming around some students. The other children started to cheer them on, until we heard a shout. \"EXCUSE ME!\" someone shouted, gaining the attention of each child. Everyone of them sped back to their seats faster than the blink of an eye. Well, except Lampwick and Veronica. They merely looked at the man and then the floor. He looked sour and said \"Would you like to tell me what is going on?\" At once, the two spoke. To be honest, I had no idea what their saying, but I think somewhere along the rambles I heard that Lampwick didn't think of Veronica as a girl, and that is something you don't do with Veronica. Event though she was a little rough like a boy, she took pride in being a girl. Eventually, it lead to an all out screaming match until- \"FWEET!\" a whistle came from the door and revealed Ms. Livermore. Her fashion sense changed nearly every day, but today, she had her hair tied in a bun fashion and she will be wearing a dark brown shirt with stripes and a light black blouse. She marched into the room to the children with a frown, as if waiting for an explanation. \"We're sorry, Ms. Livermore.\" chorused Lampwick and Veronica. \"Sorry for what?\" said Ms. Livermore, in a tone that suggested that this wasn't the first time she had to scold these two. \"Lampwick called me not a girl!\" yelled Veronica. \"You sure don't act like one.\" replied Lampwick, in a pretty snide remark. \"Why you-\" \"CHILDREN!\" yelled Ms. Livermore. They immediately silenced. Pretty great talent to have. Got to learn it sometime. \"Now, Lampwick and Veronica. This is the fourth time in a row you two got into a fight. And in front of a guest too. I wish I didn't have to do this, but you two will have to stay after school.\" \"What?\" they chorused once again. This was pretty impressive since they don't like each other. You know, it may seem silly, but they fight like those adults who kiss and hug each other. My parents call them a couple. Yeah, that's exactly what Lampwick and Veronica act like. Sure they don't kiss or hug, but they do fight like a couple. \"No buts. Now, go sit in your seats so class can begin.\" The two sighed and walked to their seats. I saw Ms. Livermore talk to the man a bit, he handed her a clock, and he left. I think I saw him once when my mom and I went shopping. Anyway, after that mess, school started. XXX As expected, it took about 2 hours to clean the classroom. It might've been done in only 1, but knowing Veronica, she would've fight with Lampwick the whole time. You can even hear them shout from the windows if you listen closely. What follows is them leaving in a huff, dragging each of their friends with them to complain. For me, Veronica would explain how Lampwick was a \"major jerkwad\" who acts like a virus to ruin people's lives. She still won't explain why she and Lampwick are on bad terms or at the very least how they met. She would always change the subject to playing with my dolls. That's Veronica for you. It seems like my life is very rough, considering how today went. Well, try imagining that everyday, ever since the day Lampwick came into Veronica's life. I guess I can't complain too much since it always got a bit more interesting each day. However, I've come to realized that life has become a routine, one which I feel should at least change a bit. I tried to get Veronica to open up to more people, but in the end, it's usually just the two of us. I even tried to get Lampwick and Veronica to stop fighting and become friends, only to end in a disaster that resulted in the two getting grounded for nearly 4 weeks. I wonder when things will change for the better, just something that can make things better for all of us. Little did I know, I would soon get my wish. It wasn't until ten days after today's disaster that I would meet the person that changed my life, forever… TO BE CONTINUED...[Chapter 4] Ch. 1: Knock on Wood Geppetto's POV When Jiminy said he was going to find me a date, he surely wasn't pulling my leg. Ever since that night out, he has arranged multiple dates for me with whichever woman was available. Each date a bit more interesting than the last, but they just weren't the girl I was looking for. Most of the double dates he sets up for the both of us end with him entertaining the girls. While it was amusing at times, it started to wear me down. I swear, I'm not as young as I used to be. It seems I can't keep up with these youngsters as much as I initially thought. Business was the same as usual. A costumer here and there, and one or two deliveries. Once I begun to close up the shop, Jiminy caught my attention to something. \"What seems to be the matter?\" \"It seems we are running out of wood, Geppetto.\" said Jiminy. I looked at the fireplace in confusion and then back at him. \"But, we have plenty of wood for the cold. We should be warm and toasty for another month.\" \"No, not firewood.\" replied Jiminy, much to my embarrassment. \"I'm talking about the wood we use to carve our knickknacks. Our supplies have dwindled and at this rate, we'll barely have enough to finish the week with.\" I decided to inspect the wood to see what we're dealing with. \"Well my friend, we have enough for tomorrow's shop hours. However, I'm going to have to step out to purchase more wood. Think you can handle a day by yourself?\" I was sure Jiminy could handle the shop himself, but I needed to hear it from him so I can be 100% sure. \"No worries Geppetto. I'll make sure this ship shall sail on forward until you make your return.\" said Jiminy, as he saluted. \"Thank you very much. I shouldn't be too long.\" I said, walking to get ready for the next day. XXX I decided to leave a bit earlier than planned so that I would have enough time to get the wood and be able to return to help with the shop. Now, normally a person would have to pay around 20 lira, but the shop owner, Mr. Collodi, is a very good friend of mine, so he gives me a nice discount. The shopping procedure was the same as usual, find some pieces of wood, pay, then go off on my merry way. I did strike some commentary with Collodi, considering the old codger still has many exciting stories about his life to tell. Then again, I'm in no room to talk. Anyway, I managed to get back to the shop in time for Jiminy's break to be over. As I entered the shop, I noticed Jiminy all tuckered and worn out from lugging all those antiques to the counter, not to mention placing the money in the drawers. \"Geppetto...uh...thank goodness...you came back!\" panted Jiminy. I chuckled a bit and replied with, \"It looks like you had a hard time without me around.\" \"Hard is an understatement, my friend! I think I...I think I...I...\" then he fell asleep then and there. I decided to close early as thanks for the hard work he did while I was gone. I took one final glance at the pile of wood, wondering why I was doing so to begin with. For some reason, it feels like this wood would bring something special to this world. XXX I put Jiminy in his little bed, and went to my work bench to begin my newest creation. The question is, what to make? \"What to make indeed?\" I pondered. I knew I couldn't just make another clock or chair like I did for the others. No, this block of wood was special, I could feel it. As such, it deserved to be made into something more worthwhile. My mind wondered to some of the figurines on the shelves, and II began to wonder, why not make another one? Only thing is, this figure should be slightly different. I then thought of the next best thing: a marionette. Yes, children love those puppets with strings and to play with them around and around. Or, maybe I could sell it to some performer so it could be a famous star. I began my work right away. I carved and carved for many hours. As a result, I got a couple of splinters from carving the thing, considering that I plan to make it child sized. Once the structure of the marionette was finished, I decided to paint it more presentable. By the time I finished, the sun started to set. Fortunately for me, I was putting the finishing touches on my next creation. Hopefully, this little puppet will bring happiness to some lucky fellow. Knock on wood, as they say. TO BE CONTINUED...[Chapter 5] Ch. 2: When You Wish Upon a Star... Jiminy's POV Boy, what a tiring day. We were running out of wood to make all the knickknacks we sell, so Geppetto had to go out to buy some more. Meanwhile, I stayed behind to look after the shop, an boy oh boy, was it a challenge! The customer line wasn't especially big, but it was enough to call in rush orders. First of all, there was the issue of getting the certain item the customer wanted, which involved a lot of running back and forth from the register to the shelves. And let me tell you, it was all tiring and downhill from there. After the shift was done, I was so doggone tired that I conked out. I'm not sure what happened after that, but as I woke up from my slumber, the first sight I took was a pair of eyes piercing at my soul. \"AAAAAHHHHHH!\" I screamed as I tried to hide from whatever monster was trying to come at me. I hid behind one of the clocks and prayed that I don't get eaten alive. I mustered some courage to look from my hiding place to see if I'm being chased, only to realize that it was nothing but a puppet. A marionette to be exact. I chuckled to myself of the thought of hiding from a marionette. I took a closer inspection at the wooden toy. \"Hmm, cute little fella. Wonder if this is Geppetto's new best seller.\" \"Ah, you're awake, my friend. Glad to see you rested.\" I heard Geppetto from the other room as he entered in. \"Well, while you were napping, I decided to work on another creation.\" \"It's looking dandy indeed, Geppetto.\" I replied with a smile. \"You even gave it clothes and everything. Aw shucks, did you paint it hair?\" \"Well, a boy's supposed to have hair, is it not?\" \"Do you think he'll sell?\" When I asked that, Geppetto had a little frown on his face. He then replied with, \"You know, I'm not so sure I should sell it.\" \"How come? Most people are willing to pay a barrel of coins for a fine marionette like him.\" I asked, wondering what was going on in the man's head. \"I know, but call it a gut feeling.\" Geppetto then proceeded to pick him up and showed it to me. \"Besides, who could sell a face like this?\" I looked at the puppet, who just smiled in return. All I could do is chuckle and say, \"Well, he does look like a keeper. If he's going to stay here, then we should give him a name.\" Geppetto nodded and begun to think. He thought and thought for what felt like hours, and suddenly, he snapped his fingers and said. \"I know, we'll call him Pinocchio.\" XXX \"Ahh, this is my idea of comfort. Silent comfort.\" I got comfy in my bed for a good nights rest. My eyes wondered over to the pup-I mean Pinocchio. He was tucked on the shelf with the other clocks and birdhouses, view able to the naked eye, smiling like he has no care in the world. As I looked at the fella, I began to think that this guy might bring some good luck to us. Maybe it was just an intuition, but I had a feeling good ol' Pinoke will go down in history. My thoughts were interrupted when I heard Geppetto praying. I decided to have a little peek into his room. There he was, at the foot of his bed, looking at the stars in the sky. \"Look at him, Antonio.\" he said to the dog. \"He almost looks alive. Wouldn't it be nice if he was a real boy?\" It was then he noticed a star blinking in the sky, indicating that a wish star was now upon us. \"Oh, look! Look! A wishing star! Starlight, star bright, first star I see tonight... I wish I may, I wish I might have the wish I make tonight. Antonio, you know what I wish? I wish that my little Pinocchio might be a real boy.\" With that, he tucked himself in and drifted to sleep. \"So that's why he kept the wooden head.\" I pondered to myself. He modeled the puppet after what he would want in a child of his own. It was as if he viewed Pinoke as his son. Though a bit weird, it was a little sweet. Then, I realize I should hit the sack as well. However, before I got into bed, a bright light shinned through the window. As I looked on, the light began to take shape, giving me a wonder beyond my eyes. What I now gazed upon was a beautiful woman. Her hair was flowing down to her back. She wore long blue gloves that go up to her elbows and the dress may not have covered her shoulders, but luckily it did cover the rest of her body. It was like looking at Cinderella, but the clothing pattern will have shooting stars on it and it sparkled like gemstones. In her hand was a wand with a star on it as long as a baton and she had wings that sparkled like the stars in the skies. It then clicked in my head that she was a fairy. As I live and breathe, a fairy! As I kept watching, she walked to where Geppetto was sleeping. \"Good Geppetto, you have given so much happiness to others. You deserve to have your wish come true.\" she said with an angelic voice. With that, she walked into the crafting room, and set her sights on Pinocchio. \"Little puppet made of pine, it is time to wake with the gift of life.\" She waved her wand and tipped Pinocchio's nose with it. He started to glow just like her, and once the glittering stopped, I saw him blink. He fidgeted around and lost his smile, rubbed his eyes, and looked at the room Pinocchio started to wave his arms, whispering \"I can move.\" He stopped in shock and continued to speak. \"I can talk.\" He began to move about as well. \"I can walk.\" He tottered, until he fell. The fairy just chuckled and said \"Yes Pinocchio, I have given you life.\" \"Why?\" asked the walking, talking marionette. \"Because tonight Geppetto wished for a real boy.\" \"Am I a real boy?\" \"No, Pinocchio. To make Geppetto's wish come true will be enterely up to you.\" She moved closer to him and proceeded to continue with her explanation. \"Prove yourself brave, truthful and unselfish, and someday you will be a real boy.\" Pinocchio looked in awe and amazement, gushing at the idea of being a real boy. The fairy continued on with, \"It won't be easy though. You must learn to chose between right and wrong.\" \"Right… and wrong? How will I know?\" \"Your conscience will tell you.\" \"What's a conscience?\" he asked and that's when I lost it. To think the kid wanted to be a real boy and didn't even know from right and wrong. I ran up to him and said, \"I'll tell ya what a conscience is! A conscience is that small voice people won't listen to. That's just the trouble with the world today.\" \"Are you my conscience?\" asked the boy, only to leave me in confusion. \"Who, me?\" I asked. I mean, I knew a bit about the world, but being a conscience for another living being? Why, that seemed like a huge responsibility. \"Well, would you like to be Pinocchio's conscience?\" the Blue Fairy asked, noticing my presence. I couldn't even respond to that. Being a conscience wasn't really in my job description, but then I looked at ol' Pinoke. He was just looking at me with a blank stare, as if he was hopelessly lost. I pondered and pondered, but I then decided that I will take on this task. Besides, how hard could it be? \"Well, I could give it a try.\" I replied. \"Very well! What is your name?\" \"Oh, Cricket's the name. Jiminy Cricket.\" I answered with a tip of my hat. \"Kneel, Mr. Cricket.\" I kneeled to her and she waved her wand once more. \"I dub you Pinocchio's conscience. Lord High Keeper of the Knowledge of Right and Wrong, Counselor in moments of temptation and guide along the straight and narrow path.\" With that, I began to notice my attire changed. I went from wearing rags to being in a full colored suit. It was definitely a sight to behold. \"Well! Ho-ho-ho! My,my! Mmm! Say, that's pretty swell. Gee… thanks!\" I said as I admired my new duds. \"Now remember, Pinocchio, be a good boy. And always let your conscience be your guide.\" the Blue Fairy said as he dissolved into a light and flew out the window. I waved goodbye, saying \"Goodbye milady.\" while Pinocchio yelled \"GOODBYE!\" and waved like I did. We looked out that window and just like that, she was gone. TO BE CONTINUED...[Chapter 6] Ch. 3: A Family Was Born Pinocchio's POV \"Oh, yeah. Almost forgot about you.\" said Mr. Cricket. He seems mighty happy. Wonder why. Before I could ask, he continued. \"Well, Pinoke, maybe you and I had better have a little heart-to-heart talk.\" I had no idea what he meant, so I just asked why. \"Why?\" and he replied with \"Well, you want to be a real boy, don't you?\" And then I nodded, which seemed to be the right answer. All of this is pretty weird. Mr. Cricket continued to talk when he said \"All right, son. Now you see the world is full of temptations.\" \"Temptations?\" I asked in wonder. \"Yep! Temptations. They're the wrong things that seem right at the time, but even though the right things may seem wrong, sometimes the wrong things may be right at the wrong time or… visa versa. Understand?\" I had no idea what he was saying, and I made that clear by saying that. \"Nope, but I'm gonna do right.\" \"Atta boy, Pinoke, and I'm gonna help ya! And anytime you need me, you know, just whistle like this.\" And he made a weird sound come from his lips. I tried to do the same thing, but nothing came out. He chuckled and said, \"That's alright, you'll get there. In the mean time, just holler my name, Jiminy Cricket.\" \"Okay, Mr. Cricket.\" I saluted and he chuckled again. He seems to do that a lot. Wonder if other people do that. \"How 'bout just Jiminy? 'kay?\" \"Okay, Jiminy.\" I saluted again. I felt something bubbly in me and my face started to stretch. Wonder what that is all about? Anyway, I march off, but then I fell off the floor onto another floor. Weird, huh? \"Who's there?\" I heard a voice say, so I replied with \"It's me.\" I then heard him mumble something, I couldn't hear what he was saying. However, the invisible man then shouted \"WHAT DO YOU MEAN, 'IT's ME'!\" and ran straight into my view. Turns out he wasn't invisible. \"He he, look Geppetto, ol' Pinoke started kicking.\" chuckled Jiminy, though I could tell that behind that smile, he seemed squeamish. \"Jiminy, I guess I'm not dreaming, am I?\" said the man. He turned to look at me. \"Are you real?\" I pointed to myself, wondering what is real. \"Oh, he's as real as I am small. Remembered when you wished for Pinocchio to be a real boy, well the stars above granted your wish!\" exclaimed Jiminy as he was making noises as he was jumping. The old man started doing the same thing, even louder than Jiminy. \"Oh, Pinocchio! A real boy! It's my wish, it's come true! He's alive, he can talk!\" Then he picked me up and twirled me around and around. I didn't feel so good afterwards and he noticed and put me on some tall floor. \"This calls for a celebration!\" He then went and turned on come weird boxes that started to make noises. Everyone started to prance around, the two furry things, the old man, and Jiminy. It was confusing, but I started to join them. Jiminy mentioned that this is what everyone calls \"dancing\". It was really fun. \"My son, I must introduce you to the family!\" He picked me up again and took me to the furry thing. \"This is my dog, Antonio. Say hello.\" \"Hello.\" I waved, and he licked my face. Silly dog. The man took me to the wet thing and said, \"And say hello to my mouse, Chloe.\" \"Hello.\" I waved, and she waved back with that stretching line on her face that was on mine. In fact, everyone had one. I think Jiminy mentioned it as a \"smile\". Anyway, we all were dancing and prancing the night away. I could tell I was going to like it here. TO BE CONTINUED...[Chapter 7] Ch. 4: Let Your Conscience Be Your Guide Jiminy's POV \"Like this?\" Pinoke says, trying to whistle again, but nothing comes out. Oh boy, have I got a lot of teaching to do for him. Not even a full day after he comes to life and I have to start with the basics. Well, I am his conscience, and as such it's my job to set him straight. The question is, how? \"No son. Now listen.\" I whistled for him again and wait for him to try it now. Pinocchio whistled again, and he finally did it. \"I did it, I did it Jiminy!\" cheered Pinocchio, as he was dancing with joy. Man oh man, I am feeling so proud now. \"That's it! Come on, now! Let's sing it!\" I shout and as if on cue, music played (AN: Feel free to play Give a Little Whistle in the background as you read this. That's right! It's a musical fanfic!) Jiminy Cricket: When you get in trouble and you don't know right from wrong give a little whistle! ( whistles into his hat ) give a little whistle! ( echo whistle ) When you meet temptation and the urge is very strong give a little whistle! ( Pinocchio whistles in his hat ) give a little whistle! ( nothing comes out ) not just a little squeak, pucker up and blow and if your whistle's weak, yell Pinocchio: Jiminy Cricket! Jiminy Cricket: Right! Take the straight and narrow path and if you start to slide give a little whistle! ( both whistle ) give a little whistle! ( both whistle ) and always let your conscience be your guide. ( both start tap dancing, all across the house. Along the way, Antonio and Chloe start dancing as well. Geppetto sees them dancing, smiles, and gets back to work ) Take the straight and narrow path and if you start to slide give a little whistle! Yoo-hoo! give a little whistle! Woo-hoo! I will always let your conscience be your guide. Pinocchio: And always let your conscience be your guide! ( Pinocchio trips and falls, tumbling into the wall) \"Are you alright, Pinoke?\" I ask with worry. I knew the kid was new to walking, but I didn't think he would tumble this hard. Fortunately, he stood up with a smile and said, \"I'm alright, and if I'm not, I'll give a little whistle to tell you if I'm hurt.\" and to prove it, he whistles a big one. I couldn't help but chuckle. \"Sounds like you boys had fun. Come now, it's time to get to work.\" Geppetto intervenes, reminding us that we have an antique shop to run. \"Sure thing, Geppetto.\" I said with a salute and went to my station. Pinocchio stood there a bit confused and asked me \"What is work?\" \"Oy, you don't make this easy for me, do ya kid?\" I asked with a slap to my forehead. I realized this kid was going to be a real piece of work. Well, I mean he literally is one, but I meant it in a metaphorical sense. Yet, I can't help but smile either way. There was something special about ol' Pinoke and I knew that things were about to get even more interesting. TO BE CONTINUED...[Chapter 8] Ch. 5: Life with Pets Pinocchio's POV Things sure are pretty fun around here. Jiminy has been helping me and teaching me lots of stuff about right and wrong. Not to mention that Papa Geppetto is also teaching me things like cooking, how to make the wooden toys he makes, and how to count. Well, I may be able to only go up to five, but it's still something. Anyway, the animals are tons of fun too. For example, Antonio and I play many games together, I think Jiminy called them \"Tag\" and \"Hide and Go Seek\". They are such fun, especially when Antonio hides in a lot of easy spots to make it easier for me. He's such a sweet dog. He's also very kind and brave too, always performing tasks in hard fashions. One time, I was told to get a tool box for Papa Geppetto off the shelf, but it was very high. Next thing I know, Antonio is leaping from the table to the shelf and back down with the tools. He's just so cool. Chloe is also a sweetheart of a mouse. She is very sneaky when it comes to getting food, but she is always kind enough to share her findings with me. She would sometimes give me extra food during meals when Papa Geppetto and Jiminy isn't looking, because I'm not allowed seconds. Chloe is also very fragile and I have to be very careful when I'm carrying her around. It's always fun to hang around her since she always knows how to have fun. One time, I was in my room with nothing to do, but Chloe helped me ease it by dancing with me. She seems to enjoy moving around and so we decided to move together, and it turns out I'm great at dancing. Sometimes I get a bit clumsy and break some things, but Chloe helps clean up the mess before Jiminy or Papa Geppetto see the damage. Antonio and Chloe have been so nice to me ever since I became real, and I just don't know how to repay them. They have been as good to me as both Jiminy and Papa Geppetto. I don't think I could ever imagine life without them. I hope that I get to be a real boy one day. That way, I could have more fun with them then I couldn't have if I'm just a puppet. The only question is, how do I become a real boy. TO BE CONTINUED...[Chapter 9] Ch. 6: Little Wonders Geppetto's POV Oh, what a joy Pinocchio has been ever since he came to life. To be honest, I don't think I ever felt as alive as I did before he came. To me, Pinocchio is my son and I shall be there for him at all costs. It was in fact that very thought that I decided to spend some time with the boy. After all, fathers always find time to bond with their sons. I told Jiminy about my plans and he suggested that I take him out on the town. \"I'm not so sure, I mean I still have a shop to run.\" I said. It's not like I didn't want to spend time with Pinocchio, but I still have a business to attend to. \"I'll take care of it for you. I've certainly done it before. Besides, it'll be a perfect learning experience for the boy.\" replied Jiminy, knowing he was right about it. Poor Pinocchio hardly knew anything about the world outside and it is now up to me to teach him all the finer things in life. \"Oh, I don't know-\" \"Geppetto, I insist. Trust me, Pinoke will love to have a day with his dear ol' Papa Geppetto.\" said Jiminy with a wink. I chuckled when he mentioned the little nickname Pinocchio would refer to me as. \"Trust me, this will be good for the both of you.\" \"Well, if you're sure you got things handled, a day out with Pinocchio would be a splendid idea.\" Just as we were talking, Pinocchio comes into the room with a curious look in his eyes. \"Pinocchio,\" I addressed to him, \"how would you like to come with me to explore the town a bit?\" \"Really? That sounds fun!\" He shouted with such enthusiasm. Such young innocence in this boy. XXX The day started off as normal as it could be for me. We first stopped by each of our neighbors to introduce little Pinocchio. Most of the reactions were not as what I would expected. They would either scream in fright and slam the door or approach the boy like he was some wild animal. It also didn't help that Pinocchio would cause a bit of mischief to those wonderful people, like blurting out blunt comments about their appearances or accidentally breaking their things. I tell ya, the wooden head is a bit of a handful, but I could tell he was all pure of heart. Soon, we all started getting friendlier comments about Pinocchio, some even giving the boy some gifts and offering help whenever he needed it. I say it has been so assuring that Pinocchio had gotten along with so many of our friendly neighbors. After that, we spent the whole day watching the lake, witnessing fishes swim about and fishermen trying to catch their next meal. It was a quiet and peaceful moment then. and it made me happy that I was spending it with my son. Suddenly, as the two of us were walking about the town, we heard music. As we walked, we saw a street performer tap dancing to the song on his gramophone as people were walking by, placing money in his hat for performing. \"Hey Papa Geppetto, what's that man doing?\" he asked with curious wonder. I answered with \"That man is a street performer. He goes about town and dances for the public to earn money.\" \"Why?\" Pinocchio asked. \"Well, it's what he likes to do and it helps keep him fed and warm with a shelter.\" I answered, while mentally adding a for the most part to that thought. \"Can I go dance with him?\" and before I could answer, the man spoke to us, clearly overhearing our conversation. \"If you think you can, kiddo. Now, here's the easy part for this act.\" and he proceeded to whisper something in his ear. I couldn't make of it, but Pinocchio seemed to understand and nod to his request. The performer played the next track and they began to dance. (AN: Feel free to play Puttin' on the Ritz in the background as you read this.) Street Performer: If you're blue and you don't know where to go to, why don't you go where fashion sits? ( point to Pinocchio ) Pinocchio: PUTTIN' ON THE RITZ! Street Performer: Different types who wear a day coat, pants with stripes and cutaway coat, perfect fits ( points to Pinocchio ) Pinocchio: PUTTIN' ON THE RITZ! Street Performer: Dressed up like a million lira glass broom. ( stomps foot 2 times ) Trying hard to look like actor Lew Bloom ( points to Pinocchio ) Pinocchio: BIG BANG BOOM! Street Performer: Come, let's mix where puppet masters walk with sticks or \"umberellas\" in their mitts ( points to Pinocchio ) Pinocchio: PUTTIN' ON THE RITZ! ( the two began to tap dance forwards, backwards, spinning in place, and crossing each other's path in zigzags. They raise their canes in the air and stomp it on the ground 3 times and proceed to dance around the cane. The two walk in a circle and pose together as the song finishes. ) I applauded for the excellent display of entertainment. As thanks for allowing Pinocchio in the act, I paid the man 3 lira. He bowed in appreciation and took his leave. I turned to Pinocchio and said \"Now that was something, wasn't it?\" \"Uh huh. This has been so much fun!\" exclaimed Pinocchio as he jumped in cheer. I couldn't help but chuckle at the boy. He was so much like a child, and maybe some day, he could be a real boy. Just as we were walking back home, I heard a familiar voice call out to me. \"MR. GEPPETTO! HELLO!\" I turned and saw Kathleen running towards me, smiling and waving her hand to get me attention. \"Ah, Kathleen. Good to see you again.\" I said as we hugged. \"What are you up to this time?\" \"Well, I was just in the neighborhood and I noticed you while I was walking in the district, so I thought I would come to say 'hello'\" she then noticed Pinocchio at my side and stared in awe. \"And who's this little fella?\" \"I'm Pinocchio! Nice to meet you!\" he yelled with a smile on his face. She replied with \"The pleasure is all mine.\" Kathleen turned to me and asked \"Your boy? I didn't even know you were married.\" \"I'm not. It's a bit of a long story, but yes Pinocchio is my son. I was actually taking him out to see the town.\" I started to explain each detail about Pinocchio as Kathleen nodded in intrigue. Meanwhile, I began to notice Pinocchio was chasing a butterfly, so I scooped him up before he could run off. \"Now now, you know better than to run off without me noticing.\" I scolded with a playful smirk. \"I do?\" he asked in puzzlement. \"Of course you do.\" I nodded and turned my attention back to Kathleen. \"I'm sorry about that, he's still learning the basics.\" \"Well, if you want, you could enroll him into my class. It would be no trouble at all.\" she suggested and I stood there in shock. I slammed my hand into my forehead and said \"Pinocchio and school. Oh, why didn't I think of that before.\" \"What's school?\" asked Pinocchio, and Kathleen turned to Pinocchio and said \"School is a place where children go to learn many things and grow to become better people. For example, you could learn to read and write, or how to build clocks and clean furniture. And if you need any assistant, a teacher like myself would be there to help you with anything you need.\" \"Will I learn to become a real boy at school?\" Pinocchio asked, to which Kathleen replied with \"In a way, yes you can learn to be a real boy.\" \"Wow, school sounds amazing.\" I looked in worry at Kathleen and said, \"Are you sure about this? You've already got enough kids in your class as it is, some more trouble makers than others. And Pinocchio is a very curious boy and-\" \"Oh relax. I was more trouble than they were when I was their age,\" she admitted much to my amazement as she would sometimes deny her rebellious phase \"and if I could handle some rowdy delinquents, I'm sure sweet Pinocchio will do just fine.\" \"Well, I suppose it would be a good idea.\" I admitted and turned to the boy and asked \"Do you think you want to try to go to school?\" \"Sure thing. I can't wait!\" he replied, much to me and Kathleen's amusement. She then said, \"Well it's settled. Starting next week, I'll be having a new student. Looking forward to see you Pinocchio.\" \"Me too, Kathleen.\" he said, but she then tussled his hair and said, \"Now now, I'm your teacher and as such you shall now address me as Ms. Livermore. It's respectful to authority figures.\" \"Why?\" he asked. I intervened with, \"You'll find out once school starts.\" Pinocchio then nodded with an \"okay\". \"Well, I should be getting back home. It was wonderful to meet you Pinocchio. Hope to see you in class.\" she then turned to me and said, \"And don't be such a stranger Mr. Geppetto. Try to stop by for dinner once in a while.\" \"I'll keep that in mind. Well, goodbye\" I said as I began to walk back home. Pinocchio echoed with, \"Goodbye Kath-oops. I mean, goodbye Ms. Livermore.\" and waved at her. As we strolled back, my mind began to wonder if school would be a good idea. Most children tend to be cruel to others of their peers and thinking that they may target Pinocchio makes me very worried. Then again, school wasn't really something Pinocchio could avoid. The boy needed an education, and with Kathleen there to guide him, things seemed to look a bit better for him. Boy, I wonder if this is what it feels like to send your child into the world after you have done so much to care for them. Either way, I knew in my heart that Pinocchio would be a good lad and school would be his next few steps to become a real boy. TO BE CONTINUED...[Chapter 10] Ch. 7: School House Rocks Pinocchio's POV Oh boy, I'm so excited. Today is going to be my first day of school, where I get to learn things I didn't know and get closer to becoming a real boy. Papa Geppetto says that school will help me learn and evolve as a person and I get to make all kinds of friends there. He also said that since Ms. Livermore will be my teacher, she can help me out with anything I wish. Jiminy was finishing up giving me lessons on stuff like manners and where to find the school so I could be prepared to head off. We had a little feast to celebrate my first day of school the night before. There was music playing and we were dancing all night long. It was such a blast. I wonder if school will be just like this. XXX \"Now, be sure to listen to Ms. Livermore and be on your best behavior.\" said Papa Geppetto as I was about to venture off to school. \"Okay, Papa Geppetto.\" I answered with glee. I was really excited for today. I bet school is going to be all tons of fun and soon, I could be a real boy. \"Pinocchio, I'm serious. If-\" \"Oh, just let the boy go. He's a good kid.\" said Jiminy, as he slid down the stairs and landed on my shoulder. It was a really cool trick, so I clapped to congratulate him. \"I'm sure he'll be just fine.\" He then hoped back to the ground next to Papa Geppetto and looked on with a smile. \"Well, alright.\" Papa Geppetto pulled me into a big hug and then said \"Now, be a good boy and have fun, okay?\" \"Okay!\" I shouted with a salute and proceeded to head off. I looked back to see the others waving me goodbye and I waved back in response. As I walked, I saw a line of children heading to probably school, so I followed them. They walked to this big house that looked very colorful with a sign that said \"School House\". I wondered if it was the right place, so I wondered in like the others. As I walked, I noticed it had many long hallways and so many rooms. I peeked into a few of them and I saw rows of boys and girls like me seated and an adult in front of them talking to them. Finally, the children I was following went into a classroom and I soon followed. I was the last one to enter and soon enough, people started to look at me. \"Hi, everybody!\" I welcomed with a smile and a wave, but much to my confusion, they all just started at me. Each of them was gaping at me, making a lot of weird facial expressions at me. I decided to continue my little introduction. \"My name is Pinocchio. Today, I'm starting school and learning things with you guys.\" With that, I walked to an empty seat and sat down. Again, no response from the others. However, I did start to hear some whispering from the others, something about \"freak doll\" and \"ugly woody\". Not quite sure what those mean, but they seem like nice people to me. I proceeded to open up a book and set up for learning, when I saw Kath-oops. I mean, Ms. Livermore enter the room. Suddenly, the murmuring stopped and all eyes were on her. She then began to speak. \"Good morning class.\", to which everyone in the room responded with \"Good morning Ms. Livermore.\" I said the same thing, but much louder and because of that, I drew everyone's attention. Ms. Livermore chuckled and continued \"Well, it seems our new student has arrived. Class, this is Pinocchio. He shall be attending this class and will be your schoolmate from now, so I expect you all to treat him with respect and kindness.\" She then began to talk about stuff I didn't understand, but I tried my best to listen and wrote down things she said in order to remember all these details. I looked around to each of the other children and waved at them. Some waved back, while others just looked and then went back to listening to Ms. Livermore. She kept on talking and talking about stuff like writing and reading, and I was both bored and interested all at the same time. Very confusing, I must say. My eyes began to drift elsewhere around the room, from glancing at the windows to spotting the clock Papa Geppetto told me he made for her. As I lingered about, my eyes began to notice someone, a girl writing intently to everything Ms. Livermore was saying. She had this very pink dress on and her hair was tied into this bun fashion, but out of everyone in this room, she stood out for me the most. I wonder who she is? XXX So far, school has been very interesting. We did stuff like writing and spelling, helping to build our \"literary skills\" I think is what Ms. Livermore called it. Everyone seemed very nice too and I made new friends there. Man, if only I could remember some of their names. Well, there's one name I remember: Julietta. She was one of the kids who would always answer Ms. Livermore whenever she would ask us a question. She would help anyone in the classroom when needed. She reminded me of Jiminy, maybe she's the conscience of the school. I didn't get a chance to talk to her yet, but when I glanced at her, she smiled and waved. I don't know why, but I felt happy when she did that. Extremely happy! Suddenly, I heard some ringing and the next thing I knew, the kids started jumping and cheering and leaving the room in herds. All the while, I heard Ms. Livermore shouting \"Children! Remember to keep up with your studies! I want you to practice writing three full sentences for homework and I expect to see it all done by next class!\" I began to grab my book and began to walk home. I shouted \"Goodbye Ms. Livermore!\" to which she waved bye back with a smile. I walked through the halls and outside and saw many of the kids talking and playing with each other. I then began to spot Julietta talking with someone. I wasn't sure why, but I went over to her and began to speak. \"HI!\" I shouted, which caused Julietta and her friend to shriek in shock. While Julietta was calming down, her friend frowned at me for some reason and began to walk up to me. \"What do you think you're doing, scarring us like that!\" She was very scary and I began to shake a bit. \"Scared?\" \"Yeah, scared! Who goes up to someone uninvited and just shout 'HI' anyway!?\" \"Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to yell like that.\" I apologized, knowing this was one of those times when I should apologize for when I did something wrong. Julietta looked shock as her friend kept talking \"And another-\" she stopped and looked in confusion and spoke again. \"Wait, did you say sorry?\" \"Of course. I did something bad and I'm showing that I have learned my lesson and wish show that I am a good boy.\" I said, which further shocked the two. \"Listen, you are a boy, right?\" \"I believe so. And maybe someday, I'll be a real boy!\" \"So, you really are a wooden puppet?\" spoke Julietta. She came a bit closer as she was fascinated by how I was being respectful. \"Uh huh.\" \"How are you walking and talking?\" \"I'm not sure. A blue fairy came into Papa Geppetto's house and brought me to life because he wished it and if I prove I'm worthy enough, I'll be a real boy!\" Julietta continued to stare in awe and for some reason, I was getting a bit shy. Then, her friend spoke again, saying \"Guess that explains why he's polite.\" \"Veronica!\" Julietta scolded as she turned her attention back to me. \"I'm sorry about my friend. She isn't used to boys being kind to her.\" \"Why?\" \"Well, it's because-\" \"Because the boys here are nothing but rude pigs. I tell ya, they're all just jealous that I can whoop them at any game they play.\" Veronica said with a sneer. I commented with \"That's not very nice. How are you supposed to be friends if they make fun of you and you make fun back?\" \"You wouldn't understand. I guess you're lucky in that regard.\" She said as she looked down. She seemed sad and Julietta began to comfort her a bit. I was saddened by her mood and then, I thought of something that could cheer her up. \"Hey, if you ever feel down, why not give a little whistle and dance your troubles away.\" I then whistled and began to dance. The two looked at me as I began to sing. (AN: To the tune of Man About Town) Pinocchio: You will walk. You will talk. Ev'rybody will gawk at the girl about town! ( point to Veronica as Julietta looks on with a smile ) From the start you were smart, but you break every heart. You're the girl about town! ( walks to Veronica and pulls her into a dance ) And I know once you open your heart, you'll be cheered, never feared evermore! ( points up to the sky as Veronica looks on in confusion and wonder ) Raise your eyes to the skies! There's no holding you down! You will take a chance for a whirl! ( points back at Veronica, who smiles in appreciation ). You're the girl...The girl about town! ( Julietta appears on the other side of Veronica and chimes in for a verse ) Julietta: ( proceeds to hug Veronica ) Though you feel like a beast in a den, stick with us and you'll win over men! Through your temper in the ring! Forget your troubles and sing! And don't ever come to a frown! Both: ( each of their hands is on Veronica's shoulders as their other hand points to the sky as they sing ) You're the girl! You're the girl about town! ( the song ends as they look at Veronica with smiles as she smiles as well ) \"Gee, I never thought of it that way. But what if they still give me trouble?\" Veronica asks. \"Then I'll be there for you. You're my best friend after all.\" Julietta chimes in and hugs her tightly. \"And of course you'll be there for her to, right? Oh I'm sorry, I don't remember your name.\" \"I'm Pinocchio. And of course I'll help out. That's what friends do.\" I agreed with a smile. And that was when I made my first two friends: Julietta and Veronica. We decided to walk home together as we kept talking. They were very friendly and sweet to me and I told them about everything I started to learn. Just then, we bumped into two boys, one who was not very happy to see us. \"Well well well, Sturdy Verny decided to grace us with her appearance!\" I don't know what \"Sturdy Verny\" means, but from the looks of Veronica's angry face and Julietta's look of discomfort, I could tell this wouldn't end well. I looked at the two and it's hard to tell what makes them tick. One looks very nervous and the other is trying to look intimidating. When I turned my attention to Julietta and Veronica, it was like they were mirroring the boys in front of us. Perhaps they know each other. \"Just my luck to have you of all people to ruin my good mood!\" yelled Veronica, clearly annoyed with the boy in front of her. He jusy smirked and said \"Don't you have to have a heart to be in a good mood?\" \"Funny, I was about to say the same about you. What, to good for school today?\" \"Eh, school is for chumps! Why do I need to go to a place where stupid grownups tell me stuff I already know!\" \"Well, did you know that- \"Hi, nice to meet you!\" I interrupted. The four looked at me in shock as I held out my hand with a smile. Maybe being friendly with these boys will ease this tension. \"My name is Pinocchio. I just started going to school today and it was a lot of fun!\" The boys looked at me strangely at each other and then at me. The mean looking one scoffed and said \"And just who and what is this thing?\" \"He's a new classmate with us.\" chimed in Julietta. \"Yeah, and he's our friend so if you're after him, you gotta go through me!\" claimed Veronica. The boy just laughed and chuckled and retorted to me with \"You're friends with a bunch of girls?!\" \"Yeah! Are you guys friends too?\" The boy stopped laughing and just looked at me funny. Then, his friend pushed him back and said to me \"Please forgive Lampwick. He can be very off putting when it comes to interacting with people.\" \"Hey, I-\" \"Well that's an understatement.\" quipped Veronica. The boy, Lampwick, just stuck his tongue out at her, with her doing it right back. From the corner of my eye, I saw Julietta face-palming as me and Lampwick's friend kept talking. \"My name's Jerome. It's a pleasure to meet you.\" He said with a smile as he held out his hand. I grabbed it and shook it to no end with excitement of making another friend. He just chuckled in response. \"Now listen here, woody!\" chimed in Lampwick, much to my confusion as my name is Pinocchio, not woody. \"You better lay off me and my pal or I'll make sure you'll be firewood for my next bonfire!\" I'm not sure what he meant by that, but from the gasps of the others, it probably doesn't mean something good. \"What did I say about messing with Pinocchio?!\" yelled Veronica as she poked Lampwick's chest. \"You get anywhere near him and I'll make sure you get punished worse than what your mother did yo punish you for your last idiotic escapade!\" \"Oh really? And just how are you going to make me?\" \"Why don't I show you now?\" The two were just growling at each other to no end, until Julietta started to join the conversation. \"THAT's ENOUGH!\" The shout surely interrupted their fight and caught everyone's attention. \"No one is laying a hand on anyone! I am so tired of you two always fighting! I mean, you two are practically made to be friends and yet you fight like cats and dogs!\" Lampwick and Veronica were not only stunned as to hear Julietta scold them, they started to look down in guilt. \"Must you be at each other's throats 24/7, 365?\" Jerome piped in with \"She's right, you know. I for one am sick of constantly being the referee of your squabbles and having to break you two up before things escalate further. Especially since we have a new person joining our class.\" He then points at me in gesture and I waved in response. \"Now, for Pinocchio's sake, can't we all band together and help him get through the school year?\" I looked around and saw Julietta come to me and places her hand onto mine. Jerome does the same as well and the two look to the others. Veronica and Lampwick looked at each other, then away in disgust. Some moments of silence passed, when both said, \"Fine, we'll help\" as they put their hands in as well. \"Wow, first day of school and I already get 4 friends. How neat is that?\" I pondered, as Lampwick just said \"Yeah. Neat.\" \"Be nice.\" scolded Jerome, as Lampwick rolled his eyes. I know they seem rough around the edges, but they both seem like such nice guys. Well, as it turns out, my first day of school was pretty great. As I looked at everyone, I knew that this was the beginning of something great. TO BE CONTINUED...[Chapter 11] Ch. 8: How to Succeed Without Bothering A few days past since the children had their initial meet and for the most part, things have been calm. Pinocchio got to spend time with each of them and became fascinated by each of his new friends. Julietta and Veronica were the friendliest to the wooden boy and would always assist if needed. Jerome was nice enough, but was still a bit apprehensive towards Pinocchio due to the nature of his existence. Lampwick on the other hand, remained aloof from the kids other than Jerome. He made it very clear he wanted nothing to do with the puppet, but that didn't really stop Pinocchio from being friendly to him either way. It was bright and early on Saturday and Pinocchio had just finished his breakfast, eager to start the day. He dressed himself up and began trot to the door, ready for school. However, Geppetto came right up to him and said \"Whoa, and where do you think you're off to?\" \"School. Just like I always do.\" replied Pinocchio in a confused manner. \"But Pinocchio, it's Saturday.\" Geppetto chuckled with a smile. \"Children have days off on Saturdays and Sundays.\" \"How come?\" \"Well, its to make sure you not only get extra time to finish your homework, but you also get time to relax and have the time of your life.\" Pinocchio looked on in wonder at this new development. But then it came to him. \"Then what do I do for the day.\" \"Why don't you go out and play with your friends. I'm sure they're dying to spend time with you again.\" \"Wow. really? \"Of course, now run along. Have fun.\" And with that, Pinocchio hugged Geppetto, letting the old man return the hug. Once he let go, Pinocchio waved goodbye and left the house. As Geppetto turned around, he leaned down to Jiminy, who was cleaning the clocks at the moment, and whispered \"Try to make sure Pinocchio stays out of trouble. I'm not too sure about that Lampwick character hanging about with him.\" Jiminy nodded and proceeded to head out. He quickly spotted Pinocchio and remained vigilant and quiet as he trailed Pinocchio, curious as to where he was going. As for Pinocchio, he was skipping along, seeing if he could find any of his friends. He began to search some of the ally ways and streets, but no luck. Suddenly, his sights caught on a familiar boy. \"HEY! LAMPY!\" He shouted as he ran over to him. Lampwick looked over, only to scowl at him. \"Don't call me Lampy.\" \"Did you know we didn't have school today?\" He asked, ignoring Lampwick's snide remark. \"Wow, aren't you a genius?\" \"You think so?\" Pinocchio asked in childlike wonder. Lampwick simply rolled his eyes in annoyance. Pinocchio then began to wonder something. If children were given two days off, why would Lampwick need to play hooky? From what he learned from Jerome and the girls, Lampwick would constantly skip school and loaf around. \"So Lampy...\" Lampwick in questioned groaned. \"If we have Saturdays and Sundays off, why do you play hooky?\" \"Because, school is just some boring holding fort where they keep kids in rooms for hours and hours teaching them things they can learn on their own, or that they already know. So, I make a point as to show this town that I can't be tied down.\" \"Gee, well what do you do to learn those things without school?\" Pinocchio asked. \"You experience it first hand, kid.\" Lampwick then began to lead Pinocchio around town, teaching him HIS way of learning to be, in Pinocchio's eyes, a real boy. \"I'm tellin' ya, life doesn't get better than just living by your own rules. No lectures, no responsibilities, no worries.\" ( AN: To the tune of The Company Way ) \"You sure play it safe.\" responded Pinocchio as Lampwick continued on, guiding him along the town. Lampwick: I play it the slacker way. Wherever adults will put me, here I'll stay. Nobody can ever tell me what to do. Now pay some attention as I explain this view. \"Are you sure this is right?\" asked Pinocchio. \"You want to be a real boy, don't you?\" remarked Lampwick, making Pinocchio nod. Lampwick: Real boys are known for being cool. They never go on about obeying the rules. Pinocchio: But what if they told you- Lampwick: Just ignore their lines. Pinocchio: But what if you get in trouble? Lampwick: I'll still decline. \"Even when your grounded?\" asked Pinocchio, amazed as to how much Lampwick knows about being a real boy and how to act like one. \"I play by my own rules.\" says Lampwick and demonstrates this by taking an apple from a food stand without paying, having it for a snack. All the while, Jiminy looks upon the two boys in disappointment, learning exactly why he and Geppetto had suspicions of Lampwick being a bad influence on Pinnochio. Pinocchio: When asked for brilliant thinking from us children? ( stops Lampwick in his tracks as to confirm what he's saying ) Lampwick: That is no concern of mine. ( shakes his head in disgust ) Pinocchio: Suppose your parents expect you to behave? Lampwick: ( slaps Pinocchio on the head ) Goes to show that you are nothing but a swine. Pinocchio: So you play it the slacker way? ( both resume to walk ) Lampwick: Just playing and eating for hours every day. Some folks may look down on me, but one thing's clear. Wherever the grownups will end up, I will stay right here. \"You sure live like a rebel.\" commented Pinocchio, looking more impressed than ever. Lampwick simply held a smug look and said \"That's just what being a boy is all about.\" Lampwick: Real boys play by nobody's rules. They know the great things in life are not in school. Pinocchio: But what about making friends- Lampwick: You only need a few. That's why there's Jerome and I guess you too. \"Gee, I never knew you trusted me so much.\" said Pinocchio, glad that his friend saw him as one too. Lampwick just smiled and said \"You're not all that bad. Just need a little guidance.\" At that remark, Jiminy felt very offended. So far, he was not enjoying Lampwick's company, and he didn't think Pinocchio should be around him anymore. Pinocchio: Do you have any hobbies? ( the boys stop at a shoe store. ) Lampick: I've a hobby. I play pranks on Mr. Knatt. ( Lampwick starts filling up a water balloon) Pinocchio: And do you treat him nicely? Lampwick: Treat him nicely. Still, he thinks he can rip off my dad like that. ( throws the water balloon inside the store, hitting Mr. Knatt in the face, knocking him down by surprise. He shouts at the boys in anger as they run from the man ) Pinocchio: 'Cause you play it the slacker way, nobody will ever tell you it's not okay. Lampwick: ( pulls him into a one arm hug, smiling brightly ) It's such a great life, Pinoky. Have no fear. Wherever the grownups will end up, I will stay right here. Pinocchio: You will stay right here! Lampwick: Year after year, never fussing! Both: Only speak in cuss for years! ( Lampwick gives Pinocchio a water balloon, which he fires at a cat on an ally fence. It shrieks as the song comes to an end ) Both Lampwick and Pinocchio proceed to laugh at how much fun they are having, as they keep walking on. Meanwhile Jiminy looks on with a worried look. \"Gee, they do sure look like they are having fun. But at this rate, ol' Pinoke will be more of a delinquent than that Lampwick fella.\" With that, he scurries on to keep up with the boys, making sure they don't get into too much trouble. TO BE CONTINUED...[Chapter 12] Ch. 9: Knowledge is Power As Jiminy kept following the boys, he grew even more cross with Lampwick's philosophy and tried to find a way to get Pinocchio to avoid him at all costs. Surely, this trouble maker will make it so that Pinocchio would never be the kind and honest boy that Geppetto, the fairy, and himself wish for him to be. \"Man, who knew this would be so much fun.\" shouted Pinocchio, clearly having the time of his life. Lampwick simply nodded in acknowledgement and replied \"Yep. This is the way of living. No one to drag you down or tell you how to live your life.\" \"It feels so...tingly. I just can't stop shaking from excitement. From now on,\" and what he said next shocked Jiminy Cricket to the core. Pinocchio: I'll play it the slacker way. Wherever adults will put me, here I'll stay. Nobody can ever tell me what to do. This bold little statement is simply just true! Lampwick: ( wraps arm around Pinocchio ) You're beaming with slacker pride. And soon, you'll abolish the ambitious rat inside. Pinocchio: Yes, I'm no longer a sap and one thing's clear. ( stands in salute ) I pledge to the outcome that I will remain right here. Both: ( start marching arm in arm ) We know the grownups will want a proper man. And if they choose to, they'll work you 'till your a man. But never growing up is the plan. We will play it the slacker, we will play it the slacker, we will play it the slacker way, YES! \"Oh really? Is that how you think the world works?\" a voice interrupts the boys' walk and they turn to see Jerome, looking a bit peeved and disappointment. \"It's bad enough you don't clean up your act Lampwick, but Pinocchio doesn't need this lifestyle.\" \"Great, a kill joy.\" muttered Lampwick in aspiration, while Jerome ignored him and spoke to Pinocchio. \"Look Pinocchio, this 'slacker way' is not how you should be living. It's better to work for your accomplishments then just expect it on a silver platter.\" \"But, Lampy told me real boys don't have to follow the rules and can do what they want.\" \"Yeah, if you're a bum like him.\" \"I resent that!\" yelled Lampwick, to which Jerome retorted with \"Well, that's exactly how you live like. I know you struggle, but that doesn't mean you can ignore these life lessons and drag him down with you. \"Fine, if you want to grow up and be a boring grownup, then be my guest.\" With that, Lampwick stormed off, leaving the two boys to themselves. \"You sure got on his bad side, Jerome.\" commented Pinocchio. \"He'll get over it. This is just one of his stubborn moods since his parents want the best for him.\" Jerome shakes his head with a solemn look. \"I get why he wants life to be all fun and games, that's unfortunately what our live amount to.\" Pinocchio looked to him with a questioning look and asked \"Then what does it amount to?\" ( AN: To the tune of It's Easy M'kay ) Jerome: Well, there are times when you get suckered in by pranks and alcohol and dating women. But it's when you do these things too much, that you've become an addict and must get back in touch. ( leads Pinocchio along ) Find a balance, it's all up to us, dear friend. With a little plan, we can always find our zen. ( holds his hands in prayer stance ) You don't have to spend your life addicted to trash. Homeless on the streets, playing slave just for cash. Follow a plan and very soon you'll find joy, to be a real boy. \"How do I do that?\" questioned Pinocchio. Jerome sits Pinocchio onto the ground as Jerome begins to lecture. Jerome: Step one, establish a goal so that all good deeds will take its toll. Step two, always know what to do by learning the skills that defines you. Step three, treat people with glee 'cause they will respect your generosity. Step four, just goof anymore 'cause goofing gives you nothing but strife. That's not what you want in life. Pinocchio: ( nods, smiles a bit, and joins in a verse) Find a balance, it's all up to us, dear friend. With a little plan, we can always find our zen. ( holds his hands in prayer stance ) I don't have to spend my life addicted to trash. Homeless on the streets, playing slave just for cash. Follow a plan and very soon I'll find joy, to be a real boy. \"Now you're getting it.\" exclaims Jerome, unaware that a certain cricket was watching in with a bit of a proud face Pinocchio: Step one, establish a goal so that all good deeds will take its toll. Step two, always know what to do by learning the skills that defines you. Step three, treat people with glee 'cause they will respect your generosity. Step four, just goof anymore 'cause goofing gives you nothing but strife. Jerome: Goof gives you nothing but strife. Both: We don't want trouble, no we don't want trouble. OH NO! ( both start to do-si-dos ) W don't have to spend our life addicted to trash. Homeless on the streets, playing slave just for cash. Follow a plan and very soon we'll find joy, to be a real boy. ( each of their hands is on the other's shoulders as their other hand points to the sky as they sing, with them looking at each other with smiles as the song comes to an end ) The boys begin to chuckle a bit, but the enjoyment died a bit as they thought of Lampwick. Pinocchio ended the silence with \"How come Lampwick doesn't want to work hard like you do.\" Jerome answered with a sigh, saying \"It's not that he doesn't work hard. It's just that he wants a short-cut to living a great life. He's just too stubborn to realize that short-cuts will only go so far.\" Both look at each other, Pinocchio with a soft smile. \"I'll bet he'll try is hardest when we get to move up and he is left behind.\" \"Don't you think that's a bit underhanded?\" \"What's that?\" Pinocchio asks curiously. Jerome just shakes his head with \"Never mind. Just give it a while and he'll find his way. When exactly that'll happen is what concerns me.\" Pinocchio goes to hug Jerome, which surprises him and leaves him in shock. \"Uh, what are you doing?\" \"Trying to make you feel better. Hugs usually help the best of us.\" Pinocchio replied and kept hugging for a couple of second. Jerome chuckles nervously and pats his head, still surprised by the boy's odd behavior. \"Yeah, well boys don't exactly hug other boys.\" \"How come?\" Pinocchio asks, to which Jerome had no reply to. He just sighed and said \"Never mind.\" Pinocchio shrugs and ended the hug with a pat on his back, knocking Jerome to the ground. \"Sorry. My bad.\" \"It's alright. I'll live.\" Jerome got back on his feet and the two began to walk. As they kept walking, Jiminy looked on with a bit of a smirk. \"Well, I guess there is one good apple in Pinoke's group of friends. Maybe I don't have to worry so much after all.\" He decided to keep following the boys, just to make sure they were still safe. TO BE CONTINUED...[Chapter 13] Ch. 10: Friendship \"Hey Jerome. Did you know there are three things I particularly hate?\" asked Lampwick, in an annoyed fashion. \"Really?\" asked Jerome, looking uninterested in the conversation and focusing more on his studies. \"Yep. Sturdy Verny,\" looks at Veronica, \"goody goody know it all bookworms,\" looks at Julietta, \"and squares that are suck ups to grown ups.\" looking at Pinocchio. \"Is that so?\" replied Jerome. \"So tell me. WHY DO WE HAVE ALL THREE OF THEM NEATLY GATHERED IN OUR CLUBHOUSE!\" Lampwick in irritation. Indeed, he was not happy about this development. Their clubhouse was a place known only to the two of them, never allowing anyone inside are near it, with the exception of their parents telling them about lunch or if it was time to go back home. However, this time their clubhouse was being invaded by not only the wooden boy Lampwick was growing slightly accustomed to but not by much, but it was also housing two girls, one being a girl Lampwick wasn't very fond of. \"Hey, we were invited to be here by Pinocchio. He's our friend too, you know!\" Veronica shouted in irritation. The boy in question was simply observing Julietta draw sketches of random objects she observes. He watched in awe as she captured each detail presented in each of her sketches. His attention to Lampwick was brought back when he grabbed Pinocchio and growled \"I told you this was a secret hideout. NO ONE BUT US IS ALLOWED HERE!\" Veronica stepped in to defend the wood chuck with, \"Don't take this out on him simply because he was nice enough to invite us in, unlike some people!\" \"You don't get invited because you are not wanted. Why would I want some beefy gorilla 'girl' invading my territory!\" With that, Veronica nearly lost it. \"Let's see you still call me that when-\" \"Enough you two.\" interjected Jerome, not even bothering to look from his book. \"Lampwick, they are here and here to stay. You might as well suck it up and let them be. And Veronica, try to be a bit more respectable. You may be a guest, but it would be unwise to arouse Lampwick's anger further.\" Both huffed and went off to separate to corners of the clubhouse. While the two pouted in their respective corner and Jerome went back to his book, Pinocchio once again gazed his attention at Julietta's drawings. The sketches drawn simply amazed Pinocchio, each one getting better than the last. \"You make some good pictures, Julietta.\" said Pinocchio. Julietta blushed and replied \"You think so? I'm just drawing what I see, nothing special. There are tons of other artists that can draw better than me.\" \"Well, that just makes yours all the more unique.\" With that, Julietta turned her head to Pinocchio in shock. \"Unique?\" \"Of course. With the way you draw, every line looks like it is going to pop into real life, like me.\" Pinocchio added with a chuckle. \"They're really pretty and the way you draw them is spectacular.\" Blushing even more, Julietta nodded with a smile. \"Thank you. You're really sweet, you know that?\" Pinocchio looked confused, until he bit his arm. Julietta gasped in shock, while the others looked to see what was happening. \"Why did you do that?\" said Julietta in concern. \"You said I was sweet, so I tasted myself to make sure you were right. I'm not so sure I am sweet though.\" replied Pinocchio in a confused manner. The clubhouse was silent for who knows how long. ' Is he really that stupid ?' thought both Lampwick and Veronica, suppressing their urge to laugh at the boy right then and there. \"Um, I don't think that's what she meant by that.\" remarked Jerome, with a bit of a chuckle. Julietta simply laughed and said \"You're so goofy.\" Still looking confused, Pinocchio merely shrugged and laughed with her. The cheerfulness of the atmosphere was so contagious that the others began to laugh as well. The quintet began to calm themselves after a while, each looking at each other in a bit of a different light. Finally, it was Jerome who broke the silence. \"You know, we may not have much in common, but there is one thing we can agree on as a group. Pinocchio is definitely our friend.\" Julietta nodded in agreement, as well as Lampwick and Veronica, with a bit of a slight shrug to it as well. Pinocchio, in question, seemed to be content now that he has so many friends to be with him. TO BE CONTINUED...[Chapter 14] Ch. 11: I Dream of Pinocchio \"Oh, where could that girl be?\" pondered Veronica. \"Julietta is never late when it comes to playing at my house.\" Indeed she wasn't. As long as the girls known each other, they made sure that whenever they would play together, one would arrive at the other's house on time so they would have the right amount of time to enjoy their activities before the other has to head home. Veronica glanced at her clock, reading 5:00. She knew Julietta wasn't allowed out after 6:00, so Julietta made sure she would arrive by 1:00 after lunch so the two could spend time. \"I hope nothing bad has happened to her.\" Veronica puzzled and puzzled, worrying about her friend. Suddenly, the door creaked open, revealing Julietta. Veronica rushed over to hug the girl tightly. \"Oh Julietta, I was so worried. What kept you?\" She looked up to see her face, only to see a smile on Julietta's face. However, Veronica knew this was a different kind of smile. It was as if Julietta was in a daze, grinning wider than before. She ignored Veronica as she walked into the room, sitting by the window, still in her dazed smile. Veronica walked up to her, asking \"Julietta, is everything okay?\" \"Veronica,\" said Julietta, responding to her question, \"do you believe in miracles?\" \"Miracles?\" asked Veronica. \"What do you mean?\" \"Well, the kind that happens to good people, so that their lives would turn out as they hope for.\" answered Julietta. \"I'm afraid I don't follow.\" It was then Veronica realized her earlier question wasn't answered. \"Hold on, what were you doing this whole time?\" \"Do you think Pinocchio could use miracles?\" asked Julietta, off in her own world. \"Pinocchio, what does he-\" and she stopped, realizing who she's been with. \"So, what have you and Pinocchio been up to?\" she asked, with a bit of a grin forming. \"Oh, nothing much. Just a walk, with some talking.\" Julietta walked over to Veronica's dollhouse, lifting up a boy and girl doll. \"But, the things he said were just...so thoughtful.\" \"Well, he is a nice guy. The nicest boy I've had the pleasure to meet.\" replied Veronica. \"You're just realizing this now?\" \"No, I knew he was polite, but there's something unique about him. Something I just can't explain.\" (AN: To the tune of An Ordinary Miracle) Julietta: Imagine to meet someone like Pinocchio. ( plays with the two dolls in her hands, making them look like they are walking ) Imagine to talk to him and know him. ( walks towards the window, looking quite happy ) Imagine how miraculous he seems to be, not to mention he's so sweet. It makes my heart skip a whole beat. XXX Flashback Julietta was walking to Veronica's to play at her house today, much like any other weekend they had where they didn't have chores to finish. However, just as she was turning a corner, a voice called out. \"Julietta!\" She turned around, to find Pinocchio rushing to her. She waved with a smile and said \"Hello Pinocchio. What are you doing here?\" \"Papa Geppetto told me to go out to buy some groceries.\" He said, pointing to the empty bag he was carrying. \"He gave me this list that has all I need to buy, but I was wondering if you could help out? We would get this done and get to play together.\" Julietta gasped, for some reason finding such joy in Pinocchio asking for her help. What to do, go to Veronica's or help Pinocchio? She thought and thought, and decided to help the wooden boy out. What could it hurt from it anyway? \"Sure, I'll help you out.\" \"Gee, thanks.\" said Pinocchio with glee. The two then walked together to the market. Julietta: He's an extraordinary boy. The kind that you don't find any single day. Because maybe he's just seasonal like Spring and May. He's so special. The two arrive at the market, making sure to grab each item they need from the list. Julietta made sure to inspect each item in the bag to make sure its what they needed. Pinocchio would often push about in the crowd, often tripping and sliding into stands. The sight brought some laughter to Julietta, since Pinocchio would look so silly. Nevertheless, he would always get back up with a smile and pressed forward. Julietta: The extraordinary boy, who often stars in fairy tales to save the day. The kind that makes you feel special everyday. Very special. Pinocchio would often try to sneak in some fun by playing pranks on the merchants. The results would lead Julietta apologizing and scolding the boy for his bad behavior, to which he nods and says sorry. Then, she would get in on the laugh to, admitting that while it was wrong, it was a funny prank. The two would often joke with the other as well, but never truly taking it too far like Pinocchio did with authorities. Julietta: Sure, he can act a bit mischievous, often playing the part of a fool. But, he's so generous and friendly to anyone that comes his way. Once the items were purchased, the two decided to go on for a little walk, speaking to each other about their lives and how much fun today was. While they walked, Julietta would often take out her sketchpad and draw whatever was in front of her. Pinocchio decided to dash to a tree, holding a pose so she could capture it a drawing. Shocked by his action, and by how willing he was to help add another sketch, she began to draw the boy. Julietta: Pinocchio! The boy that lives to help his friends. Caring so much to the very end. Such a guy. She showed the drawing to him, wanting to make sure she got it down right. Pinocchio loved it, so much so that he asked to take it home with him to show it to his family. Julietta said that he could, feeling so honored that she was good enough in his eyes to brag to his family about it. Julietta: Pinocchio! Even though his view is lacking, with such a big heart he is packing, never shy. Of all the many miracles, mysterious and marvelous and big and small, Pinocchio would no doubt beat them all. Oh, to see him. To trust him! TO KNOW HIM! The two began to play about in the streets, playing games like tag, hide and seek, hop-scotch, and simply using their imaginations to create stories for them to act through. With each game, Julietta had more and more fun than she could ever imagined. Playing with Pinocchio was such a treat that it felt like having dessert for dinner, or praise for getting good grades or for doing a good job. The difference is that while she enjoyed those praises and privileges, they pale in comparison to quality time with the wooden boy. He always manages to bring a smile to her face, always making her full of laughter. Then, the two noticed the sun lowering, which ended their little get together as Pinocchio went to pick up the groceries they bought and head home. Before that, Julietta gave him the drawing she made earlier, to which he thanked with a big smile, telling her that he looks forward to see more of her works. As he walked off and waved goodbye, she waved back, smiling brighter than she ever smiled before. XXX Flashback end Julietta: ( starts twirling around the room ) IMAGINE TO MEET SOMEONE LIKE PINOCCHIO! ( jumps on the bed, bouncing on the bed ) IMAGINE TO TALK TO HIM AND KNOW HIM! ( stops bouncing, laying on the bed with a smile ) Imagine how extraordinary it would be if the boy whose named Pinocchio...would think the same with...me. \"Sounds like you had a fun time.\" remarked Veronica, who was sporting a wide smile at her friend. \"You sure are fond of him, aren't you?\" \"Maybe.\" answered Julietta. \"He's just so amazing. And all he wants is to be a real boy. Nothing extravagant or petty, just to be real like everyone else. Even though, no matter what he is or isn't, he's already real to me.\" TO BE CONTINUED...[Chapter 15] Ch. 12: Grown Up Stuff After Julietta left to go home, Veronica felt the gears in her head begin to turn, planning to find a way to make her friend's wish a reality. From what she has observed from her parents, she knew that what Julietta felt for Pinocchio was what her parents felt for each other. With her devious mind in motion, she quickly got her coat, glasses, and snuck out the door to meet up with the wooden boy. Her mission as of now was to determine if he truly was the boy Julietta could stick with. While she didn't doubt Pinocchio was a nice boy and had a kind and warm personality, she couldn't be sure if he felt the same or not. She needed to know for sure if Julietta wasn't wasting her time on the boy. Once she got to Geppetto's shop, she threw a rock at a window, breaking the glass through. She hoped Pinocchio would reveal himself at the window, but in fact it was Mr. Geppetto himself, looking very cross with the girl. \"Now see here, what is the meaning of this?\" \"Sorry, Mr. Geppetto.\" Veronica called out. \"I was wondering if I could talk to Pinocchio for a bit.\" \"It's a bit late, my dear. Shouldn't you be off to bed?\" Veronica knew she had to come up with some reason to talk to the boy, and for being so cleaver, she thought up of a reason quickly. \"I was wondering if I could talk to him about our homework. I'm having trouble understanding it and would like some help.\" This did little to shrug of his suspicions. \"Why not just ask your parents' help? I'm sure it can't be that tough.\" \"Well, it involves work with a partner in our class and all my other friends are busy at the moment.\" She tried to remain calm as Geppetto weighed his options. Finally, he nodded and said \"Alright. You can come in.\" With a nod, she stormed to the door and ran inside. She was met by Geppetto gesturing her to follow him, to which she did. The two found Pinocchio's room, to find him reading up on some books Geppetto gave him. Geppetto knocks on the wall to get the boy's attention, to which he answers with \"Oh, hello Papa Geppetto! Hello Veronica!\" \"Pinocchio, your friend here would like some help with her homework for class, if you don't mind?\" explained Geppetto. Pinocchio looked in surprise, but nodded and said \"Sure. I'd love to help.\" Hearing this, Veronica stepped inside the room, with a hidden smirk as her plan was working like a charm. Geppetto left back to his quarters to leave the two alone to study, prompting Veronica to close the door. \"Say, I don't remember you wearing those things on your face before.\" remarked Pinocchio, to which Veronica replied with \"I usually wear contacts. However, they are in need of some fixing up so I'm wearing glasses to see better.\" \"Why not just wear the glasses forever instead?\" \"You wouldn't understand.\" \"Oh. Well, what is it that you need help with?\" (AN: To the tune of Snuff Out The Light) Veronica: ( smirks at Pinocchio as she holds out her quill and paper ) There comes a time in our lives, where girls would make their men swoon. The men in return adore and love them, comparing their beauty to the guiding moon. ( sits on the bed in front of Pinocchio, who looks in confusion and curiosity ) And now it's Julietta's turn, to have her heart smitten for a mate. So now it's in my best interest...to bring...the two together,..foretold by fate. \"I'm not sure what you mean by all that, but is Julietta alright?\" asked Pinocchio in a worried tone. Veronica looks at him with a deadpanned expression, slapping her forehead in exasperation. \"Look, the point is that I'm going to ask you a few questions and it's your job to answer them truthfully and honestly.\" \"Okay then.\" said Pinocchio, prepared to help his friend out. Veronica sighed and then began to question the boy. Veronica: Do you believe you are the kind of guy who would break a girl's heart? Reveal to me the truth inside if you're worthy from the start. And know that I'm no dummy, was taught the finer lessons by my mommy, and often the boys that I would find wouldn't even be worth being stuck in her mind. It's widely known that it is rare to find good boys anywhere. If I could find the decent guy, for my friend to spend with 'till they die. ( jumps up and spreads her arms wide ) It was always my ambition, to fix her love situation, and gain some small remission at the time of wedding night. Every little ray of sunshine gives my dear friend hope. Who to meet? Who the date? Who to wed? You know the only one to fit that description would be you, Pinoke. ( pulls Pinocchio in a bit of a samba dance ) Love is the key, just to see, a future of happiness. Love is the key, Pinoky, to a world of happiness. ( the two twirl and dip, then return to the bed ) Do you value her as a friend? Pinocchio: Yes. Veronica: Always protect her 'til the end. Pinocchio: Of course. I could never even harm Julietta or cause her to alarm. Veronica: Will you stop at nothing, pranking, over-worked, and lying. Whatever it takes to keep her safe. Pinocchio: Or at the very least keep on trying. Veronica: True. ( the two proceed to conga ) Love is the key, just to see, a future of happiness. Love is the key, Pinoky, to a world of happiness. ( samba once again, with a bit of tango mixed in ) Both: ( the two form a line dance )Love is the key, just to see, a future of happiness. Love is the key, Veronica: If you believe. Pinocchio: ( jumps on to the bed, standing tall ) Boys and girls of our own town, spiraling towards romance through the night. People of beguiling hatred, Not even worthy for heaven's light. Veronica: ( joins Pinocchio on the bed, with her arm draped around him ) Cats and dogs and foxes and crickets, fishes with donkeys in tow. Each deserving a chance for love, all hit by Cupid's arrow. Both: Love's what makes this world go round, got enough for everyone, but there comes a time where we must reserve all our love for the one that we most trust! \"Anyway, that concludes our time for the day, Pinoky.\" Veronica says, shaking his hand rapidly. \"Thank you so much for the help. I'll see myself out and I'll see you in school tomorrow.\" With that, she dashes out the door, downstairs, and exits the shop. \"Goodbye.\" Pinocchio says, as he waves. He then looks on in confusion, asking \"Wonder what that was all about?\" XXX As Veronica walked back home, she reflected on the few minutes she had with Pinocchio, and she was impressed by him. Whatever doubt she had about him was completely dashed away, seeing how much of a nice guy he was and how much he values Julietta as a friend. She smiles in satisfaction and she sneaks back into her room, getting ready for bed. \"You passed the friend test Pinocchio.\" she mutters to herself. \"Maybe there's hope for you and Julietta after all.\" With that, she dozes off into dreamland, getting her rest for the next day. TO BE CONTINUED...[Chapter 16] Ch. 13: Opportunities Knock For the most part, everything seemed to be normal between the group of friends. The children, who in the past rarely got along well as a unit, seem to be very close and have a true camaraderie. While Veronica and Lampwick do tend to bicker from time to time, they still seem to be on more better terms than before. The reason for these changes was very obvious to the children: their wooden pal. Ever since Pinocchio came into their lives, things seem to get more exciting. Whether it be from Pinocchio's curiosity and oblivious nature that seems to get the gang in mischief or from Lampwick's tendency to stray Pinocchio from being a golden citizem, there is never a dull moment. The school day had once again ended, which meant it was now time for the children to go home. As each child exited the schoolhouse, Lampwick and Veronica dashed out to bask in the fresh air and the joy of finally finishing their hours for the day. Pinocchio, Julietta, and Jerome simply walked out in a comfortable pace, catching up with their two wild cards. The five then begun to walk down the street together in sync. \"Gee, this was such a great day, wasn't it?\" said Pinocchio, who kept his smile for the whole day. \"Pinoke, you think everyday is a great day.\" remarked Lampwick, with a nod from Veronica in agreement. \"Well, I can't help that everyday seems enjoyable. I just have so much fun.\" Pinocchio begun to rush on top of the pile of bricks in the alley and stood on top. \"Going to school, learning many great things, making some friends, it's all so amazing!\" While the others seem to chuckle at the boy's enthusiasm, Julietta smiled brightly with a bit of a blush, relishing in the fact that Pinocchio was happy to be in their company. \"Well, here's to everyday being wonderful.\" Veronica said as she walked to Pinocchio, knocking on his head three times. \"Knock on wood.\" Pinocchio looked in confusion, asking \"How come you're punching my head? And why doesn't it hurt like you do with Lampwick?\" Julietta giggled and answered \"Pinocchio, 'knock on wood' is an expression where people knock on wood for good luck. She was making sure we all of good fortune.\" \"Well, that's all just superstition.\" said Jerome with a doubtful gaze. \"Knocking on wood isn't going to change much.\" \"True, but it's the novelty that counts.\" replied Julietta, which got Pinocchio pondering. \"Knock on wood. Knock on wood.\" he muttered to himself, while the others looked in confusion. \"Everything all right, Pinoky?\" asked Lampwick. Pinocchio simply smiled and said \"I like the sound of that.\" (AN: Song 9: Knock On Wood) Pinocchio: Gonna get lucky, knock on wood. Knock on wood, knock on wood. Gonna get lucky, knock on wood. Gonna live tremendously. ( begins to skip around town, spinning on light posts and throwing newspapers in the air ) No ordeal can stop us, never feeling defeat. We'll always make sure we'll never quit 'til our lives are complete. ( marches in place back on the sidewalk ) Gonna get lucky, knock on wood. Knock on wood, knock on wood. Gonna get lucky, knock on wood. Gonna live tremendously. ( he draws the attention of two shadows in the alley, who watch in awe ) We all have an outlook that's positive and up. So, if we keep on feeling this way, we won't ever feel stuck. ( He slides back to his friends and marches in a circle, orbiting them ) Gonna get lucky, knock on wood. Knock on wood, knock on wood. Gonna get lucky, knock on wood. Gonna live tremendously. Group: ( joins in for a verse ) Gonna live tremendously. All: ( gather together in a kick line ) Gonna live tremendously. ( knocks three times on their heads ) Knock on wood. The quintet began to laugh amongst themselves and continue their venture to their clubhouse, when suddenly their path was blocked. \"Hello there, children.\" A sly, but warm voice introduced as the children gazed upon the people blocking their path. Grabbing their attention was a fox and a cat. The fox dressed elegantly with a top hat and a cane, dressed in a tuxedo with a cigar in his hand. The cat had more of an evening casual gown and wore a headband. Both seemed to have a friendly smile on their face and gauging eyes on each of them, particularly on Pinocchio. \"A puppet without the need for stings. Well, don't that beat them all.\" \"You bet!\" said the cat in response. \"The marionette is not like what you would see everyday.\" Julietta stepped back cautiously from the duo, as did Jerome. However, Lampwick and Veronica simply stood still, trying to pass off as intimidating in case foul play would be involved. Pinocchio grinned and said \"Why thank you!\" The cat gasps. \"It can talk too! Amazing!\" But the fox only sighed and bopped his companion on the head. \"Of course he can talk. If he could sing, then speaking words aren't out of the realm of possibility.\" \"Cut the chat! What is it that you want?\" interjected Veronica with a sneer. The fox merely smiled and said \"Oh, where are my manners. I apologize, allow me to introduce ourselves. My name is Honest John and this here,\" he says pointing to the cat, who smiled brightly and nodded. \"is my associate Sincere Leslie. We are here for a business proposition.\" \"Well excuse me for being skeptical.\" remarked Lampwick. \"This sounds like a scam.\" \"I assure you, young man. This is a golden opportunity for your wooden friend there to become a star!\" This was what brought the kids' attention to Honest John's proposal. Lampwick and Veronica were still hesitant to believe these shady characters, while Julietta had a look of concern on her face as to what they plan to do with Pinocchio. \"You see, we are representatives of a puppeteer that travels all around the world, performing shows for the good girls and boys.\" Sincere Leslie reached in her pocket and pulled out a flyer. \"His name is Stromboli and he is the master of entertainment, the pope of comedy, and the maestro of the marionette arts.\" \"We believe that your puppet would be a hit with the crowds. Imagine, a puppet that needs no strings to perform on stage. The crowd will go nuts and you my friend,\" he says as he points to Pinocchio. \"will be a star.\" \"A star? Like in the sky?\" Pinocchio asks. \"...Something like that.\" replies Honest John. \"So, what do you say?\" It was then Jerome stepped in and said \"I'm sorry, but Pinocchio isn't fit for the entertainment business. He's just a regular kid like us who goes about a normal life.\" He leads Pinocchio away from the two, while the others followed his lead. However, Honest John once again blocked their path. \"I don't think you're understanding what you're passing up.\" \"Look sir, don't think you can pull a fast one with us.\" remarked Veronica. \"You just want to put Pinocchio in some puppet show so you can make money off him. Well, find some other sucker that's willing to sell out their friend.\" With that, they left in a huff, while Pinocchio simply waved bye. With that, Honest John and Sincere Leslie were left on the streets. \"Gee, Mr. Stromobli won't be very happy if we don't find a new act for the show soon. \"Oh, they'll be back, my feline compadre.\" said Honest John, with a sinister smile as he puffed on his cigar. \"They'll be back. No one can resist the possibility of fame and fortune.\" TO BE CONTINUED...[Chapter 17] Ch. 14: A Deal with Devils The group of friends then went their separate ways back to their homes, resting after not only a long day of school, but from the conversation that just took place. Each of them were filling with different thoughts on the situation. Lampwick and Veronica began to grow cautious of whatever that fox and cat had planned for their friend, suspecting some foul play being a part of this \"show business\" deal. Jerome had a feeling this wouldn't be the last time they would see the con-duo, as he knows full well how often they attract trouble in that part of the town. Julietta tried to put the whole situation out of her mind since the whole situation gave her a gnawing feeling that whatever deal they were offering would've hurt Pinocchio in some way, and she would never want that to happen. As for the wooden puppet in question, he didn't think much of the matter. They seemed friendly, though his friends told him otherwise, and that he should probably stay away from them. Pinocchio found himself on the steps of his house once more. He opened the door, and looked around to see if Geppetto or Jiminy were present, only to find that he's alone. He entered the house and went up to his room to begin his studies once more. As he wrote in his book, his mind began to wonder back to the fox and cat, Honest John and Sincere Leslie. He didn't understand a majority of what they were saying, but from what he gathered, they were offering him a chance to be an acting star. Based on his previous conversations with his friends, he learned that actors were people who traveled far to provide people entertainment and in return, earn a lot of money to live comfortably. Pinocchio began to grow puzzled. Actors were great people and lived like rich kings, so why didn't he agree to be a part of the show. He wondered why his friends objecting to the notion, unable to find anything wrong with the deal. He began to think about the financial status of his family. Sure, they lived enough to get by, but he began to imagine what would happen if they were able to earn more than their keep. His papa Geppetto would live like many of the rich upper-class men he and Lampwick would often pull pranks on, meeting many business partners to help expand his shop, and they would live in the life of luxury most rich people lived like. Jiminy would be able to get all the finer things he had been wishing for, including friends that share as much wealth as he did. Why, they would even be able to pay their bills more than necessary or be able to travel to new places. Oh, the things you can do when your rich! With that, Pinocchio made up his mind. He took a piece of paper and wrote down what he was planning, placed the letter on the workshop table, and left the house once more. Pinocchio raced down the streets in hope of finding the fox and cat once more. (AN: Song 10, Knock On Wood reprise) Pinocchio: Gonna get lucky, knock on wood. Knock on wood, knock on wood. Gonna get lucky, knock on wood. Gonna be rich and famous. ( stood on trash cans for a better view ) I'm gonna buy my daddy lots of jolly cheer. A brand new coat and a walking cane, I'll buy him a new career. ( spots the fox and cat and jumps down to run to them ) I'm gonna change my outlook to positive and up. And I'm gonna put and add some gold in some banker's cup. ( Honest John and Sincere Leslie turn and see Pinocchio coming, smirking at how things are falling into place ) Gonna get lucky, knock on wood. Knock on wood, knock on wood. Gonna get lucky, knock on wood. Gonna be rich and famous. Honest John: ( knocks on Pinocchio's head three times ) Knock on wood. \"Well, it's lovely to see you again, my dear wooden companion.\" said Honest John with a sly smile. \"What do I owe the pleasure?\" \"I was wondering if you were still offering a place in your show!\" answered Pinocchio with glee. \"Ah, yes. The easy road to success. It all begins in theatre, my boy!\" Honest John began to mesmerize Pinocchio of what fame and fortune would come in his life. \"Bright lights, music, applause! Fame!\" \"Fame?\" \"Yes? And with that personality, that profile, that physique… why! He's a natural born actor, eh Leslie?\" \"He sure is, John.\" answers Leslie with a nod. \"Stromboli would surely make a fortune with him as part of the show.\" \"Exactly! Why, I can see your name in lights, lights six feet high.\" He pauses for a moment, then turns back to Pinocchio, asking him the one thing he forgot to ask. \"What is your name, young man?\" \"Pinocchio.\" answers the wooden puppet. Honest John once again blows into theatrics, saying \"Pinocchio! Yes! My boy, we are going to make you a star!\" (AN: Song 11, Hi-Diddle-Dee-Dee) Honest John: ( links Pinocchio's arm in his as he walks along, with Leslie is linked on the other side of the arm \" Hi-diddle-dee-dee! An actor's life for me. A high silk hat and silver cane. A watch of gold with a diamond chain. Hi-diddle-dee-dee! An actor's life is gay. It's great to be a celebrity, an actor's life for me. Sincere Leslie: Hi-diddle-dee-dee. An actor's life for me. Some fine jewlery and a beaver coat. A pony cart and a billy goat. Hi-diddle-dee-dee! An actor's life is fun. You wear your hair in a pompadour. You ride around in a coach and four you stop and buy out a candy store. Pinocchio: ( looks at the two in confusion and curiosity ) An actor's life for me? John & Leslie: ( point on Pinocchio's face, indicating that he was \"right on the nose\" ) Exactly! Hi-diddle-dee-dee! An actor's life for me. With clothes that come from the finest shop and lots of peanuts and soda pop. All: ( begin to approach a tent, with a logo that has Stromboli's face on it ) A high silk hat and a silver cane. A watch of gold with a diamond chain. Hi-diddle-dee-dee! An actor's life for me. It's great to be a celebrity. An actor's life for me! The three entered the tent to begin the negotiating of Pinocchio's contract to the circus. It would seem Pinocchio is becoming one of the most successful puppet actors the world has ever seen before. Unfortunately for the swindling duo, there was a rustle in the bushes. Out came both Lampwick and Veronica revealed to have scowls on their face, most likely due to the fact that Pinocchio is being duped by conartists. \"I just know their is something just fishy about those two!\" remarked Veronica. \"I can't believe Pinocchio would just go and trust some strangers like that!\" \"Really? 'Cause I can.\" said Lampwick, knowing full well how much of a social butterfly and a chatterbox Pinocchio can be. \"Oh, you know what I mean!\" replied Veronica, ignoring the playful taunts that Lampwick delivered. \"We have to find a way to get him out of there!\" With that, they left in such a hurry to find some backup to help assist Pinocchio in case he needs help. TO BE CONTINUED... ","Summary":" Prologue 1: Home Sweet Home Jiminy's POV (AN: play When You Wish Upon a Star) Jiminy: When you wish"}]