[{"Movie":"Let Me In, 2010","Title":"A night on the town","Author":"Mikallein","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11672756","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A night on the town A LMI fan fiction based off of Gk's Pittsburg which is in turn based off of Lee Kyle's LMI2 Thanks to you both for making this a possibility. Additional thanks to Mishrashade for help in proof reading and brainstorming. Also big thanks to Gk for editing and proof reading. July 20, 1989 Owen lightly traced his tattoo while waiting in the darkness. Even though he couldn't see his arm it was easy for him, he had done this many times. He had finally gotten around to adding the fangs he thought about way back in juvie. He had done it himself just like last time, had laughed when Alvirez had suggested having a \"professional\" do it. \"But then it wouldn't be my ink. It would be someone else's on my body.\" His goal was to become good enough at tattooing to ink his beloved's face above the name. It was a activity that had taken a back seat for a while, like so many other things had. But he was happy he had finally found some time for it. Just as Owen finished tracing the inked Y, he heard them. Footsteps. Two sets, approaching from the right. His hand rested on the handle of his revolver safely concealed in his dark green jacket. Taking a few steps deeper into the shadows of the alleyway, Owen quieted his breathing and listened. He could hear voices now, two men, but couldn't quite make out what they were saying. Laughter. The men were laughing about something or other. From the irregular and almost haphazard sound of their footfalls Owen could assume that they were drunk, perhaps heading home after a night at a local bar. He shifted position in the alley so he could see out into the street but remain fairly hidden in the shadows. The illumination from the street lights made it easy to spot the men when they passed. They were on the opposite side of the street, visibly drunk as Owen had predicted, talking about something, a tv show perhaps? If they were unlucky they would end up being eaten by the monster he was currently hunting. \"And then Jerry *hic* Jerry says, \"you can't over die, you can't over dry!\"\" More laughter. On the bright side, if an attack happened in Owen's presence the beast would most likely be killed and many lives saved. So at least their deaths wouldn't be for nothing. That was worth something, right? Owen shook his head, physically removing that line of thinking from his mind. He silently scanned the roof tops and windows across from him. Like many of the monsters he and Alvirez had hunted back in the early days, all signs pointed to this one being almost all beast and no humanity. More than likely it had been recently turned and the person within was too weak to stop the beast from going on bloodlust fueled killing sprees. \"Class B\" or \"Beast-like class\", as Alvirez had (so originally) dubbed them, were fairly predictable as far as vampires go, which in turn made them easier to hunt. It wouldn't be unlike a Class B to simply swoop down from one of the windows or roof of the buildings and eat both of them before either knew what had transpired. But nothing happened. The men continued walking, supporting each other and laughing the whole way. They were now exiting Owen's line of sight, continuing to his left. But when they had passed in front of Owen, a boy had appeared seemingly out of nowhere. The boy couldn't be much older than a early teenager. Half of his face was covered in some sort of bandage. He had apparently been standing in the alley opposite of Owen and was now walking into the dim illumination of the street lights. As Owen watched, the boy fell, started writhing on the sidewalk and screaming in agony. Owen considered the situation. Was the boy on drugs? An escaped mental patient? Perhaps he was a newly infected, in need of Owen's gift of peace. Owen moved forward out of the shadows onto the sidewalk, his hand still resting on his revolver. \"Are you ok?\" But before he can take another step he suddenly feels like he is in a dream. His eyes close as he feels small arms lightly wrap around his neck. Owen awakens in his tent with a start, a bit confused. He collects himself and checks his watch. Abby would be waking up soon, best get ready. Tonight he wants to go over the relationship book that Alvriez suggested. It might provide some further insight to the mystery that is his girlfriend. He grabs the book from its spot next to his sleeping bag and exits his tent into the growing darkness of the forest. He stretches and looks over at Abby's tent and is surprised to see that it is empty. After straining his ears he can hear her humming a familiar tune from the direction of the nearby stream. He smiles at hearing the tune. He had come to love the sound. It was a fairly upbeat tune that she hummed seemingly whenever she was happy. She had just come back from feeding the day before so that might explain it. Whenever he asked her about the tune or were she heard it from, however, she would shut down and not discuss it anymore, like so many other topics. He sits down and closed his eyes, listening to her. After a few minutes he hears the humming getting closer, and he opens his eyes. And instantly regrets it. Abby walks towards him, smiling and humming her upbeat tune. However Owen can clearly make out several bullet wounds and the dark red blood oozing from all of them. Bullet wounds he would cause at a later time; bullet wounds that would forever haunt him. He could see one of them appears to go right through her heart. Owen is paralyzed by what he sees, but Abby continues walking toward him as if nothing is wrong. Once she is within arm's reach she stops humming, hugs him. \"Hey\" Owen is unable to reply. Abby gently kisses his lips, then whispers into his ear in a low tone. \"It was not your fault Owen.\" She then takes a few steps back from Owen, still lightly humming as she bursts into flames. Owens eyes snapped open, once again finding himself standing on the sidewalk bathed in the pale illumination of the streetlight. One of his hands flew to his neck where he thought the small arms had touched him, but felt nothing but the silver chain around his neck. He then looked across the street at the bandaged boy, however he was gone as well. Was he losing it? Or was the boy never there to begin with? He tried to relax as he removed his other hand from his jacket. His thoughts once again started to drift toward Abby. He reached into his shirt and pulled the glass vial that hung from his neck on a silver chain. Alvirez had given it to him on his 16th birthday. It was small, blue, teardrop shaped, filled with Abby's ashes and the engagement ring with a cork at the bottem. He slowly turned it over with his fingers, lost in memory. The sea of grey tumbling over and over as it is turned in his hand. The ring shone brightly in the illumination of the streetlight, brilliantly contrasting the darkness that surrounded it. Just then he heard a strikingly familiar tune coming from down the street. His eyes widen as he recognized the song as Abby's happy humming tune. Over the next few moments Owen almost found himself in a trance as he focused on the song and lyrics, doing his best to memorize them. The person carrying the boom box continue on their way down the street and the music slowly fades. Owen opened his eyes and he realized a single tear was rolling down his cheek as he thought about all the good times he and Abby had in New York. Just then he felt his pager vibrate softly at his side. He collected himself and checked it. It read: Come to corner of 2nd & Maple. We have work to do. - Alvirez Owen returned the pager to its place and started walking, steeling himself for the battle to come. He found himself strangely at peace, feeling more at ease then he had in quite some time. As he continued to walk towards his destination, he started singing to himself in a low voice. \"And I knew you'd be the kinda girl I'd love to spend my time with, from the minute that we met I think we knew...\" ","Summary":" A night on the town A LMI fan fiction based off of Gk's Pittsburg which is in turn based off of Lee"},{"Movie":"Let Me In, 2010","Title":"Monstrosity","Author":"GXUNIVERSE","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12577520","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Beep! Beep! A young boy woke up from his alarm clock and get up from his bed. He is 12 year old andhad thicklight brown hair with straight bangs, pale skin, brown eyes and few freckles on his cheeks. He wear his green buttoned up pyjama top with collar, green pyjama pants and white socks. He open the curtains and let the morning daylight come to him. He could hear birds tweeting in his treehouse and see flowers blooming in his mother's garden. \"Edgar! Breakfast\"his mother calleddownstairs. He could smell thedelicious pancakes his mother is cooking. \"Coming!\". Edgar ran downstairs to go to the kitchen. He is wearing his own whitet-shirt with red collar and sleeves, whiteundershirt, dark blue baggy pants and red bouncers. He could see his plate in the kitchen table. Sitting inhisplate lay soft, warmpancakes covered in maple syrup and beautifulbutter. He settle down and eat his breakfast with a fork and a knife to cut with. He also drink a glass of orange juice to wash down his mouth with. After eating his breakfast, the doorbell rings and his mother open the door. She called\"Edgar!\". He pick up his backpack and walk to see his mum. His mum is a plain woman but had nice features and had thick lightbrownshoulder-length hair, hazel eyes, Ivory skin and wear pearl earrings, brown turtleneck sweater, blue denim pants and brown Tom shoes. She didn't wear any makeup except her blush lipstick.\"Your friend here\" his mum smiled sweetly. ","Summary":" Beep! Beep! A young boy woke up from his alarm clock and get up from his bed. He is 12 year old and"},{"Movie":"Let Me In, 2010","Title":"An Angel and A Boy","Author":"OneBadAuthor","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10538228","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is my sequel to Let Me In,also check out my other Let Me in stories. Xxx Owen sat on the train with Abby in the trunk,he thought about how he ran away with was his best decision of his couldn't stand the risk of losing Abby ever had already experienced it once and he was not happy at all,but this was in the have the present needed to remind Abby about knew she was always guilty about heard knocks coming from the knocked out ARE WE THERE knocked back that they were going to get off soon and he could see her however wanted to see Owen right now she knocked out she wanted to see him now and he opened the trunk just a little to see her face. \"Hey.\"Owen said with a smile.\"Did you miss me?\" Abby started fiddling with her fingers,\"What makes you think that?\" Owen had an arched eyebrow,\"You kept me from sleeping and then now you make me talk to you.\" \"Are you complaining?\"She had a smile loved knew it was very hard for her to be happy now had a they first became friends she was very and loving but very seemed to get some life into her,and he has very few time to complete her might as well enjoy it as it he turns 16,it's over for him and that pace,he had to kill for Abby had 4 years to fill her life and after all she had been through it was impossible to do it by needed forever to do it,but that meant Abby had to change knew full well that she didn't want to turn him and if they ever talked about it,she would get sad did not want to do that,it was the last thing he would do in his life. \"No,I'm not,\"He finally replied. \"What were you thinking about?You took a long time to reply.\"Abby asked confused.\"Plus your face is telling me you were thinking about something so spill.\" Owen took in a deep breath,\"I was thinking about the future,and about us.\" Abby sure if she wanted to keep going. \"You've been changing Abby,you now have a personality and you can actually have fun,your life isn't completed yet.I still want to make your life better,but after I turn 16 I have to start killing for much as I love you,I can't kill for you.\" Abby was stunned by his never thought she had a Owen knew he was suggesting that she would turn him but she couldn't do would then put chaos in his wonderful life,that what she would've thought before he chose to run away with couldn't believe it,he gave up all he had just to be with was the same fate as Thomas had feelings for Abby but she didn't feel the same way about was only two ways to spare Owen's life from and then Abby's worst fear,turning couldn't do that It was worse than death,but she could talk about that later. \"You don't have to Owen,and even if you won't I will never be disappointed in you no matter what you do.\"Abby said soft as ever. Owen smiled at her,\"It's good that I won't disappoint you but you can't keep me from growing only choice is death so kill me when you need to.\"he looked down at the ground sadly like his life had already didn't want to sadden him any longer than she already had. \"Don't worry Owen I will never kill you,never think of that I won't lose you not ever.\" He then looked up at her again,\"Ok,see you tomorrow night ok?I need sleep.\" She thought he took in too much so she should let him rest,\"Sure get as much sleep you need ok?\" Owen nodded and closed his eyes and went to he then woke up to a loving voice calling his name,and then he got a slap to the didn't hurt but it took him by immediately opened his eyes in shock. \"What was that for Abby?\"He asked suspiciously. \"Time to get off Owen.\"Abby replied with a giggle. \"How did you get out of the trunk then?\" \"You didn't close it completely.\" Owen nodded,\"You should get in the trunk then.\" She nodded in reply and climbed back in the felt the trunk getting moved so she just mixed the Rubik's Cube back up again and then began to solve it once what seemed like 5 minutes she felt the trunk looked up and side to side and saw no one so he quickly opened the trunk and Abby jumped out like a spring. \"So do you know where we are going?\"Owen asked outside the train station. \"Yeah I know there's a motel around here,\"Abby replied.\"It's not the best but it will do.\" \"Ok,\"He then gave her a hug.\"Thank you so much for letting me come with you.\" Abby smiled,\"It was selfish of me to make you come but I couldn't bare losing you.\" \"Don't worry Abby I wanted to come with you.\" \"Yeah it's all in the past I am happy that you came with me.\" Owen paused,\"Try saying that when I almost killed you,\" He pulled back from the hug and sat down thought of the time he almost killed Abby by challenging her to come into his house without an then bled from every opening in her eyes came from curiousity to fear as he realized that she was dying right in front in she was still Abby. \"Owen please don't think about that,\"Abby said with concern in her voice.\"It wasn't your fault.\" \"Yes it was.I almost killed you and you were still just a normal girl.\" \"And that's why you are special,\"Abby suddenly said. Owen looked up in confusion,\"What?\" Abby smiled weakly at him,\"Everyone sees me as a demonic monster but you were saw me as a actual 12 year old I met you I never thought of normal things such as showers,fun,or any other gave me a life again Owen.\" Owen smiled,\"I really gave you a life again?\" Abby nodded and gave him a kiss on the then smiled,\"We should get going.\" He then stood up and walked in the direction of the motel hand in hand with finally arrived at the they walked in it was about got a room for 5 Owen went inside the room smelled like urine,sweat,trashbags,and expired was not a good motel but hey nothing is unpacked his bags and then taped the windows up for had already gone to the bathroom to she came back in the windows were already taped and Owen was laying in smiled and curled up with him in Owen wasn't thinking about her he was Abby was in the bathroom,a note suddenly flew was for Owen Hello Owen, Who I am is not important I just want to warn you, Stay away from Abigail Or I will rip your head off Owen read the note several times before putting it had no idea who this thing or person was but it was coming for wasn't allowing it,at least he could try to protect her and then get killed but it was enough time for her to get out of the house and then getting away from was just staring at the motel's noticed he wasn't talking or doing anything she had concern in her face. \"Owen?\"She decided to finally ask.\"Are you ok?\" From then Owen realized where he was and who he was with,\"What?Oh yeah I'm ok.\" Abby could easily tell he was lying so she wasn't giving up,\"Come on tell me what you were thinking about.\" Owen took in a deep breath and then pulled out the note from his showed it to Abby and then she started reading it several times before admitting that it was she stopped she had tears in her had put him in great uncle was coming for her. Owen noticed tears in her eyes and then grabbed her in his arms right away,\"I'm sorry so sorry I didn't know this would hurt you.\" \"No it's not you,it's just,just that that was my uncle and then I put you in danger with my past.\" \"But what do you want me to do?The only choice is…\"He paused as his eyes widened in fear.\"NO!I'm not leaving you!\" \"You have 's not that I don't love you Owen,it's because I love are going to die if you don't leave me so please leave will meet again.I promise you.\" \"I'm not leaving you,I don't care about my life is nothing without you.I might as well just die if I leave you.\" She was stupefied by his loved him more than her own would miss him but it was for his own made up her mind he has to leave her. \"No you have to leave I've made up my mind.\"She decided. Owen nodded sadly,he was going to lose Abby didn't care,he had a plan for her uncle but it couldn't happen now maybe sighed as he packed his bags ","Summary":" This is my sequel to Let Me In,also check out my other Let Me in stories. Xxx Owen sat on the train"},{"Movie":"Let Me In, 2010","Title":"Cured","Author":"Frob","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9090500","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Happy Birthday, Owen!\" A mother congratulated her son, giving him a piece of cake. A girl was sitting next to him. \"Abby, would you like some cake too?\" The lady asked. \"No, miss, thank you…\" \"Owen, I still cannot understand, why are we celebrating your birthday in an old fort?\" Owen's mom asked. \"Because it is fun!\" Owen smile with a wide fake smile. Abby noticed that the only reason he is here is because of her, since she has been living in this fort ever since Owen moved to a small town in Massachusetts. Abby decided not to hide from Owen's mother any longer and came up with an idea of a birthday party in the fort. \"Abby, please have some lemonade instead\". Owen's mother insisted no matter how much Abby refused. Finally she agreed to take a sip. She did not notice that during the argument a strange liquid from the sealing fell from the fort in Abby's cup. Abby drank the lemonade. A minute later she stood up and went to another hall of the fort. Owen though she was going to throw up for a few minutes and later comeback. Ten minutes passed and Owen began to worry. He stood up and told his mother: \"I am going to check on Abby…\" Owen was shocked at what he saw. Abby was throwing up blood. It looked like she threw up some sort of a liquid at first, but soon something bad had happened. \"…something…\" Abby growled and fell on the ground. Owen stood there frozen: \"Is she dead?\" He quickly fell on his knees and put his ear on Abby's heart: It stopped. He had to act fast. He tried to reanimate her giving her an indirect heart massage and mouth-to-mouth resuscitation. \"Abby, please, wake up!\" He tried and tried… The moment he wanted to give up Abby coughed. \"Abby, you are alive!\" He exclaimed. \"What happened?\" Abby asked with a weak voice. \"You just…died for a second…\" \"My stomach hurts, I am hungry…I am thirsty…\" \"You want blood? I can…I can give some…\" Owen offered. \"No… I can feel again…I haven't felt like this since…Could it be…\" Abby whispered full of joy. \"No, it is too risky! You cannot go to see the sun!\" Abby wanted to stand up, but pain filled her feet like never before. She did not want to show that to Owen and sat down. \"Abby, what's wrong?\" Owen asked. \"Nothing… Bring me some of that cake\". \"You're kidding, right?\" Abby understood that Owen would never believe her and she barely stood up. Owen noticed that she was hurt and helped her to the table, where his mother was drinking Russian vodka. Abby began lavishly consume the cake. \"Abby, what is going on?\" Owen asked whispering in her ear. \"My vampirism has been partially cured\". Abby whispered back. \"I have heard stories about that potion, I regain my immortality and eternal youth, but lose many of my weaknesses such as depending on blood and being destroyed by the sun. Alas, I lose one of my very important ability… Now I can feel the climate change and pain… I think the main ingredient fell from the sealing. It has to do something with bats...\" \"Abby, that's great news! Finally you can come out of the fort!\" Abby drank three glasses of lemonade and said: \"Where have I been walking? My feet are killing me\". \"I don't know on the snow, on rooftops and... I have an idea! Let's go to another room . Even if it is my own birthday, I have a surprise for you\". Five minutes later… \"Ah…Owen, you were right, this does make me feel reborn\". Abby said as Owen rubbed her feet. \"Your feet are very sore and it will be better for you if you don't walk for a few days\". Owen responded applying more pressure. \"Wait, Owen, since I am not a vampire anymore I also want to go outside and feel the heat of the sun again\". \"You will, I promise, but your feet are weak for now. I will take care of you\". \"Owen, you are the best…\" Abby said and kissed him suddenly right in the lips. Owen began to rub harder. \"Ouch…That hurts, stop, stop…ouch…ah…\" Abby resisted. \"Just relax\". Owen said and ran his finger through the arch of her right foot. \"They hurt…They hurt a lot…\" \"Everything will be ok...\" To be continued… ","Summary":" \"Happy Birthday, Owen!\" A mother congratulated her son, giving him a piece of cake. A girl was si"},{"Movie":"Let Me In, 2010","Title":"Let Me In A Twisted Version:He Is Coming","Author":"OneBadAuthor","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10511390","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I just wanna say at least one person liked my story ...That's just a guest...Wow Yep BYE xxx Owen found a cave near Heather's might visit Abby one day maybe on the 4th of July to celebrate smiled at the thought of could visit Abby since she wasn't sure that he loved her or wasn't sure if being friends with her was a right chuckled,how right was she,but in truth he did love loved her more than his own unpacked his trunk full of solved all of them a long time ago but it was literally his lost Sally,he lost now all alone just like in night when he was turned and almost murdered by his own family then laid down and waited for did not want to die...at least not probably would visit Abby on the holiday and then that would be his last time seeing was his fate,no more blood or bodies it will be his fate to then waited until sunrise and then went to sleep. However in the Elliott residence,Abby was sobbing in her mother's old bed about how Owen she found was a note..and a Rubik's she saw that she broke could do nothing to her she could do was wait and then Abby would be fine then came the worse didn't have anymore tears to cry so she had to let out a whimper that Heather thought was a was all her guessed Owen might've heard about Abby and her neice was incredibly sad all because it was Heather's couldn't do anything about knows where Owen could be now but he can't be far,it was already can't just go outside and call his name,but what can she do?She heard Abby close the bedroom door and the crying was weird,Heather thought to came and opened the bedroom door to find Abby panicked but couldn't call the just had to wait. Abby however,climed out the window to find Owen she was still sick but didn't she cared about was finding walked right to the woods and found a cave and there laid Owen peacefully smiled weakly at the sight of couldn't do much more though she then fell down on the floor,not she awoke she found Owen sitting next to her but not saying anything,he was looking down at didn't have a smile or anything just a blank smiled but he didn't return it. \"Don't think I can stay here Abby,\"He said.\"I have to go away without you.\" Abby's face turned to fear,\"Wait what?Why?\" \"I know you Abby,I know you don't want me here to live with you and Heather don't you?\" \"What no no,it's just I'm not sure what I'm going to do when I'm going to end up as a new caretaker,\" \"Look Abby,I told you that you won't be another caretaker,I don't want you to become like Sally please remember that but you said it yourself you don't even know that I love you,how could you say that?You know I love you more than my own life.\" She sat up sadly,\"It's just that I don't know you said you love me but what does that change?You can't make me stop aging,I can't kill for you.I couldn't even defend myself from Sarah with a knife.\" \"That says something to me Abby,\" \"What that means I can't defend myself?\" \"No it means you are a good people I met could hurt people more easily.\" Abby pulled him in for a hug,\"Please stay I don't want you to leave I want us to be an actual family,I want you to feel life as a normal boy again.\" \"That's just the problem,I'm not normal and I can never feel as one again,\" \"I don't care if YOU think you're not normal,I know you are,you are everything to me ok?\" \"I love you Abby,never think I don't\" \"I won't\" They then shared a kiss and then laid down fell asleep since she didn't get any sleep then wrapped his arms around smiled has to turn her and he is the only way they will truly be might turn her sometime around next was a plan he was going to keep. When Abby woke up Owen was nowhere to be found and she was back in her Aunt's thought it was all a dream but when she found a note that confirmed that he would was just in the bath tub also told him that to tell Aunt Heather not to come sighed in relief that he was home and he was staying,She had to do something for had already gotten the blood in the fridge,she got 2 bottles of blood and then placing them on the then waited until Owen woke up he went to the saw the two bottles of blood.\"Here we go then.\"He thought to took one bottle and then opened took a then Abby tried to sneak up on senses told him to turn around but then Abby tacked him to the chuckled,\"You gonna let me up?\" Abby lifted her head up so their eyes could lock up together,she smiled,\"I don't know,maybe I shouldn't\" \"You know that I can get off anytime I want right?\" \"Yeah but you won't because deep down you love it when I do this.\" \"True that.\" Then it grew just stared into each other's leaned down and gave him a long tender then broke free and rested her head on his they got up. \"Oh yeah did you try the blood yet?\"Abby asked remembering why they came here. \"Yeah it actually didn't taste like anything but it's ok.\"Owen replied. \"Good then,we can actually make this work Owen.\" \"I know,\" His thoughts however wasn't thinking about how his life would be or even Abby,it was about his long lost uncle coming to get never told Abby about will soon but then what?Risk her in danger?He wouldn't take that not for has to do everything to make her if it costed his own then sat down on the couch with a face of deep thought,Abby noticed this and then went to talk to him. \"What's wrong?\"Abby asked him.\"I can tell you are in deep thought.\" Owen looked up in sadness at Abby,\"I guess I should've told you sooner.\" \"What sooner?\" \"It's,my uncle Tezar coming to get me,and you.\" \"What?\"Abby said with her voice scared. \"He smelled your scent all over me,he knew we are lovers.\" \"Wait what's the problem?\" \"He said the day I killed my sister after I ran away that he will find me and kill me,and if I had a lover,he would kill her too.I can't put you in danger Abby,you mean too much to me.\" \"No I can't just stay here to let you do you do?\" Owen smiled sadly,\"I have to lure him away so you and Heather can be can forget about the sun.\" \"Wait then what will you do?\" He smiled,\"I can see the sun for the last time Abby.\" Abby's eyes widened as he said that,he was going to die all for her,\"NO,what are you talking about?\" She began to sob and cry as she rushed up and wrapped her arms around tears had gave a big puddle on Owen's shirt. \"It's fine Abby,you can live without me plus it's my more bodies or blood.\"Owen said. \"But I will lose you!\"Abby exclaimed back.\"Don't leave me please I have nothing!\" \"You have a great future if I get out of your life.\" Abby began to grow angry and pulled back,\"WHY DO YOU ALWAYS THINK THAT OWEN?DON'T YOU GET IT?I LOVE YOU FOR GOD'S SAKE.\" She pulled him in for a long passionate kiss when they pulled back she rested her head on his chin,\"Please please don't leave me.\" \"I love you too but if I do I can't put you in danger so please don't get yourself in trouble,\" \"I promise I won't be your distraction.\" He pulled back from the hug and went outside to the porch and sat sat next to wrapped his arms around closed her eyes and that she was with was going to be safe..Or would she. Xxx The ringed finger man was pouncing and feeding on had visited his little nephew near then traveled away quickly enough so his nephew couldn't catch didn not travel far my nephew,he thought to himself,I am coming to get you and your friend. ","Summary":" I just wanna say at least one person liked my story ...That's just a guest...Wow Yep BYE xxx Owen f"},{"Movie":"Let Me In, 2010","Title":"Just Before Midnight","Author":"Tricia1985","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10514288","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Just before Midnight Friday. September, 198- Ulster County, New York The young man drove through the darkness faster than he should have. He wasn't reckless by nature, but there was something about having the road all to himself that was intoxicating. The two lane ribbon of asphalt was poorly lit and had several dangerous curves and switchbacks, but the young man knew it intimately. He had grown up around here, and apart from the rare trip to New York City, seldom left the county. It was a beautiful, late summer night and he had the windows rolled all of the way down. The smell of pine and grass filled his car as he passed groves and farms on his way home. He was nineteen and a sophomore at the state university at New Paltz, and although he didn't have a set curfew, he usually tried not to stay out too late. His rear tires kicked up gravel as he turned a little too sharply into his driveway. The young man could imagine his father chiding him for doing that – and then promptly dispatching him with a rake to even out the rut he left. He reached up to the sun-visor and pressed the button of the garage door opener hanging there. Nothing happened for a moment or two, and he silently cursed his luck with batteries. It was probably time to change them. However, before he could unbuckle himself, the door retracted. Well, that's something in my favor, he thought as he edged the Chevrolet into the detached garage. \"Home again, home again,\" he muttered to himself as he unhooked the garage door remote and collected his things from the passenger seat. The young man gently shut the car door and made his way to the back pack porch. About halfway to his destination, he turned and pushed the button. Nothing. The young man waited a second or two and tried again. The door remained tucked up on the rails above his car – or at least that's what he assumed. His eyesight was good, but the driveway wasn't well lit. Between the faint light over the porch door and the motion-sensitive light on the corner of the house, much of the young man's field of vision was a patchwork of dancing shadows. It can wait until morning, he thought as he turned back towards the house. He toyed with the idea of pulling the door down manually, but dismissed it. The last time his dad did it, the damned thing slipped off of one of its rails and it took an hour to get it seated again. It's not worth killing myself over it. It'll keep. It was a safe, rural neighborhood and it was unlikely that anyone would decide to engage in any late night rummaging. The young man faintly heard a twig snap off to the side of the house, deep in the gloom and well out of sight. There was nothing unusual about that, and he dismissed it almost immediately. Things going bump, or rather snap, in the night were a fact of life in the country. Probably just a possum or a raccoon, he mused. There were tons of critters in this part of the county, and most of them were harmless. Those that weren't - such as the odd coyote or black bear - were more a source of curiosity than fear. Whatever it was, it didn't sound big enough to be a black bear. He shrugged and fished his keys out of the pocket of his old leather jacket. He took a couple of steps when something hit him like a ton of bricks. He hit the ground hard, his keys and garage door opener flew out of his hands and clattered away into the night. Sharp bits of stone cut into his palms as he tried to brace himself. The young man struggled to take a breath as he tried to regain his feet. Before he was able to, the same something that had laid him out was on him again. Panic rose in his throat as he felt claws rip into his jacket and the yielding flesh beneath. He tried to cover his head and neck, but was too slow. Razor like talons tore at his exposed hands and left deep gouges in his cheeks. The snarling, whining thing savaging him was light and smelled distinctly carnivorous. The young man could hear its teeth snapping shut mere fractions of an inch from the vulnerable nape of his neck as he writhed. His assailant's fetid breath was sickeningly warm against his exposed skin and the young man felt sharp teeth graze the back of his hand. \" No! NO!\" He screamed as he pushed himself off of the ground with all of his might. The thing that was on top of the young man lost its grip on his jacket and was thrown off onto the gravel with a dull crunch. This time he was able to get back on his feet and he pivoted back towards the garage. He threw himself forward, stumbled and slid the last couple of feet into the yawning darkness next to his car. It hadn't been a conscious decision on his part - just a matter of blind luck. The young man's breath came in ragged gasps and his heart felt as if it was trying to batter its way out of his chest cavity. My God! What was that? What did it do to me? He knew he was hurt and could feel blood – his blood – spreading from the deep gashes on his arms, legs and back. His face was sliced open as well, but it didn't seem as bad as the others. He wasn't in pain yet. He knew that would come later – if there was a later. With what strength he had left, he pushed himself deeper into the well of darkness between the car and wall. A growing fire seemed to take hold in the flesh of his hands, arms and back. In the inky darkness, he couldn't see how badly he had been mauled. God, what did it do to me? I'm not safe here! It can still get me! I'm not safe here…. Bleeding. I'm bleeding really badly. Gotta calm down. Gotta calm down. Gotta stop the bleeding. How? Help. I need help. He wanted to scream and was about to do just that when something stopped him. The young man knew that if he made enough of a racket his folks would hear him and come outside to investigate – and fall victim to whatever had attacked him. If I scream, my parents will come running and end up getting hurt. IT will get them. If I don't, I'll probably die out here, though. I have to do something. Minutes that felt like eons passed as the young man waited for the thing to press its attack. Surely it knew he was injured and cornered. Why didn't it follow me in here? Maybe it's waiting for me to bleed out? Did it really hurt me badly enough for me to bleed to death? The fog of terror slowly began to lift as his pulse rate returned to normal. The thought crossed his mind that maybe whatever it was hadn't expected him to resist and had been put off by the struggle. He had read once that predators usually weren't willing to risk getting injured and would often back off from their prey if they weren't able to make a quick kill. That meant it had either skulked off to find something easier to kill, or that it was waiting in bushes for him – whatever it was. Somehow that was the worst part of it. He had no idea what it was that might be lying in wait for him. He knew that it wasn't a dog – no dog or coyote had claws like that. Bears did, but they were scare in that part of the Adirondacks, and whatever had attacked him was far too small. Maybe it was a mountain lion or cougar or something? In New York? When was the last time someone saw a cougar here? A tiny, perverse part of him was curious about what it was. No fur. I didn't feel any fur or whiskers. It grabbed at me, too. Whatever it was had grabbed at me. It had hands. \"Stop it,\" he muttered to himself. It was dark and he was terrified, but he still realized that his line of thinking was nuts. The motion-sensor light switched off, plunging the driveway back into darkness. The young man swore to himself. He knew he needed help. Even if whatever had attacked him had left, he was still in trouble and had to get help. Gotta get inside. Gotta get out of here and into the house. I dropped my keys. I have to get them back. Even with the outside lights on, it would have been difficult to find his keys in the dark. The young man only had the vaguest idea of where they were. He thought they landed not too far from one of the ceramic planters that marked the border of the driveway. Given time and patience, he probably could find them. He didn't have any time, and patience was a luxury he could ill afford at this point. In the stillness of the garage, he imagined he could feel his heart pumping blood out of each scratch and cut. He was already feeling drained and woozy. How much had he already lost? How much could he afford to lose? He knew he must have lost quite a bit of blood given how his shirt and jeans were sticking to him. He reached out in the dark and felt for the side of his car. Its engine made a soft ticking sound as it cooled. \"Shit,\" he moaned as he stood. His knees screamed in protest as he straightened himself out. He would have felt better if he could get the outdoor light to come back on, but he didn't dare expose himself – not yet anyway. In his mind, he envisioned it waiting for him, crouched just out of sight. He'd have to run and grab his keys and make a dash for the porch. Of course, that all depended on whether or not he could even find his keys. If they weren't where he thought they were, he would be done for. What then, smart guy? He thought to himself. Do you really think it's gonna let you fumble with the door? What happens if it decides to attack right when you get it unlocked? Do you really want that thing loose in the house with mom and dad sound asleep upstairs - defenseless? \"Have to get inside,\" he said as tried to muster what courage remained within him. \"Have to get inside. It can't get me when I'm inside.\" The young man had no idea whether or not that was true. It was nothing more than wishful thinking, but it was all he had. He knew in his heart of hearts that he could wait out here and let nature – or whatever it was that was responsible – take its course. He was exhausted and part of him, perhaps more than he was aware of, wanted just to scoot to the back of the garage and curl up. You're only nineteen? Do you really want to give up? Why not? I'm beat. Besides, kids die all of the time. Usually it's a car crash or something. I just happen to be lucky enough to end up getting offed by a whatsit or something. What about mom and dad? Do you really want them finding you in a pool of your own blood in the morning? Or worse… \" No. NO!\" The young man felt something new take hold of him, replacing the fatigue and terror he had endured. He was furious. He didn't deserve this. He didn't deserve to die. He was a good person and knew he had an absolute right to at least have a fair shot at living. Says who? \" Shut up!\" With great effort he compelled himself to walk forward. He paused at the threshold of the garage and leaned out. He knew his odds of finding his keys were better if he could set off the motion sensors. He leaned out a little more. Nothing happened. The lights remained off, but at least it didn't pounce on him. \"Come on,\" he decided he'd risk taking a step out into the open. Still nothing. He took another halting step forward. He felt his heart begin to race once again. His shirt was soaked with what he suspected was a healthy mix of blood and sweat and he was shaking. The lights are motion sensitive. MOVE! He held his breath and slowly waved his arms over his head. His exertion was agonizing, and for a moment or two, he thought he would pass out. He didn't and the lights finally switched on. His relief was almost as intense as his pain had been. He immediately scanned the area, but other than disturbed gravel, saw nothing to indicate that he was walking into an ambush. What are you waiting for? He chided himself. Find your keys and get the fuck inside! \"OK. Gotta find my keys,\" he slowly staggered towards where he thought they had landed. As it turned out, luck had once again favored him. His keys were there, just on the edge of a shadow of a great oak tree. Had they sailed half a foot further, he probably wouldn't have seen them. The young man risked another look around before bending down to get them. His hands were numb, and in the less than stellar light cast by the outside fixture, he could only just see the scrapes and abrasions. That was fine. He didn't want to see – not yet anyway. He'd freak out once he was safely indoors with the deadbolt set. Not until then. \"Home fr-\" The young man didn't hear the branch above him creak. Nor did he hear the soft thud behind him. Even if he had, there probably wasn't anything he could do about it. He was too tired and too weak to fight back. It was different this time, though. The way it forced him to the ground was almost gentle. He had a vague sensation of being lowered rather than thrown this time. He tried to scream but wasn't able to. Something with an iron grip had taken a hold of his throat and was squeezing. A hand. It had hands. The young man felt its hot breath against his skin again. This time there was nothing he could do as sharp teeth tore into him. His vision dimmed as he was held down and he prayed that it would be over soon. Lips, he thought as the darkness clouded his mind. Those are human lips against my neck. He opened his eyes just enough to get a look at what was hurting him. The image was blurry but he thought he could make out matted blonde hair and what might once have been a KISS t-shirt. A girl – a little girl. It didn't hurt - at least not as much as he anticipated. He did feel his skin tear and a thick, spreading warmth pool beneath him, but it wasn't agonizing. Tired. Just want to sleep. Just let me sleep, he thought. \" I'm sorry,\" It whispered to him. \"I didn't want to hurt you more than I had to.\" \" Wh-wh-?\" \"It would have been easier if Owen was here. I was so hungry. I couldn't help it.\" A small, soft hand caressed his uninjured cheek as It – she – began to feed. The young man closed his eyes for the last time. NOTES: I thought it would be kind of interesting to write something from the point of view of one of Abby's victims. I figured I'd set it sometime after Abby and Owen flee New Mexico in the movie. I made Abby a little less monstrous in this than she was in the film. I don't recall Abby having claws in the movie, but since Eli had them in the book, I figured I'd let her have them. I had a rough draft of this on my hard drive for quite some time, but wasn't sure what to do with it. I'm not quite sure if it works as a horror piece. If this turns out to be OK, I might expand on it at some point. All rights belong to the respective owners (John Ajvide Lindqvist and Matt Reeves.) ","Summary":" Just before Midnight Friday. September, 198- Ulster County, New York The young man drove through th"},{"Movie":"Let Me In, 2010","Title":"Questions","Author":"Kingdomalith","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7757137","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I don't own Let Me In or Mr Zoric. Author's Notes: So I just wanted to make this for no reason really, just a random one-shot with Mr Zoric because there is a SERIOUS lack of stories that involve him. (Honestly I thought there'd be more LOL) It really has no follow-up and I don't expect there to be, but enjoy anyways. Read and Review please! P.S. I took the last name Wheeler from another Let Me In Fanfiction, and I randomly named two of the three bullies with what I thought would be they're names. I honestly can't remember them if they're said in the movie. Update: It's fixed! Somewhat. Thank you TorontoBatFan and realbullet for your suggestions. I have added them in! Ten days. It had been ten days since the horrific events that had occurred in Los Alamos, at an ordinary middle school. Four students had been killed- no, not killed. More like slaughtered. It took four days to identify each of the bodies, those of Kenny, Donald, Mark, and Jimmy. To this they had found that the boy Owen Wheeler who had been present that day in the pool, was missing. At the moment, Mr. Zoric, the physical education teacher at the school was called into the local police station to be questioned- but not the police, he was currently being questioned by the FBI. \"So, Mr Zoric I presume?\" \"Yes.\" Of course I am Zoric… \"I am agent John Carter; we have been digging up information about the recent murders of the three middle school students and one high school student in the school you teach at. Can you shed some light on some questions we have?\" \"Of course.\" Do they even care that I do not wish to recall these events? \"Very well, now do you know where these murders took place exactly?\" \"At the pool in the school.\" Silly questions they ask, as if they think I am stupid. \"Ok, ok. And, where were you during these murders?\" \"I was outside trying to put out a fire that one of my students informed me about.\" That damned fire. \"Now, if I'm correct you left through the double doors into a hallway of the school that you follow down until you end up at the back doors of the school?\" \"Yes.\" It's the fastest way out. \"And so how long were you putting the fire out?\" \"It took a few minutes.\" If only I had more time… \"How long exactly?\" \"Five minutes.\" I should have been faster. \"And then when you were done you went to go straight back to the pool correct?\" \"Yes, but the door was locked.\" Why was it locked? \"So then what did you do?\" \"I ran to the front of the school, doors locked. Tried every door, all locked. Had to break a window to get in then went back to the pool.\" No lying. \"How long did it take for you to get back into the school?\" \"Fifteen minutes.\" I should have never gone. \"Were they dead when you arrived at the pool?\" Mr Zoric hesitated; uneasy looking, he reluctantly replied. \"Yes.\" He said in a whisper. Dear merciful God, why? The images… A slaughterhouse… they… The agent leaned forward on his chair making direct eye contact with Mr Zoric. \"You never could have saved them, time was against you.\" \"I could have stayed,\" Mr Zoric mumbled, \"now four kids are dead and one is missing.\" God forgive me. \"Mr Zoric, if you had stayed then the fire could possibly have burned down the building with everyone inside it including you.\" Mr Zoric just kept quiet so the agent decided to move on. \"Now, Mr Zoric,\" the agent said while changing his sitting position, \"was anyone else in the building when you arrived at the pool?\" \"No.\" All the boys and girls gone… at least they were safe. \"Was anyone at the school at all?\" \"Not that I could see.\" They all left. \"So you did not see anything out of the ordinary whilst going to the pool?\" \"Nobody was in hall, all empty, every room.\" It was a bad omen. Very bad. \"Was there some sort of program happening that day?\" \"Strength training. Training boys to get strong, including Owen, missing boy.\" Owen… \"I see… was one of the murdered boys also in this program?\" \"Yes, Mark. He told me about fire.\" I could be fired. \"Ok Mr Zoric. I'll be right back; I just have to leave for a minute.\" The agent stood up and walked over to the door of the interrogation room with the information he was just told running through his head. He walked down a hallway into a separate room which contained the desk to John's superior at the moment. \"What did you find out?\" A white middle aged man about in his forties said staring straight at John, our agent. \"The teacher put out the alleged fire and tried to gain entry back into the building, he didn't see anyone at all during the time of walking to the pool, which gives us more evidence that our theory is correct.\" \"Good, anything else?\" \"Yes, he was teaching a strength training program at the time which one of the murdered students attended along with the missing one Owen Wheeler.\" \"Find out more John, we need more information. It might bring us a lead.\" \"Sure thing boss.\" The agent nodded and then walked back to the interrogation room. He opened the door and strolled in taking the hard seat he had just left a few moments ago. \"Alright Mr Zoric, just a few more questions and you're free to go.\" \"Ok.\" Mercy. \"Now, what did you do exactly after seeing the dismembered students?\" Mr Zoric was silent for the moment, and then he took a deep breath in. \"I ran to my office. I dialled Nine-one-one and waited for the ambulance and police to come, they asked me questions but not many, and then let me go. I went straight home that night.\" I didn't go straight home, no. I was treated for shock. I stayed… The images… still fresh… I won't ever be the same. All the blood… \"Did you see anyone suspicious on your way home?\" \"No.\" I prayed. \"Did one of the murdered students have a grudge on Owen Wheeler?\" \"Kenny. Owen split his ear with a pole while on a skating trip.\" Seemingly harmless skating trip… \"Were you present on this trip?\" \"Yes. I went to stop Owen but someone found a body in the ice. Everyone started screaming, so I went to get someone nearby.\" Death. Evil. Help me… \"Ok, well you're free to go Mr Zoric, have a nice day.\" He didn't move. \"Why are you asking me these things about the boys?\" They could have asked anyone. \"We have a theory Mr Zoric, the theory that the four murdered boys got everyone out of the school including you to give some sort of payback towards the missing boy Owen, but someone interrupted the payback and then proceeded to save Owen by killing the four boys.\" \"That is big theory.\" Makes sense. \"Yes, now if you'll excuse me, I have to leave you once again. The exit is just down the hall on the right, good day Mr Zoric.\" Agent John stood up and left once again. He was hoping that the new information would give some sort of lead, but deep inside he was doubting that they would ever catch the killer; let alone find Owen Wheeler. Death and decay… This town. I will move far away. Never coming back. Ever. Were Mr. Zoric's thoughts as he left the police station. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I don't own Let Me In or Mr Zoric. Author's Notes: So I just wanted to make this for no"},{"Movie":"Let Me In, 2010","Title":"Vampires That Sparkle?","Author":"TorontoBatFan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8083931","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Greetings, fellow Let Me In fans. I thought it'd been a long time since anything new was posted on the board, so I was able to get this out in a couple of hours after I got home from work. It's a humorous little bit I've had tumbling around in mind for a while now. I hope everyone gets a chuckle out of it. I also know this is a lot shorter than usual, but it just works that way so I Makokamed the chapter. :-D Again...I do love reviews. :-D And awayyyyy we go. :-) Cold Creek, Montana; June 2003 Abby looked up from her laptop screen as she closed the file she was working on, and looked across the desk at Owen, who was completely involved in his own work. \"Are you about done?\" She asked. Owen had spent the first part of the evening working doing administrative work required for their roles as the Vampire King and Queen of Montana. Once that was completed, he'd set about taking care of correspondence for the sheep ranch. \"Just about\" Owen replied as he clicked a few buttons and then sighed with satisfaction as he completed his work. He clicked the mouse and the printer began to dispense hard copies of what he'd just been working on. \"And I'm done. I'll just leave these on the breakfast table so Grandpa can sign them tomorrow. You're all done?\" \"The books are done for the month.\" Abby said with satisfaction. \"We had a good lambing season again this year.\" \"Grandpa will be pleased.\" Owen said as he took his mate's hand and they left the ranch's office, turning off the light behind them. As they stepped out into the hallway, Abby made a face. \"What's that smell?\" Owen sniffed the air and smiled. \"That's AXE. I guess Johnny put some on before he went on his date tonight.\" \"Put some on? It smells like he bathed in it!\" Abby said as the heavily scent of the body spray assaulted her vampire senses. \"Really?\" Owen sniffed the air. \"I don't think it's that bad.\" Abby shook her head in disbelief. Over the twenty years she and Owen had lived here with his grandfather and then his little brother, Abby had come to realize that for whatever reason, the men in his family seemed to think that there was no such thing as too much cologne. Even after he was turned, Owen still didn't seem to be bothered by the copious amounts of cologne used in the house. \"He must think that the commercials are real, where women just flock to him because of the body spray.\" Abby said with a roll of her eyes. \"Come on…You've got to admit that you missed the body spray smell this last year.\" Owen said putting his arm around his eternal lover's shoulder and pulled her close to him. Abby smiled. \"Yeah…I admit it. It's nice to have the smell of tacky body spray around the house again.\" She said. She had missed it, and Johnny, very much the last year while Johnny was away at his freshman year at Montana State University in Bozeman. He'd been home for the summer for two weeks now…and was apparently keeping himself busy between his summer job and a VERY active social life. \"Well, it's about all we've seen of him, except for when he gets home at night.\" Owen said. The late-setting June sun generally meant that his little brother –who was now 6'2 and recipient of a full track scholarship- was usually out and about by the time he and Abby arose for the night. Owen didn't begrudge his brother his active social life at all though. In fact, he was glad that Johnny never had the problems fitting in that he'd had in his human life in Los Alamos so long ago. The two vampires crept silently through the darkened ranch house. From upstairs, they could hear the sound of a television as Grandpa Oscar was apparently enjoying watching David Letterman in his bedroom. \"So, what's there to do tonight?\" Owen asked as he and Abby stepped out onto the porch and took in the night sky. He looked up at the myriad of stars and admired their beauty. In the twenty years he'd lived at the ranch –as both a human and as a vampire- he still found the stars that shone in the clear Rocky Mountain air to be beautiful beyond words. About the only thing he thought was more beautiful was Abby. \"Let's go down to the river.\" Abby said with a smile. That was her favourite place on the entire Alfredson ranch, and Owen knew it. \"Race you\" He said with a smile and was –literally- gone in the blink of an eye. Abby giggled and took off after him. Seconds later, the two vampires were down by the river. It had always been a place they loved. Two decades before, it was where Abby first began to tell Owen of her past when they were still adjusting to their new life together. A year after that, it was where Owen first attempted to fly during his first night as a vampire. Now, they just sat down in their usual spot and Abby put her bare legs in the water. \"I read online that Gary Oldman is going to be in the new Harry Potter movie.\" Owen said as he sat down next to Abby on the riverbank. \"Who's he going to play?\" \"Sirius Black\" \"I can't get over the way people have gone nuts for those films.\" Abby said with amazement. \"Yeah, and now they're going to have to wait a whole year until the next film.\" \"It'll be weird this year with no Harry Potter film out at Thanksgiving.\" \"Yeah…But we'll get Return of the King instead.\" \"I can't wait.\" Abby said with a smile. They were both completely enraptured fans of Peter Jackson's adaptation of J.R.R. Tolkien's Lord of the Rings trilogy. \"I wonder who'll be remembered longer: J.K Rowling or Tolkien?\" Owen mused. \"Well, Tolkien's work has had a much bigger impact for longer. I mean, George Lucas borrowed heavily from him when he did Star Wars . Even the title of the third piece of the trilogy is the same: Return of the King and Return of the Jedi. But, I have to admit that Rowling has really accomplished something. She created a whole world, just like Tolkien and Lucas did and she's drawn people into it and made them want to read.\" \"I guess.\" Owen said thoughtfully. \"It's too bad people can't write books about vampires that people want to read.\" \"There's Anne Rice.\" \"Please. Her books put me to sleep faster than the cycle does at dawn. And then they got Tom Cruise to play Lestat\" \"I know…The vampires down in Louisiana still mock her because of that.\" Abby giggled as she recalled the last time the annual meeting of vampire monarchs was actually held in Louisiana. Apparently, the local vampires enjoyed nothing more than mocking Anne Rice. \"Yeah, but I still wonder…If someone wrote a book with vampires as the main characters, would anyone read it?\" \"I'll bet teenage girls would.\" Abby said thoughtfully. \"Seriously?\" \"Owen, you should see the types of no-brains required series that they market for teenage girls nowadays. I see it whenever we go to the bookstores in Missoula or Wolf Creek. They're all about girls meeting these 'dangerous' and 'angsty' boys. They're all aimed at the same crowds that watch One Tree Hill and are all about as deep.\" \"I'll bet someone who could write something that teenage girls would read could make a fortune.\" \"Totally. It wouldn't have to be deep, or have really well written characters. It would just have to have a girl pining over some cute but dangerous boy and they'd probably have to hire guards to keep the crowds in line at Barnes & Noble.\" Abby said, as she pondered it over in her mind. She looked up at the bright, almost full moon. It shone down on the water, with its reflection shimmering on the water. Abby admired its beauty. In their bedroom, she and Owen had a large framed picture of this very same place taken in the daytime. There, the sunlight reflected beautifully on the water with a million sparkles. Something clicked in her mind then. Sparkles…She thought to herself as a smile crossed her face. What if, the sunlight, instead of burning a vampire caused…Her smile grew wider as an idea fell into place. A short while later, Owen and Abby were back at the ranch house. Owen had settled down to play a game on his laptop. Abby, however, was sitting, looking at a blank Word screen. She sighed to herself. She needed to begin with something really pretentious and fraught with self-important angst. She began to type…\" I'd never given much thought to how I would die…\" Months Later Owen closed the cover of the galley proof and looked up. Abby was looking at him with anxious eyes. \"Vampires…that sparkle?\" Owen asked with a perplexed look. \"He had to be able to walk around in daylight. It was the only way to let them go to high school. The sparkling part...just came to me.\" Owen shuddered at the thought of eternity in high school. He still had flashes of terror when a memory of his tortured middle-school existence came to the foreground of his mind. \"Aside from that gorilla shit about vampires sparkling like beautiful diamonds when the sun hits them, what do you think?\" \"It's…\" \"Terrible characters…self-righteous moralizing…an uninspired, always victimized heroine?\" Abby said with a knowing smile. \"Not to mention that it makes being a vampire seem like the greatest thing in the world to be?\" \"How'd you know…?\" \"That's how I wrote it. I got about a chapter in and realized that the only way to write it was to make Bella a spineless damsel who will essentially jump off a cliff if Edward wanted her to.\" \"You should do that in a sequel.\" \"I'm thinking about it.\" Abby said with a smirk. \"Do you think it'll sell?\" \"I've been looking through some of the books they have for teenage girls when we've been to town…and you're right. This is the type of stuff they'll eat up.\" \"That's what the publishers are betting on.\" \"What happens if they want to meet the author?\" \"They've taken care of that. They found a sanctimonious hack who'll be officially credited as the author. She'll make all public appearances and essentially be the face of the book, in exchange for 30% of the royalties.\" \"I like your face better.\" Owen said giving Abby a kiss. \"Thanks\" Abby giggled. \"But, it's either that or open up a lot of questions we don't want people asking. Besides, I'm sure we'll make some good money with our percentage of the royalties.\" \"How much do you think we'll make?\" \"I don't know. I mean, I can't see people going as crazy for this as they do for Harry Potter. My publisher wants me to start on a sequel though, just in case this sells well.\" \"What would you do in a sequel; more about their little hobby of playing old-timey baseball in thunderstorms?\" Seriously, he thought to himself, the Cullens are dull vampires if that's the best type of activity they can come up with. \"I don't know…Maybe I'll have Bella become so lame she'll jump off a cliff just because she misses Edward, or something completely pathetic like that.\" \"That would work. Oh…I've got something.\" \"What?\" \"How about this Jacob Black guy…You said he's a werewolf?\" \"Yes\" Owen snapped his fingers. \"I've got it. You know how in Top Gun , Maverick and Ice Man acted like competitors to cover their attraction to one another?\" \"Yeah?\" \"Well, have the same type of tension between Edward and Jacob. He and Edward TOTALLY want one another…but they cover for it by both pretending they want Bella!\" \"Oh my God, Owen…That's brilliant. It practically writes itself.\" Abby said with a gleeful smile as she powered up her laptop to begin her sequel. ","Summary":" Greetings, fellow Let Me In fans. I thought it'd been a long time since anything new was posted on "},{"Movie":"Let Me In, 2010","Title":"Nazi Zombie Chickens","Author":"Lee Kyle","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7660630","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Nazi Zombie Chickens Owen lowered his sunglasses and shot a blast of red energy at the henchman, hurtling the evil minion into the fortress' chasm. \"Nice shot,\" Abby cried as she bit another hapless villain's head off. Arterial blood spurted everywhere. The enamel-colored adamantium coating her teeth was doing wonders for her finishing move. They made short work of the control room scrubs. Owen found his new utility belt especially helpful. Getting bitten by a radioactive spider, injected with meteor rock, endowed with an alien ring, and dropped in a vat of toxic waste was all well and good. A few advanced gadgets still came in handy. He wrapped two bad guys in a cable and used his developing telekinesis (oddly similar to the Force) to slam a third minion into them. The battle was over. Owen and Abby paused to survey the carnage. Not a bad afternoon's work. Would there be an epic boss showdown? Or was this just one of those secondary fortresses that diabolical geniuses kept stocked for warm-up fights? Abby paused to feed. Owen headed down a corridor (oddly similar to the Death Star). A robot with a meat cleaver suddenly appeared and lunged for him. Owen disposed of it, but not before the machine managed to chop both his legs off. \"Oh, drat,\" Owen declared as he flopped on the floor. \"Honey!\" he yelled. \"Quick, find a save spot, or we're gonna respawn all the way back at the vampcave.\" After a few seconds Owen's legs were back on his body. \"Thanks, dear!\" He proceeded down the hall and discovered a series of cages. Each cell contained a single zombie. The undead creatures reached for him through the bars. Owen was unimpressed. Abby came up behind him. \"Zombies,\" she said. \"I should have known.\" A dinette set occupied a corner in each cage. The tables all seemed covered with a partly eaten breakfast. \"This one liked his eggs scrambled,\" Owen noted. \"That one fried. That one poached. It's as I feared. No matter how you like your eggs, you can still be zombified.\" They came to the end of the corridor and pried open the door. Neither hero was surprised to see the giant red swastika hanging from the ceiling. But the occupants of the secret lab were not what they expected: the facility was filled with chickens. Owen and Abby walked between the cages, observing the hens as they pecked away. \"Holy poisoned poultry, Owen,\" Abby proclaimed. \"The Nazi plot is diabolical,\" Owen agreed. \"Eating eggs from these fiendish fowl turns the breakfaster into a zombie. And what is every child yearning for this Christmas? His very own chicken. Unsuspecting citizens will take these innocent-looking cluckers into their homes, little knowing the undead doom that awaits them.\" \"We have to do something,\" Abby realized. Owen planted C4 charges, grabbed a cage with a single chicken, and led Abby from the fortress. They stashed the Nazi zombie chicken in the backseat of the vampmobile, then headed for the vampcave. During the drive Abby became reflective. \"Owen,\" she asked, \"has it ever occurred to you that our lives have changed a bit recently? I mean, when we met in Los Alamos we were experiencing one kind of life. Now everything's different. Like we've landed in some sort of alternate reality. Like we're not even really the same people.\" \"What do you mean?\" Owen replied. \"Well, think about it. I'm twelve years old. I've always thought like a twelve-year-old. Now suddenly I'm abstracting in five separate layers of discursive, dialectic meta-analysis. It's like I've transmogrified into a graduate student who spends too much time hanging out with tenured English professors.\" \"I see,\" Owen said. \"It's more than that, though. I've killed 8,193 people over the last 279 years. That carnage used to afflict and torment my soul. I was an existential wreck. But now none of it really seems to affect me any more. How is that possible? It's like I've been replaced with someone who is still a vampire and who still answers to the same name, but who thinks and feels completely differently. I used to be deep. I used to care. Now what am I? A TV character, a cartoon, a dumb blonde. Owen, what's happened to me?\" \"You still look the same,\" Owen noted. \"But is the essence of personal identity found in external appearance?\" Abby challenged. \"I'm so shallow, an airhead strolling through mounds of carnage without being impacted in any significant way. Ending human lives used to affect me. So much grief and self-hate. Look at me now. How am I better than an animal? Once upon a time there was substance to my personality. Alas! Now I really am nothing.\" \"But you're noticing it,\" Owen noticed. \"That must mean something.\" \"Yes,\" Abby said. \"Even now I'm not actually me. The real me feels existential angst, but is incapable of articulating it. The real me feels transcendent needs unique to human beings, but does not understand them or discuss them. Who is this new Abby? I can think about what makes a person truly human. I can discuss it with you. But I no longer feel any of it, Owen. I no longer am human.\" \"You weren't thinking any of this in the fortress, were you?\" Owen inquired. \"No,\" Abby said. \"I wasn't self-aware at all. Just an action-figure ditz going through the motions. Now at least I'm intellectually cognizant of how I've changed. But I still don't care about all the people I just killed.\" \"You're aware that you don't care.\" \"Yes,\" she allowed. \"One false me has been replaced with another false me. A smarter girl, certainly, but no less callow or inhuman. I swear, Owen, it's like the gods are toying with us. They've plucked us from the real world and planted us in this alternate reality for their sport. But it's worse than that. The gods haven't just snatched us from the world. They've snatched us from ourselves. They've stolen our very identities from us. We are not what we are.\" \"Can't we just choose to go back to being ourselves?\" \"Maybe,\" Abby said. \"I used to have a conscience. Can I make myself have one again? I used to be human, consumed by my need for something greater than fun, or happiness, or love. Think about it, Owen! Happiness never used to be enough for me. Now it is. I used to be human. Now I'm not. I've degenerated into a happy animal. Woe is me! Can an animal decide to be human, Owen? Can an animal make herself human? What am I to do? I want to be me!\" \"Weren't you kind of miserable as you?\" Owen asked. \"And this is the solution?\" Abby shot back. \"To have some god wave a magic wand and undo my very identity? That's no solution, Owen. That's just replacing a real person with a fake person. Changing a thoughtful, caring girl into a dumb, airhead blonde doesn't actually solve anything. If the gods really want to do me good, they'll solve my problems while leaving me as I am. Do you hear that, gods? If you're so smart, fix me while leaving my core identity intact!\" \"What if that's an impossible task?\" Owen wondered. \"I'd rather be unhappy and real,\" Abby pronounced, \"then content and fake. I want to be me!\" \"This new fake you,\" Owen suggested. \"So articulate and philosophical. Maybe that's a different god messing with you.\" \"I think you're right. One god turned me into an airhead animal. Now another god has turned me into a genius animal. But still just an animal. My word, how demeaning it is! I've been debased into a sickening life-form: a creature that can end human life and suffer no serious lasting consequences. But now I can see it! Now I can feel the pain of not feeling. I think the second god is even crueler than the first. At least when I was a complete ditz I wasn't conscious of my superficiality.\" \"But think, Abby, since you're suddenly so smart. Why would this second god give you such perception, such deep self-knowledge? Surely he must know the pain it causes you.\" \"It could be nothing more than sport,\" Abby lamented. \"He could delight in me realizing how I've been replaced with another Abby. Delighting in the sick fact that I have no final control over anything in my life, not even my own identity. Curse the gods!\" \"There is another option,\" Owen said. \"Perhaps there is war in heaven. Perhaps the gods fight amongst themselves. Maybe some want to belittle you, cheapen you, turn you into something you're not. But maybe others duel as your champions. Maybe they want to keep you, succor you, protect you from those who would remake you in their own image. Maybe such a protector is helping you right now.\" \"If there is such a god fighting for me,\" Abby declared, \"he would let me be me completely . Do you hear me, you dumb dolt of a divinity? I want to be me!\" The vampmobile transformed into a '76 Chevy. Their spandex and leather supersuits morphed into normal teenage clothing. Owen drove them down the South Dakota highway, wondering why making Abby happy never seemed to be enough. He glanced into her eyes: so distant, vacant, hurting. Fountains of grief sprang from within her. What could Owen ever do to empty those pools of misery? He knew he had to keep trying, though. \"I love you, Abby,\" he said. She gave him a sad smile. \"I know,\" she replied. Then her expression changed. \"Owen, why is there a chicken in the back seat?\" ","Summary":" Nazi Zombie Chickens Owen lowered his sunglasses and shot a blast of red energy at the henchman, hu"},{"Movie":"Let Me In, 2010","Title":"One Gold Ring","Author":"TorontoBatFan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7660078","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Greetings, dear readers and season's greetings to everyone. I'm so glad I was able to get this Christmas story written and published in time. This is just a little Christmas story I had in mind when I was writing Chapter VII of \"Eternally Bonded\". In case anyone was wondering about what Owen was bending down for when they came up from their swim in the river, you'll now find out. There are certain elements/characters present in this story that might come as a complete surprise to my regular readers. Well, that's because of events I have planned for other fics that will take place between \"Eternally Bonded\" -which was set in May of 1984- and this one which takes place on Christmas Eve of 1984. So, I guess you could say that there are some spoilers inherent in the text. :-D If anyone wants to get me anything for Christmas...reviews are always appreciated, never exchanged and NEVER re-gifted. LOL Thanks for reading my fics, and I hope everyone has a very Merry Christmas and Happy New Year! :-D One Gold Ring Cold Creek, Montana; December 24 th , 1984 It was December of 1984. In Washington D.C., President Ronald Reagan prepared for his second inauguration that would take place the following January. Likewise in Washington, Vice-President George H.W. Bush looks ahead to 1988. In Little Rock, Arkansas, re-elected Governor Bill Clinton prepares for his own inauguration…and thinks of higher dreams. In the small town of Tarker's Mills, Maine, a wheelchair bound boy named Marty Coslaw prepares a trap for the beast that had plagued his town over the cycle of the year now ending. All across North America, and much of the world, people prepared for Christmas. In the town of Cold Creek, Montana, store fronts were decorated for Christmas. The recently rebuilt and re-opened (complete with a state of the art sprinkler system) Foreman Funeral Parlour was sponsoring an ice-sculpting contest in the town square. Ten miles outside of Cold Creek, on the Alfredson sheep ranch, snow began to fall from a leaden sky, beginning to coat the recently shoveled walkway, steps and –in the yard- a fairly recently erected jungle gym. From inside the festively decorated ranch house, came the sound of a nine month old infant crying, in anticipation of a late-afternoon feeding, as the sun slipped below the horizon. The light fled from the winter sky and night arrived again. The time of the vampire had come. Down in a cellar turned bedroom, two sets of eyes opened. One set stayed open. The other set tried to close themselves again. \"Owen?\" \"Hmm\" \"It's time to get up.\" \"Five more minutes, Abby?\" Was the reply that was muffled by the pillow that Owen had buried his face in. \"Nope\" Abby giggled. Owen, she'd learned, woke up as a vampire the same way he seemed to have done as a human…namely, reluctantly. \"Come on.\" She said as she turned on the reading lamp and bodily pulled Owen up to a sitting position. \"I'm up, I'm up.\" He mumbled as he ran his hand through his dark hair and pushed back the covers. The air felt cold on his nude body, but it didn't really bother him. As Abby had described herself once, he really didn't get cold any more. He looked about the room. It had changed a little in the seven months that he'd been living down here. Now, the shelves held some of his books and possessions, alongside Abby's, transferred from his old room upstairs. A new set of hooks had been placed on the wall to hang his clothing from. And, some of Abby's posters had been displaced so Owen would put up some of his. Abby then turned her back to him and poured some water from a thermos into a basin and set about brushing her teeth. While she was distracted, Owen silently checked the pocket of his pants. He smiled as he assured himself it was still there. He couldn't wait to see Abby's face when he gave it to her. Reassured that his planned surprise hadn't been spoiled, Owen stepped over to the wash basin, picked up his own toothbrush and accepted the Colgate Pump toothpaste from Abby. He pumped some Colgate gel onto his brush and set about his regular ritual. (He would have found it funny once, but he'd learned that vampires liked having clean teeth as much as anyone else.) Ten minutes later, after having dressed and consumed a bottle of blood apiece, Owen and Abby, each carrying a coat over their arm, emerged from their quarters into a gentle evening's snowfall. Owen looked at Abby and smiled. He always thought she looked so pretty when it snowed. It tended to not melt on her cold skin and hair, giving her the appearance of some sort of snow fairy. He took her hand and they walked along the side of the house together. \"It looks like the jungle gym got a lot of use today.\" Abby said, pointing towards it. Owen looked and saw a great deal of footprints –now being filled by the falling snow- surrounded the jungle gym. \"I guess Grandpa and Uncle Lyle brought Johnny outside to play on it.\" Owen said. \"I hope they took some pictures.\" Abby said as she looked at the playground apparatus that had once stood in the courtyard of Owen's old apartment complex in Los Alamos. \"So do I.\" Owen said as he looked at the jungle gym where he and Abby had first met and fallen in love. He thought it looked rather good, sitting in their yard now. In all honestly, it looked even better than it had when they'd first met. He and Abby had spent the better part of every night for two weeks working on it. They'd sanded off all the rust, applied several coats of rust-proof paint, and then reassembled it. The two vampires walked past the jungle gym and entered the house through the kitchen door. Oscar Alfredson looked up from the kitchen table, where he was reading the newspaper and smiled at his grandchildren from behind his horned rimmed reading glasses. \"Right on schedule, I see.\" He said with a smile as they acknowledged him. \"Where's Uncle Lyle?\" Owen asked. \"He's taking a nap. He wore himself out a little with Johnny this afternoon. I think he's also still on San Francisco time.\" Oscar said with a chuckle. \"You had him on the jungle gym?\" Abby asked as she walked to the fridge and removed the flowers they'd been keeping there. Owen walked into the living room and made for the playpen in the middle of the floor. \"Sure did.\" Owen heard his grandfather say as he stopped before the playpen and look down into it. Dozing inside was a dark-haired infant of nine months, clad in blue pajamas. Owen reached down silently and pulled up the blanket a half-inch. Having made sure that his baby brother was sleeping peacefully, Owen returned to the kitchen. \"It looks like Johnny tired himself out as much as Uncle Lyle.\" Owen said with a smile. He counted three sets of flowers. He placed his feet into a pair of boots as Abby pulled on her coat. Owen did the same with his own coat. \"How long do you think you'll be?\" Oscar asked as he stepped over to the stove to check on dinner. \"Not more than a half-hour, I think.\" Abby said as she and Owen picked up the flowers and stepped out of the house again. \"My jacket looks good on you.\" Owen said with a smile. \"It does?\" \"Totally\" Owen said as he looked at the silver jacket Abby wore. It was the same one he'd been wearing when they fled Los Alamos. He'd outgrown it well over a year ago, but Abby had then taken to wearing it whenever they had to go anywhere they might be seen in cold weather and her lack of a jacket would be noticed. \"My spacesuit definitely works on you.\" \"Your what?\" \"I never told you? Well, it kind of looks like a spacesuit –the old silver ones, like the type John Glenn wore. Back in Los Alamos, when I would put it on, I used to pretend that it was a real spacesuit and that I was blasting off to some big adventure. Or, maybe that it would at least protect me, like a real spacesuit, from all the stuff I had happening to me then.\" Owen finished quietly. He shook his head as if to clear it. He now had absolutely nothing left in Los Alamos and planned to never again, in the eternity that now lay before him, step back in that town. Abby sensed his momentary dark mood and touched his arm gently. \" I always thought you looked handsome in it. It was like a suit of armour, because that's what you've always been to me: my knight in shining armour.\" She said as she gave Owen a kiss. Owen smiled and pulled his eternal mate close, touching his forehead to her own briefly. \"Let's go.\" He said, as the two vampires took to the night sky. Scant minutes later, Owen and Abby had set themselves down in the Cold Creek Cemetary. Silently, they walked among the various headstones and monuments. Abby noted they passed the fairly recently erected marker for Sally Lawton. There were fresh flowers there, placed by Joe Lawton before he left for Chicago to visit his son and family for Christmas. Abby silently murmured another apology to Sally Lawton –both for what her uncle did, followed by what she and Owen did. Owen had asked her at the time if they had to do it. Abby felt they did. Vampires turned in that way –those who had been declared dead and rose again- were bound far more by instinct and retained far less control. She would have preyed on her own family. Even if she hadn't succeeded in feeding off of them, Abby couldn't begin to imagine how they'd react to seeing her return in that way. Abby had summed it up to Owen by saying that the only other way would be for Sally to never see her loved ones ever again. Abby asked Owen what he would have wanted if he'd been turned but could never have seen her again. Owen agreed with her that eternity would be a curse rather than a blessing if one would always be apart from the one they loved. (Abby had already realized that after Owen came into her life. He turned her immortality from a curse into a blessing.) Soon enough, they reached the spot where members of the Alfredson family had long been laid to rest. Owen sighed heavily and placed the two of the bouquets before a plaque with a pair of names that had only been in place since the summer. He kneeled in the snow and touched it. Abby left him to his private communion and went over to a far older headstone. She placed the flowers before it and looked at the name on the marker: Elina Alfredson. She brushed some snow away and, as she'd done so often since joining Owen's family, wished she could have met Owen's late grandmother. Owen stood and stepped over to his grandmother's headstone. He looked down at his solemnly. In truth, he had a hard time remembering her, as he'd been so young the last time he'd seen her. He still felt her presence in the house though. His grandfather kept her pictures around and recounted the experiences they had. After this Christmas visit –that the rest of the family planned to make before attending a church service later on- Owen and Abby took to the snowy air to return to the ranch. They swooped low over the woods by the house and landed in a clearing where they'd built a snowman a week, or so, prior when some packing snow had fallen. Abby had never built a snowman before, but quickly got into the spirit of it. Owen had even suggested they put a dark cape on it and give it fangs, in lieu of the traditional hat and carrot-nose. He and Abby had fallen over laughing as they visualized it. Walking back to the house, Abby noticed a rental car was now parked in the drive, beside Oscar's pick-up truck. \"I guess Stefan arrived.\" She noted. Uncle Lyle's significant other had been unable to fly out with Lyle three days prior due to his job and had been planning to catch a flight from San Francisco to Missoula that afternoon. \"Yeah, Uncle Lyle was starting to get worried he wouldn't make it in time.\" \"I wonder how he'll react to us.\" Abby mused. She suddenly wished she'd put some shoes on before leaving for the cemetery. She thought that might at least make her seem less...otherworldly. \"Let's go with what we planned. Let him get used to us…Then, we kind of find a way to work it in.\" \"And do what Uncle Lyle suggested to us –let him have two or three Manhattans to let him mellow out first.\" \"Uncle Lyle took the news alright.\" \"Yeah, but he's related, by blood, to you and Grandpa. That means he's got the best of genes.\" Abby said with a smile. Owen smiled back at her. He stopped in front of the jungle gym. \"What?\" Abby asked. Owen's reply was to simply lift her up and sit her gently on the jungle gym as she giggled. \"I wanted to give you something.\" \"What?\" \"A little something for Christmas.\" \"I thought we were doing presents tomorrow evening.\" \"We are. But, this is something special I want to give to you in private.\" \"What is it?\" Abby asked with a curious smile on her face. \"Well, we said, back in May, that you turning me meant we can consider ourselves to be married….\" \"Yes?\" \"Well…I thought that if that was the case, you should have this.\" Owen said shyly as he pulled a small gold ring from his pocket.\" \"Owen!\" Abby gasped is shock and delight as he slipped it on her left ring finger. To his immense relief it fit perfectly. \"Where did you get it?\" Abby said as she looked at it. \"Well, I hope it doesn't bother you…But it was off of Jebediah. I found it on my first night, back in May, on the driveway where the sun got him. Do you remember when we came back to the house after being in the river?\" \"That was what you were bending down for?\" \"Yeah, I saw it there and I thought it would great for you.\" \"But, wasn't it all melted?\" \"Not totally. I've been working on reshaping it and smoothing it out off and on since then. It doesn't bother you that it was on him?\" Abby looked at the ring again. Now that she was looking for it, she could definitely see that it had a pattern to it that matched ones worn in her family. She smiled at Owen. \"Not at all; you turned it from something that came from him…to something that came from you.\" Abby said with a smile as she caressed Owen's cheek. \"Good\" Owen said with a smile as he held out his hand and Abby hopped down from the jungle gym. He took her in his arms and kissed her long and hard on the lips. \"I love you Abby.\" \"I love you too.\" She smiled at him warmly. \"Now let's go inside. It's time to get Christmas Eve underway and I want to see if anyone notices this.\" She said as she looked down at her new wedding ring. Owen smiled as he took her hand in his again, and led her back into the house to begin their Christmas celebrations. ","Summary":" Greetings, dear readers and season's greetings to everyone. I'm so glad I was able to get this Chri"},{"Movie":"Let Me In, 2010","Title":"Perspective","Author":"Makokam","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7672847","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Mako's Message: This is actually the first fanfic I idea I had for Let Me In . Don't know why it took me this long to finally write it, but here it is. Hope you enjoy. The movie had looked interesting in the commercials. And he'd heard it was amazingly popular. So, he put the effort into talking Abby into seeing a vampire movie. Five minutes into the movie, however, Owen had the feeling something was wrong. Halfway through, he knew he'd made a big mistake. The sound of Abby's claws scraping through the arm of her seat only confirmed that. When the movie ended, Abby didn't move. He guessed she was trying to pull herself together enough to pull her claws in and hide whatever other vampiric features had slipped out. When they left the theater, he had to jog to keep up with her. She stayed silent as they walked through the crowds of giggling girls, as they left the building and walked through the parking lot towards the river. He lost sight of her among the trees on the river bank. He stopped and looked around, \"Abby?\" Suddenly he was grabbed and pulled through the trees by a pair of small but very strong hands. He yelped when he was suddenly dragged into the air. When they landed on the other side of the river, he was thrown against the trunk of a tree. \"Why?\" Abby growls. She's taking this worse than he thought. \"Why!\" she roars as she claws a chunk out of a tree, and for the first time in years, Owen is scared. \"I...I...\" he stumbles, trying to come up with an acceptable answer to a question he's only guessing at. She closes in on him, her face is hit by moonlight, revealing her to be in full vampire form, crooked, jagged teeth bared as her lips are pulled back, yellow eyes look up into his out of a face that is pale and covered in welts, \"Why don't I get to sparkle!\" she screams. Owen's mouth falls open as he registers what she just said, \"What?\" \"Why do I look like this?,\" he can tell now, even with her voice distorted, that she is near tears, \"Why do I burn in the sunlight? Why can't I read minds? Or see the future?\" She walks away, and after a few steps falls to her knees, \"Why can't I live on animal blood? Why couldn't I get to go to school? Live like a normal person?\" Her voice slowly returning to that of a normal girl. Owen slowly moves away from the tree and puts an arm around her shoulders as he kneels down beside her, \"Abby...\" She looks up at him with eyes unable to cry, \"Why couldn't I be like them? Why did this have to be the truth?\" \"I don't know,\" he says to her, \"but I love you just the same.\" She wraps her arms around his neck hugs him, \"Thank you.\" She releases him and sniffs, more out of habit, a remembered behavior, than out of any need and says, \"If that's what being a vampire was like, I'd have turned you as soon as we ran away.\" Owen laughs quietly at that, \"Now, don't go making me jealous of that big haired tool too.\" Abby giggles as their foreheads meet, \"Nah, I'd take you over him any day.\" Owen smiles and their lips meet in a quick kiss. Then he stands and pulls her up, \"C'mon, you may not notice but it's getting pretty cold, let's go home.\" \"And snuggle on the couch?\" she asked hopefully. \"Sure.\" \"Yay.\" Abby said as she nuzzled her way under Owen's arm. As Abby took them back across the river, Owen thought about how he'd thought the idea of a sparkling vampire was ridiculous and insulting. He guessed it was all a matter of perspective. ","Summary":" Mako's Message: This is actually the first fanfic I idea I had for Let Me In . Don't know why it to"},{"Movie":"Let Me In, 2010","Title":"Your Surrender","Author":"StakeTheHeart","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7693583","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Trying to get the last Let Me In obsession out of my system. This came about from the song Your Surrender by Neon Trees. Great song by the way. If you have time listen to it. Pretty long but anyone who knows my crossover fics know I like long one shots. \"Won't you let me in?\" Night had finally fallen as Owen stood from his spot in the courtyard. He patted the pile of snow with his foot to make sure the candy wrappers he buried there weren't visible. He promised his mother he would return in time for dinner so he trudged through the newly fallen snow and up into his apartment. He took off his jacket as he entered his room and pulled off his boots. He left them both by the door and threw his jacket on the floor. He back tracked to the kitchen where his mom was setting out plates. \"Hello honey. Did you have a nice time out?\" she asked with a quick glance at him. \"Yeah,\" he replied simply. They sat down to eat shortly after that. When dinner was over, Owen retreated to his room. It was a Wednesday and he had homework to finish. He was halfway through math when a taxi pulled up outside. He tried to ignore the loud car but when the noise rose he threw down his pencil and stood to look out the window. An old man walked across the courtyard carrying a huge trunk. He didn't spend much time looking at him because a girl about his age caught his eye. She looked downcast in a tattered hoodie and a skirt. Her footprints trailed behind her in the snow. He tilted his head in wonder. How could she walk around out in the cold bare footed and without warm clothes? He stared until they were out of view and stood for some time at the window before returning to his desk to continue his work. Sounds out in the hall pulled him away from his focus. He sighed and stood to leave his room and see what was going on. When he entered the living room, his mom greeted him. \"Where are you going?\" she asked as he walked straight to the door. \"Nowhere, we have new neighbors and I want a closer look,\" he replied. She turned back to the TV when she was sure he wasn't going out. He stood on the tips of his toes so that he could peek out. The man was unlocking the door while the girl stood leaning against the wall. She glanced briefly at his door before stepping forward and entering the apartment next door. He relaxed back on his feet and turned to go back to his room. After he finished his homework, he threw on pajamas and crawled into bed. He turned over three times before falling asleep. When Owen woke up in the morning, the last of his dreams faded to the back of his mind. He remembered that it was a nightmare. A shadow was trying to get into his room from the window. He kept telling it to go away but it persisted. With a crash, it burst through the window and with a flash of claws and a glint of sharp teeth it attacked him. He jumped from bed at that moment with fright. He was able to get to sleep again but this time he did not remember his dream. In the morning he slid out of bed and began searching for clothes to wear. Once he found them, he threw them on and retrieved his jacket to put on over. He put on gloves and boots before picking up his backpack and heading out. \"I'm going now mom,\" he said as he passed her coming out of her room. \"Without breakfast?\" she asked. \"Yeah, I'm not really hungry,\" he replied. \"Ok then, come right home after school,\" she told him sternly. He nodded and left. He walked to school with thoughts of the new neighbors. He wondered how long they were going to live there. They didn't seem to have much. Maybe they had to keep moving every so often. He entered the campus and went straight to class. He didn't have any friends so he had no reason to sit around talking. He simply sat at his seat and waited for class to start. The day dragged on as usual and when it was over, he did exactly as his mother asked. She was happy to see that he didn't take any detours so she told him he could go outside when his homework was done. \"I know how much you like time to yourself. Just be back before dinner,\" she said as always. He was thankful for a small load of homework. When he finished, he grabbed a stash of candy he hid and left to sit on the jungle gym in the courtyard. He sat out there wondering when he could go back to the shop that served as a hang out spot for the town's younger population. He loved going there to buy Now and Laters and spend time on the games. He glanced down at the candy he now held in his hands. He was running low. The bars vibrated just slightly under him. He sat up straight and froze. Ever so slowly he deposited the candy in his pocket and then he turned to see the new girl sitting on the other side of the jungle gym. She stared intently at him. He shivered uncomfortably. \"I want to be alone,\" she informed him with an air of irritation. He frowned. \"I do too,\" he responded, not backing down. \"Then leave,\" she suggested. \"No, you leave. I was here first,\" he said, turning away to ignore her. She scooted closer and leaned to try and see his face but jumped back when he turned around again. \"Why aren't you gone yet?\" he questioned. Her normally blank features gave way to slight agitation under the shadows of her hood. Owen thought she didn't look too happy so he stumbled to apologize. \"Sorry, I just…this is my spot,\" he finished lamely. She didn't reply. Instead she jumped from the bars and landed softly in the snow. He watched her graceful movement and noticed she was still barefoot. He was about to question her choice of wardrobe but she spoke first. \"See you around then,\" she said as she turned to leave. He looked down at his feet and then back to her but she was already gone. He stood, turning in a circle but she was nowhere in sight. \"That was odd,\" he mumbled. At dinner, he told his mom about the girl. \"Maybe you should give her a chance Owen. She's probably lonely and you're her age. Someone she can talk to,\" she suggested. He groaned. \"She freaks me out mom. I don't want to hang out with her,\" he retorted, setting down his fork. She gave him a disapproving stare. \"Fine, if I run into her I'll talk to her,\" he grumbled. She smiled. After dinner Owen went back to his room to start on the book he had to read for class. He didn't get a paragraph done before banging next door distracted him. He sighed and put the book down. Curiosity always had a way of gnawing at him until he gave in. He sat up on his knees and pressed his ear to the wall. \"I'm sorry! I tried! What else do you want me to say; I'll do better next time?\" a strangled voice shouted. It was hard to hear what was said next through the wall. Owen sat back on the bed in confusion. What was going on over there? After the shouts toned down, he picked up the book again. He ended up falling asleep while he read. This time his dream wasn't a nightmare but a loud sound broke him out of dreaming anyways. He looked to his window to see movement. He tensed and rubbed his eyes, hoping it wasn't anything but the shadow moved again. He could make out gleaming eyes staring into his room. He screamed and darted for his mother's room. \"Owen? What happened?\" she asked tiredly when he flew into her bed. \"Really, really, bad dream,\" he responded. She patted his shoulder and turned over. In a matter of seconds she was asleep again. Owen laid awake most the night before finally falling asleep. In the morning he felt worn out. \"Come on Owen wake up. You'll be late for school,\" his mother said as she shook him awake. He groaned and slouched to his room to get dressed. A half hour later he was sitting in his classroom. He practically fell asleep through the whole day. Then he dragged himself back home. As he entered his mom was ready to leave. \"There's a pot pie in the oven for you. I have to go. Stay inside tonight ok?\" she said to him on the way out. He nodded and dumped his stuff by the couch. She left and the apartment was quiet. \"I wonder if that girl is outside today,\" he said to himself. He put off the idea to go outside and instead opted to sit and eat. After, he read and got homework done. By the time he was done the sun had set. He stood and looked out the window. She sat in the same spot outside, swinging her legs as they dangled off the bars. She looked up at him and he hurriedly jumped away from the window so she couldn't see him watching her. He ran to the door, while tugging on his jacket and despite his mother's words, he left. The weird feeling lurking in his stomach coaxed him forward. He had to find out more about her. Right when he sat down she turned to look at him. \"You're back,\" she said tonelessly. He glanced at her but wouldn't meet her gaze. \"Yeah, I wanted to get to know you. You're the only person my age in the whole complex,\" he told her as he continued to look away. A strange look passed her face before she fidgeted. \"My name's Owen, what's yours?\" he asked. \"Abby,\" she replied uncertainly. He finally looked at her. She forced a small smile. \"You want to know me?\" she questioned. Owen nodded. \"How old are you?\" he said. She looked down. \"Twelve more or less,\" she replied. \"Same. So you just moved here with your dad?\" he asked. She nodded. \"I live with my mom. Maybe we can hang out more,\" he forced out. He was too scared of what she would say so he jumped from his seat and waved. \"Or you can think about it. Sorry for asking. I have to go, I'm not even supposed to be out,\" he said as he tripped over his words. A corner of her mouth curled into a small smile. \"See you,\" she said. He nodded and jogged back home. She stayed seated for a while longer before jumping from her perch. She sighed heavily and then slowly walked out of the complex. Owen was busy calming himself down as he lay in bed. He felt alone and vulnerable but his mother wouldn't be back until later that night. He refused to look out the window and concentrated on going to sleep. Tomorrow was Saturday; a day free of school. He fell asleep easier this time. In the morning he got dressed to head out but his mother caught him before he could ask to go out and got him to sit and eat cereal. After getting her permission, talk drifted in a different direction. \"Have you talked to her?\" she asked. He nodded. \"What did you say?\" she said. \"I asked if she wanted to hang out,\" he replied bluntly. \"How nice of you,\" she responded. \"No, mom, she makes me feel weird,\" he told her. \"So you like her?\" she asked. He froze and then shook his head with a frown. \"No! She makes me uncomfortable,\" he rephrased. \"It's ok to say you like her,\" his mother persisted. He sighed. \"I'm going to go now. See you later,\" he told her. When he left and crossed the courtyard he stopped to stare at the footprints around the jungle gym. \"Hope she doesn't bring that up again,\" Owen grumbled to himself. He made it to the shop where he spent a few hours and then returned home. Reading was next on his list of things to do. Later that night Abby woke to Thomas entering the apartment. She jumped from the tub, yanked open the door, and rushed to him. \"Did you get it this time?\" she asked with a slight whimper. He shook his head. Rage slowly filled her. \"Well why not?\" she replied. An irritated grimace showed plainly on her features. She tried to hold back the rising anger but in a state of hunger, the monster wouldn't be ignored. \"Maybe because I couldn't find a potential candidate,\" he replied tiredly. She held in more anger until it burst. \"Get out,\" she warned with clenched fists. Thomas panicked, realizing he had pushed her too far, and ran out the door hastily. When he was gone, she was able to let some of the frustration caused by hunger to dissipate. She wasn't able to find anyone last night so finding someone tonight was a priority, she thought as she left. Owen was on his way out to find Abby when he ran into her some time later. She ran out to the courtyard and skid to a stop when Owen was on his way back home. \"Oh, hi Abby, I was looking for you,\" he said. She calmed herself to reply. \"You were?\" she said. He nodded. \"Yeah, um, I wanted to know if you want to come with me to see this awesome place,\" he told her. \"Ok, right now?\" she responded simply yet uneasily. \"Yeah, why not?\" he asked. Her thoughts quickly searched for an answer. \"Now would be ok,\" she replied. \"Let's go,\" he said as he gestured for her to follow him. He led her to a door and took her down a flight of stairs. They came to a door which opened into a dusty room. Abby walked in and Owen followed cautiously. \"Find a light switch,\" he said. Silence met him. \"Abby?\" he questioned the darkness. His voice wavered. His nightmare flashed in his mind for some reason and he panicked. He turned to run out and collided with something. He fell and a crash followed. A sharp pain ran up his arm. He held his arm where the cut ran from his forearm to his elbow. \"I found the light,\" Abby said from the other side of the room. She flipped the switch and froze. He looked up at her in confusion. \"I hope you aren't squeamish. Can you help me up?\" Owen asked, lifting his hand and waiting for her to take it. He glanced at the blood on his hand and then back at her. Her eyes were locked on his hand. She took a step and froze. Owen suddenly felt like a cat stalking a mouse; while he was the mouse. Before he could drop his hand and bolt, Abby strode forward and grasped his wrist. She easily hauled him to his feet but held his wrist firmly. \"Thanks, you can let go now,\" he said. She closed her eyes and took a deep breath. When her eyes opened again the irises were white. He jumped in shock and tried to pull away. A low rumble came from her like a growl. Her lips curled back to reveal deadly sharp teeth. Owen yanked on his hand but couldn't get away. Abby's attention went back to the blood. \"What are you going to do to me?\" he exclaimed unnecessarily. She seemed to finally notice him as she pulled out of her trance. Her grip slackened and Owen fell to the floor. \"Run,\" she commanded in a guttural voice. He wasted no time stumbling to his feet and running out the door. He never stopped until he was safely in his apartment. An hour later Owen was clean, bandaged, and curled up on the couch. There was a knock at the door that made him jump. He didn't want to open it but he slowly stood to do so anyway. The door opened to Abby standing outside. She looked unsure and just as scared as him. 'Owen, I…I'm sorry. I can't help it. I didn't mean to-\" she stopped and looked around like she was lost. \"Isn't your dad going to worry about you?\" Owen shot at her. She flinched. \"He left,\" she replied quietly. \"Yeah, well you should too,\" he said. He couldn't believe he found the courage to say such things but he guessed it was because he felt safer in his home. \"I really wanted a friend. I thought I could find one in you. I wish this never happened. I never wanted you to see…\" she trailed off. He didn't respond so she left with a regretful sigh. He heard her door open and then close. His whole body relaxed from a tense knot he didn't know he was putting it in. He stood there for a few second and then pushed the door shut, afraid to get too close to outside. He went to sit on his bed. He sat wondering what was going on. He turned to look at the wall which separated them. Hesitantly he leaned forward and pressed his ear to the wall. It was silent on the other side. He sighed and flopped on his bed. He didn't feel like getting up but he needed to clean up his arm. He jumped in the shower, and then wrapped it up when he came out. He slept until his mother came home. \"What happened?\" she exclaimed when she saw his arm. \"I fell,\" he replied sheepishly. She gave him a look. \"It isn't bullies is it?\" she interrogated. \"I said I would tell you if that happened again. It wasn't bullies this time. I really fell,\" he said honestly. \"Oh Owen; you need to be careful,\" she said. He nodded. \"I know,\" he said. \"Here let me look at it,\" she said with her hand out. He let her clean and disinfect it. \"You're lucky it isn't that bad or you would need stitches,\" she told him. She wrapped it up in a clean bandage and sent him to bed. \"Go rest,\" she said. He went back to his room and lied down. He almost drifted off to sleep when a tap was heard on his window. He turned to see what it was and had to stop from fleeing. His heart suddenly kicked into high gear. Abby sat perched outside his window. She slid the window open but remained where she was. \"Owen, please invite me in,\" she said morosely. He shook his head. \"Then, can we still talk?\" she questioned. Owen faltered before replying. \"I don't want to talk,\" he said. \"I understand…but Owen?\" she began. \"Yeah?\" he replied hesitantly. \"I'm sorry,\" she said. He turned away from the window and curled up in bed. She wanted to explain everything to him but knew she couldn't so she left him to his thoughts. \"I'm never going to have a good night's sleep,\" he groaned out loud. The next day went by normally as always. It was the night that bothered Owen. He sat on his bed and waited for her to return. He knew she would and when she did, he would be ready to talk. As long as she was out there and he was in here he would be willing enough. She appeared and sat on the ledge of the window quietly. \"You can at least open the window,\" Owen said, knowing she could hear. She pushed it open but remained quiet. \"Did you want to talk?\" she asked softly after some minutes passed. \"Not really,\" he replied. \"Fair enough; I came to ask if we could at least talk. I didn't want to scare you but there's something you need to know,\" she said. \"What are you?\" he asked her. She looked around uncomfortably before locking eyes with him. \"I need blood to live. I have to, because when I don't, bad things happen,\" she said. \"Like before,\" he pointed out. She nodded. \"Thomas made me wait too long. I still didn't feel good after I went out,\" she explained quietly. \"Who's that?\" he asked. \"He was the man I came here with. He wasn't my father but he watched over me in the day and helped me at night. Like I said, he's gone,\" she responded, picking at her sleeve. \"Does that mean you have to-\" he began but he couldn't continue. The words were stuck in his throat. She only nodded. \"I don't want to but I have to,\" she repeated in a monotone. \"I'm going to bed,\" he said suddenly, unable to handle such thoughts. He didn't want to know what she was capable of. She gave him a strangely haunted look before crawling to the edge of the ledge and leaping to her window. He watched her go and then turned around. Maybe she wasn't so evil after all, just looking for someone to understand. His thoughts slowly took a turn during their many conversations and after a week with Abby visiting, Owen began to look forward to it. He made things easier by ignoring what he knew was just a hidden aspect of her. He didn't spend any time thinking about the other side of her and if it came up in his thoughts he quickly thought of something else. She didn't want to bring anything up either. \"Mom I'm going to sleep early. I'm tired,\" Owen said one night at the dinner table. She smiled and nodded her head. \"Go ahead Owen. Good night,\" she replied. \"Night,\" he said. \"Oh and Owen, I've seen how much happier you've been. Maybe she wasn't the only lonely one. Having a friend your age is healthy for you. I know it's hard to open up but it helps. I wanted you to talk to her because I know that you need it just as much as anyone who's new here,\" she explained. He had told his mother that he talked to Abby. Even though he thought it wasn't really a friendship, his mother thought differently. \"Thanks,\" he responded. He turned and went to his room. Once inside, he waited until Abby came to his window. She tapped on the glass as always. \"Hey,\" he said to her. She smiled. He had noticed that she smiled more often and made an effort to dress nice. She always remained barefoot though. Despite that, she wanted him to see her as a normal girl. They easily launched into conversation from there. \"Owen, I'm glad you decided to be my friend,\" she said sincerely. She tucked a lock of hair behind her ear and looked down. \"I know it's hard to open up but it helps,\" Owen said suddenly, quoting what his mother told him not too long ago. \"What?\" she asked. \"I'm glad we can open up to each other,\" he replied. She nodded. \"That's why…I think…\" he hesitated. She watched him curiously. He was still unsure but he wanted to trust her so he continued. \"You can come in,\" he said boldly. She looked surprised but relieved. \"Are you sure?\" she inquired. \"As long as you're sure,\" he responded honestly. \"I am,\" she said with a nod, understanding his meaning. He stepped back to give her room. She slid in and stood for the first time in his room and for the first time in Owen's life, he felt like he had someone he could rely on. He slowly stepped forward until he was standing right in front of her. Then, without warning, he pulled her into a hug. He hoped she didn't retaliate too harshly. She tensed momentarily before relaxing into his arms. She didn't hug back but he didn't care. She wasn't pulling away. \"Owen, do you like me?\" she wondered. He thought about it for a few seconds before answering. \"Yeah, a lot,\" he responded. She sighed and then pulled away. \"Is that bad?\" he asked, holding on to her hand. She looked at their connected hands and smiled. \"I should go,\" she said. He frowned but nodded. \"Ok, are you coming back tomorrow night?\" he asked hopefully. \"Don't I always?\" she answered with another question. He nodded. Abby leaned in and kissed his cheek before pulling out of his grasp gently and climbing out the window. \"Good night Owen,\" she said. She looked back once to see him grinning. She smiled and leapt out of sight. \"Good night Abby,\" Owen whispered happily. That night he slept the best since he met her. Going back to school was something Owen did not want to do. Some kids started giving him a hard time when they saw he was happy. To top it off, they shared the same physical education classes as him. \"They were perfectly happy to see me miserable so they left me alone. Now that I feel better they bully me. I don't know what to do,\" Owen told Abby one night. It was the first time in a while since he sat outside with her. \"You need to fight back,\" she advised him. \"But there are three of them,\" he replied. \"Then fight harder,\" she countered. \"And if that doesn't work?\" he asked. \"Then I'll help you. I haven't forgotten what I did to you when you tried to befriend me,\" she said, slowly sinking into guilt. Her hand reached out to softly run a finger down his arm. He couldn't feel her skin on his own because of his thick jacket but he found that he wanted to. He shivered as the thought occurred to him. \"Are you cold? Do you want to go in?\" she questioned. He nodded and took her hand in his, feeling how cold it was through his glove. She jumped from the bars and took him with her. He stumbled forward after landing and fell into the snow. Abby was pulled with him. She remained there in surprise while Owen laughed. \"Sorry,\" he said in between chuckles. Abby smiled and began making a snow angel. She hopped to her feet and looked down at him. \"Lying in the snow isn't going to warm you up,\" she pointed out. He reached out and she pulled him up. He stumbled again and ended up closer to her than he had ever been. Not since she kissed him. The thought made him blush but he leaned in to kiss her cheek just as she did before. She smiled nervously and looked away. \"Let's go,\" she said. She began walking in the direction of their apartments. Owen looked down at the prints they made in the snow. His was a messy outline of himself and hers was an angel of pure white. He placed his feet in her footprints as he followed her. It was a little difficult to match her sure and particular steps but he did. They parted at the door but met in his room. The nights when his mom worked late were the best because he could stay up talking to Abby. \"How long can you stay?\" Owen asked Abby, hoping she would understand. She did. She shifted on his bed and then lied on her back when that didn't work. She answered eventually. \"I'm trying to be careful but I don't know how long that will last. I guess it's only a matter of time,\" she said calmly. He watched her as she talked. He grew quiet even after she was done. He reached out nervously and touched her arm. She turned her head to look at him. He froze but she smiled. She held his hand softly and raised it to her cheek. He let his fingers touch her gently and she closed her eyes. She left her hand on his. They remained in quiet content until Abby froze. Her tense body alerted Owen who opened his eyes to glance at her. \"What's wrong?\" he asked. She shushed him and rolled off the bed to listen at his closed door. \"Someone's here,\" she informed him. \"Probably my mom,\" he replied easily. She shook her head. \"No, I would know it was her. This isn't her,\" she replied. Owen sat up anxiously. He slid off the bed and moved to the window. \"We could get out this way,\" he suggested. She nodded and left the door to walk over to him. She seemed to be on the verge of fleeing without him. Owen swore she looked like a spooked animal ready to run. Owen threw open the window and turned back to Abby but at that moment she crouched as the door opened. \"My bad, I thought the house was empty. You're parents ain't home are they?\" a man said as he entered with a smirk. \"Get out,\" Abby commanded, subtly nudging Owen closer to the window. The man laughed. \"I won't be told what to do by a squirt like you. Now be a good girl and go get me all the jewelry in the house,\" he retorted. She stood statue still and stared the burglar down. He frowned and stomped forward. Abby, sensing danger charged forward and knocked him clean out of the room. Owen looked on in astonishment, only for it to turn into guilt. The man would die and Owen didn't want to do anything about it. \"You pint sized pest,\" the burglar curse. He grabbed Abby by her arm and tossed her aside. She landed gracefully and slammed into him again. Owen could tell she was trying not to let herself go but she was losing the battle. The burglar grunted as he threw her a second time. \"I'll show you to mess with me,\" he sneered. He whipped out a pistol and knocked Abby away. She collapsed but stood again in seconds. A quick glance at her face showed that blood ran down from her temple. The burglar aimed his gun at her. She didn't even move this time. \"Gonna listen now aren't you?\" he said superiorly. Abby lowered her head and the frightening growl he hadn't heard in a while reverberated out from between her clenched teeth. Teeth that soon turned sharp. Her eyes almost glowed with an eerie white color and her skin looked sickly greyish. Her hands flexed and Owen looked at them to see that her nails were pointy like claws. The burglar watched in horror at what she had become. She snarled and pounced at him but he managed to throw her off. He raised his gun and fired, right into Abby's stomach. She stumbled but continued forward. The next shot grazed her arm and the next buried straight into her chest. None seemed to slow her down. It only added to her rage. The man was glued to the spot in sheer terror now. Abby roared angrily and went in for the kill. She easily wrestled him to the floor and sunk her teeth into his throat. His screams where cut off in a choking gurgle then he fell silent. The only other sound was her feeding. Owen remained stuck to the same spot until she finished. She stayed where she was to regain her clarity of mind. Only then did she snap the man's neck and then returned to Owen. She stood silently in front of him with down cast eyes. \"I should go,\" she whispered. He didn't reply. \"I did it because I didn't want you hurt but I know it doesn't make it right,\" she continued. Owen stared blankly. She turned to collect the body. \"Abby,\" Owen called. \"Yeah?\" she answered. He walked forward and kissed her softly. \"I'll be waiting,\" he told her. She nodded and left. She returned ten minutes later and together they started cleaning. After, Owen offered Abby a shower and while she took one he found an old dress of his mother's. He put her clothes in a bag to be taken out. He handed the dress to her and she got dressed in another room. When she came back out, Owen smiled. She returned it unevenly. They went back to Owen's room. \"I need to get some sleep. It's getting late. Can you…well you don't have to but…\" he stuttered. \"What's wrong?\" she asked. He shook his head and started again. \"Can you stay with me tonight?\" he asked hopefully. She nodded and joined him in bed. Owen faced her and held her hand in his. Abby watched as Owen slowly fell under and into his dreams. When morning was only a short time away Abby left. Owen woke up and only briefly searched blindly for Abby. Once his mind cleared, he realized that she had gone home. He sighed and got up to start the day. At school the bullies were relentless. They seemed worse than any other day. Once he was out of school, Owen went straight home to persuade his mother to let him go to the local hang out. He knew it would take his mind off the bullies while he waited for Abby to visit. \"I want your homework done and dinner eaten before you can go. Those candies will definitely spoil your appetite if you go before dinner,\" she reasoned, knowing he couldn't resist buying them once he was there. Owen agreed, accepting any terms as long as he could go. After doing what his mother agreed on, he left to make his way to the hang out. He immediately bought Now and Laters and ate them while playing different games. He found himself playing Pac Man over and over again in hopes of finally getting a high score but it was hopeless. He left with a slightly better score than before. When he stepped outside, he noticed it was getting dark. \"Abby might be wondering where I am,\" he said to himself. He hurried to make it back quicker. He was looking down, so he didn't see the bullies coming up from behind him until he was pulled aside and dragged into a dark, deserted, area behind a store and away from any prying eyes. Owen struggled but couldn't scream because a hand was held tightly over his mouth. \"So, who's this Abby; your girlfriend? I highly doubt that,\" the leader scoffed. The other two boys laughed. Owen pushed away from the boy who held him and fell to the asphalt. \"She probably isn't even a friend; just some made up girl he wishes he has,\" another boy joined in. They laughed while Owen cringed. He jumped to his feet suddenly and tried to escape but the leader grabbed him and shoved him back down. He crouched in front of him with a scowl and all traces of laughter gone. The other boys were now intently watching him. \"Whoever she is, I'll be sure to tell her to send you a get well card in the hospital for you,\" he sneered. That was when the first strike came. He was knocked to the ground and almost lost consciousness but the leader picked him up to hit him again. It was only a matter of time before the other boys joined in. They stopped attacking when the leader flicked out a pocket knife. He crouched again next to Owen who lied flat on his back panting heavily. The leader waved the knife in front of his face until Owen realized what it was and shock registered in his eyes. \"Just a nick; it won't hurt too much,\" he said seriously. He placed the blade on Owen's cheek. \"No, please,\" Owen whimpered as the knife cut into his skin and began to make a shallow line across his cheek. It didn't get halfway across before a boy suddenly jumped in surprise as the other boy was launched off his feet and thrown head first into a wall. He crumpled to the ground motionless. \"What the-\" the leader began while the other boy fell to the ground with a twisted neck. Both had no time to make a sound before they dropped dead. The leader jumped to his feet and spun around. Abby stood in front of him in vampire form and angry. She bared her teeth and a growl issued forth through jagged teeth. She pounced on him and he futilely swiped at her with the small knife. She knocked it from his hand easily. He was no match for her strength or her bite. Both silenced him mid scream while her hands made sure he wouldn't come back. She breathed in heavily until they turned steady. Owen remained where he was. She turned to him and approached slowly. He looked up at her when she stood over him. Her normal features strangely welcomed him into her arms. He got to his feet and hugged her gratefully. This time she reacted and held him too. \"Let's go home,\" she whispered in his ear. He nodded and released her but kept her hand in his. They returned to the complex with a story for his mother. She freaked when she saw him battered and bruised. Owen told his mother some boys roughed him up on his way back home but some man stepped in to save him. He said the man ran off without giving him a good look at his face but he was glad he was saved; even if it was a stranger. His mom made a frantic call to the police after sending him to the shower and bed after. He entered his room to see Abby anxiously waiting for him at the window. He let her in and she sat quietly on the end of his bed. \"Whatever ends up happening, I don't want to leave you Owen, but if that's what you want I will. I just wanted you to know,\" she told him calmly and in a subdued manner. He walked over to sit next to her. His hand reached out to find hers and hold it in his. \"I don't want you to leave,\" he replied sincerely. She leaned against him and slowly wrapped him in her arms. She laid her head on his shoulder while he returned her embrace and rested his chin on her head. After some time passed in silence, Owen began to grow tired. He lied down and Abby curled up next to him. With her close he felt safe enough to finally let himself fall into sleep. She watched him fall asleep and then reached out to touch his cheek gently. \"I'll always be there for you Owen just as I know you will always be there for me,\" she whispered to him. He sighed and she closed her eyes to wait out the minutes before the sun would come up and she would have to go. But in this moment, after many years, she was finally content. Staying up late does not help the brain to think so I have yet to come up with a genre this would belong to. Can you do a small favor and let me know what this would be under? It would sure help my over thinking thought process. Thanks if you do. ","Summary":" Trying to get the last Let Me In obsession out of my system. This came about from the song Your Sur"},{"Movie":"Let Me In, 2010","Title":"Let me In:Aftermath 2","Author":"jesseenriquez15","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12146704","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Abby's Return Owen was being dragged across the floor and thrown into the pool by Kenny's older brother and three other bullies. Owen came back up gasping for air when he came back to the surface As he came up Kenny's big brother told Owen if he could hold his breath for three minutes the he would just give him a little cut on his neck, but if he failed to hold his breath for three minutes then they would kill him. Owen was told to take a deep breath before he went under water, Kenny's brother was holding Owen down under water with his hand on Owens head. They looked at the clock and saw they were already coming up on one minute, then Kenny told his brother \"ok that is enough\", and then was told to shut up, as Owen was being held under water there was lots of thoughts running through his head, like how he was once again alone now that Abby had left him and how he had lost the best thing that ever happened to him. Then the thought of him wanting to die because he had nothing to live for anymore and his parents were having issues of their own and the fact that Owens mother was hardly ever around and was always drunk and never paid any attention to him when she was around. Just then from out of nowhere there was a loud crash and glass shattered all over the floor. Kenny and his two friends turned to see what the commotion was and they saw a small figure with yellow eyes and sharp teeth coming towards them, they tried to escape but were to scared to move and as she approached one of the boys who was shaking uncontrollably, she put both of her hands on his head and she pulled up with force and dismembered his head from his body. There was blood squirting out everywhere on the floor as his body fell into the pool. Then she approached the other boy and she ripped his heart out with ease as he too fell in the water. Then there were only two left she went after Kenny and she tore kin in half as his blood and guts went flying everywhere, she then walked Kenny's older brother who was holding Owen down under water, he was so scare that the could not move his body and Abby had decided to take off his head and throw it in the water. Owen came back up and he was coughing as he crawled out of the pool. Owen saw bloody feet standing in front of him, he looked up to see that it was Abby and he gave her a little smile and she helped him up and hugged him tight. Afterwords they pulled apart from one another. Owen looked into abby's eyes and said \" you came back for me why? Then abby replied because i made a promise to you that i would help you if your situation got worse\". Then abby heard the sound of police sirens and told owen that they have to leave now and owen just nodded his head. Owen then asked if he had time to go to his locker the change and abby shook her head and qickly told owen to get on her back and hold on tightly. Owen did as he was told and they got out of the school and back to owens appartment. once they were in owens room, Abby gave Owen some privacy so that way he could go and take a quick shower and freshen up. Owen noticed that his mother was knocked out on the couch and quietly went into the bathroom to take his shower. When owen returned he saw abby was sitting on his bed in a daze, then owen asked abby what she was going to do now and she said, \"Owen i cant stay here i have to leave this place before anything else happens, I cant risk putting your life in anymore danger, Owen had a look of sadness in his eyes and abby noticed that he was starting to cry, Abby then hugged him and he stopped crying, abby looked into owens dark blue eyes and could help but simile. Owen looked at abby and said\" I want to come with you\". Abby had a look of shock on her face and could not believe that owen wanted to come with her after everything that has happend. Abby asked owen why he was willing to give up everything he had and give up his future of living a normal life just to run away with her? Owen told abby the reason that i am willing to give up everything including my future \"is because i love you abby, and whenever I am with you i feel happy and safe and I have never felt like that towards anyone before\" and plus there is nothing here for me because no one payed any attention towards me and i was always alone with nobody to talk to and have a conversation with\". That all changed when i first met you abby because I was not alone anymore and whenever we were together i forgot about all of my problems that i was having with my parents getting divorced and being bullied at school. After hearing what owen had to say abby hugged owen tight and said that she loves him too, she told owen if he was going to come with her that he would have to hurry and pack only what he needed and nothing more. So owen found a suitcase in his closet and started to pack cloths into it, he also packed his toothbrush and toothpaste. Abby asked if he had everything that he needed before they left and owen said yes he did, Then they left owens appartment and abby called a cab, abby gave owen a train ticket to Denver and asked why she didnt have a ticket. Abby said that by the time the train leaves the station it will be close to sun rise and she needs to be in her suitcase before sunrise so that way she can be safe and rest while on the train. A/N: hey guys let me know what you thought in the comments section this is my first time writing. If you guys would like me to continue I will depending on the feedback that I get. Thanks for reading[Chapter 2] AUTHORS NOTE: I HOPE TO POST THE NEXT CHAPTER VERY SOON LIFE HAS BEEN SO CRAZY FOR ME AND I HAVE BEEN CAUGHT UP WITH MY COLLEGE CLASSES AND ALL OF THE OTHER THINGS IN MY LIFE THAT I HAVEN'T BEEN ABLE TO CONTINUE MY STORY BUT I DO HOPE TO FINISH IT ALTHOUGH I DO NOT KNOW WHEN I WILL FINISH IT. I HOPE THAT ALL OF MY READERS WOULD BE FAITHFUL AND KEEP ON FOLLOWING ME. PLEASE GIVE ME YOUR COMMENTS AND REVIEWS! Thank you! ","Summary":" Abby's Return Owen was being dragged across the floor and thrown into the pool by Kenny's older bro"},{"Movie":"Let Me In, 2010","Title":"Let Me In  Ice Skating Rink remade","Author":"101stars","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7534104","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The icy air whipped around the students as they made their way to the frozen lake. Mr Zorric, the sports teacher, was in front, leading the kids towards the pond that was used for ice hockey in the Winter. Kenny and the rest of his friends were walking behind the rest of the group. As they laughed at the girls in front who were wearing ugly pink parkas, Kenny noticed Owen ambling in front. A sneer grew on Kenny's face, as he nudged the other guys to draw their attention to the idiot in front of them. As Owen stumbled along wearing that gross coat of his, kenny made his approach. He slung an arm across Owen's neck, and put his face next to Owen's. He felt the boy tense up, as if he was expecting a punch in the gut. Kenny felt tempted to give him one. \"Hey little girl,\" said Kenny. \"You know the ice? There's a whole lot of fucking freezing water down there. And you're going in it.\" With that, he pushed Owen away and walked off with the others. Owen's mind went cloudy. He didn't want to get beat up again . kenny had not just last week ambushed him in the locker room after swim practise, after he had laughed when Kenny got ten laps for pulling down Angela Stevenson's swimming costume strap. Kenny had given him the most painful wedgie in history, then Owen pissed himself. But going in the ice? Through the ice? He could get killed! He could drown and nobody would care… \"Hey Owen!\" Mr Zorric called. \"Get your ass down here pronto! We gotta start practise!\" he yelled. \"Coming.\" shouted Owen. At the ice, Owen stood frozen at the corner near the tree line. He watched as Kenny and the other bullies skate around, pushing the weedier kids like him to the frosty ground. He could almost see the ice creaking and shattering before him, and imagine plunging into the dark, sub-zero water, watching his breath escape to the surface while the ice formed again over his head… \"Yo Owen! Heads up!\" Owen briefly saw the snowball before it hit him square in the head. Kenny laughed out loud when Owen wiped the snow off his face. \"So you ready?\" said Kenny, a smirk on his face. \"For what?\" asked Owen, dreading the answer. Kenny snorted, looked at his friends and then back at Owen, who by this time was scared out of his wits at what tortue was going to pursue his answer. \"To go in the water you prick.\" Owen gulped. \"You see that little bit of ice over there? The one that's got the poles around it?\" Owen nodded. He had already planned out the attack: his face hitting the water like a slap, nobody hearing his cries as he drowned in the bitterly cold water. Then, in a short-lived second, Kenny's friends had Owen's arms locked to his side. Terrified, Owen panicked, thinking the same thoughts as not long before. But then, he remembered what Abby had said. \"You need to hit back, Owen. You need to hit back hard.\" And that's just what he did. Struggling free, he kicked Bradley, one of the bullies, in the balls, and he sunk to the ground in agony. Surprise flickered across Kenny's face, then it was replaced by anger. He lunged at Owen, but… A scream was hurled across the lake. All the kids looked up from their pucks and sticks to see Kenny sprawled on the ice clutching his ear. \"He speared me! The little bastard fucking speared me in the ear!\" Kenny howled. Owen stood back, numb with the quick emotion. He had never, ever hit Kenny before. But here he was, standing a few feet from the kid who he had just stabbed in the ear with a pole nearby. The pole had been holding up tape that cornered off the patch of thin ice Kenny was going to… to push him in. And he had stabbed his bully with it. Mr Zorric was holding Kenny's head. The other children crowded around the ice that was now stained with dark blood. Kenny's ear was split, the flesh flapping. Kenny's anguish-filled screams echoed around the clearing. \"Okay, everyone back to the school! Somebody get the nurse, and make it quick!\" Then he turned to Bradley and the other guy, who's name was Thomas or something. \" And you, go on.\"[Chapter 2] The next day, Owen made it to the school without any hassle, which was an unusual first for him. As he neared the Math block, he saw Kenny and the other bullies standing by the double doors. Owen ducked behind the low wall, and watched them talk. Kenny was wearing a large white bandage on his ear from yesterday, after the pole incident. Suddenly, a large guy walked up to Kenny, and it appeared to be his older brother, who was two years above in school. \"Hey little girl,\" he mocked. \"How's the cripple?\" He let out a huge guffaw which made Kenny turn red. \"Fuck off, Jimmy.\" Kenny said, shoving him away. Jimmy's mouth made an 'o' of mock horror. \"Whats that you say? Fuck off ? Such language on such a little girl !\" Jimmy laughed again, then punched Kenny in the arm. He walked off, leaving Kenny with the other guys. \"Shut up.\" Kenny mumbled. Bradley said, \"We didn't say anythin-\" Kenny shot him a death glare. \"I said shut up!\" he hissed. Bradley and the other boy shrugged at each other, then they all walked off towards the gym court. Owen sniggered silently. He enjoyed seeing his tormentor get hurt by his own brother. Abruptly, he realised something. Little girl ? That must be why Kenny called him that. He knew now why Kenny was such an ass to him. Jimmy looked like a complete douchebag, but that didn't make Owen feel sorry for him, at all. Kenny was a bully. He was always going to be one. ","Summary":" The icy air whipped around the students as they made their way to the frozen lake. Mr Zorric, the s"},{"Movie":"Let Me In, 2010","Title":"May I come in","Author":"CapLaPorte","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8674483","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I put one foot, then the other out of the cab. Behind me, my guardian of many years grunted discontentedly as his aching joints dragged our large trunk, carrying all of my few belongings, out of the trunk. I walked forward a few steps and looked around, this wasn't a luxurious building, but all the better to remain discreet in. However I still felt a pair of eyes looking on me from one of the apartments a short distance behind me. I didn't bother looking, not surprising that there would be a few curious eyes in this neighborhood. Thomas finally caught up to me with my trunk, I nodded to him and we continued towards the compounds entrance. Once inside we were pointed towards our rooms by the landlady, who clearly found us two to be an odd couple, arriving late at night as we were. I didn't care, she would soon forget about us anyways. Thomas thanked her in his deep, quiet voice and we continued. As he was opening our door I realized that our neighbor was the apartment from whom I had felt eyes on me outside. Interesting, I thought, I'll have to keep an eye on these ones. Thomas began the usual set up, first putting several layers of cardboard and black plastic trash bags over the windows throughout the apartment, then taking the most secluded room, in this case the bathroom, and creating a sort of \"Bed\" for me, for when the sun was out. For the rest of the night I sat, leaning against the wall while Thomas sat opposite and stared at me. I didn't mind, it was actually sort of amusing, looking at him, if I allowed my eyes to unfocus just enough, then I could almost see his face as it once was, when he was much younger. Soon enough though, I could feel the sleep coming, I gave the old man a quick smile, to keep him happy, and walked off to the bathroom, where I covered myself in the sheets and blankets he had prepared for me. Then, I slept.[Chapter 2] I woke again after the sun had set, as I usually did. Now I began to feel the claws of hunger, I looked for the old man, and didn't see him immediately but in a few seconds heard him rummaging around in the kitchen. It was getting near time for him to go out for me. As usual he had to do what he had once called his \"rituals\" before going out and getting blood, it was an unspoken rule that I wasn't to be with him when he did this, but I have a feeling it essentially consisted of him crying and begging for forgiveness. I began to walk outside with not so much as a glance in his direction, in about half an hour I would come back in, and he would go out, maybe have a smoke first. Then he would kill. Even before I had left the entrance I knew that there was someone else out there, someone young, judging by the smell. He was standing in front of a tree with numerous scratches on it, holding a puny pocketknife up to it as if it were a real person. Slightly amused, yet curious too, I moved silently towards him, my soft feet making not a sound, nor an imprint on the snow. As I climbed the metal play structure in the centre of the yard he must have felt me watching him, and he turned around. Once he turned around, and I saw those dull green eyes, I knew that they were the ones that had watched me the night before. \"What are you doing?\" I asked, genuinely curious at what ill will he felt for the tree. \"Nothing\" he replied nervously, shifting his eyes \"Wha-What are you doing?\" he parroted me, though with a stutter. Now feeling oddly self conscious I simply replied \"Nothing\". For a second he looked like he was going to turn away, and leave me be, but alas, my hopes were crushed. \"So you guys just moved in huh? Upstairs?\" I looked at him for a few seconds, then realized that he thought that I hadn't noticed him the night before, feeling that I might as well humour the kid I asked \"How do you know?\" \"I live next door, right there\" he responded. Despite my slightly disparaging attitude towards him, I still felt strange talking to him, I didn't like feeling strange. \"Just so you know, I can't be your friend\" time to end this now, I reasoned, Thomas wouldn't like me talking to him, and I did still need Tom after all. He looked slightly surprised, and said \"Why not?\" strangely enough, I felt slightly disappointed, now feeling even stranger than I did before I continued in the same tone of voice, betraying nothing. \"That's just the way it is\" I said. I kept staring at him, waiting for him to leave. He just stood there, was he too stupid to understand what I said? A few more seconds. Finally, defeated by this stupid young boy, I turned and began walking away. Behind me I heard a plaintive \"Well who said I wanted to be your friend?\", and I nearly considered saving Thomas the trouble and ending the boy right there, but no, that would be unwise. I waited outside our door for about twenty minutes, and came back on the dot of the thirtieth. I came in to find him ready, merely waiting for me to get back. I looked him in the eyes, and merely whispered \"Thank you.\" He nodded, and was off. While certainly his feelings about what had to be done were slightly childish, I still sympathized with him, to a degree, at least. It took a while, but he finally came back. The moment he opened the door I knew he had failed, at it seemed that the invisible hands squeezing my stomach had gripped it all the tighter. I knew I didn't sound good, I knew I didn't look good, and I sure as hell didn't feel good. It would all have been alleviated if he had just gotten the damn blood. Going without blood, it…it changes me you see, I become stronger, faster, and more animal than human, and while humans can be foolish and stupid, animals are worse. \"What am I supposed to do?\" I yelled, my voice coarser than one of those grizzled old boat captains. \"Am I supposed to go out there and get it myself?\" I was angry, but not so much to know that there could be unfriendly ears listening. \"Well? Well? Answer me!\" If this idiot had just gotten the blood, only one person would have had to die tonight, but what would the police think of two bodies, both drained of blood? He looked at me, all the sadness of a man who was forced into the service of a monster by his own weakness in his eyes. I didn't pity him. He slowly shook his head \"Maybe I'm getting sloppy\" he said \"Maybe I want to get caught\" he paused \"Or maybe I'm just getting tired.\" That was the last straw, my stomach felt like it was being torn to pieces, I would have killed him right there had I not restrained myself and stomped out the door, slamming it on my way out. That night I waited under an underpass. And waited, and waited. Where the hell was everybody? Didn't people jog anymore? But it was beginning to get early, the night air had soothed the pain enough that I might have been able to last until tomorrow night, but no more, I would have to take matters into my own hands. I stomped back into the apartment, walked to the bathroom without even looking at him, and slept. ","Summary":" I put one foot, then the other out of the cab. Behind me, my guardian of many years grunted discont"},{"Movie":"Let Me In, 2010","Title":"coalesce, a LetMeIn2 fan fiction","Author":"gkmoberg1","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9316229","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ch.1. diabetes mellitus \"I don't know where we are,\" he said. \"We need better maps. Close-in maps showing just this area. We need to find the nearest trails.\" \"This is a good hiding place,\" Abby replied. \"The road south of here, that used to be the Unicoi Turnpike. It doesn't look like it's important now. And these mountains used to have Indians in them. Not anymore.\" [ Kyle, Lee. 'Chapter 8: Cherokee.' Let Me In 2 . FanFiction Net (2011) ] ~oOo~ ~oOo~ January ~oOo~ ~oOo~ The crack of a branch off in the woods caught her attention. She sat up and listened. Silence. Beside her a familiar shape remained still, and she knew from the steady low breathing that he was fast asleep. She brushed down a bit of his hair poking up the wrong way. Then quiet as a ghost, she crawled headfirst from her sleeping bag and then from their tent. Cold winter night air stung at her face. Fortunately there was no snow. The southern end of the Appalachians seldom had snow of any significance, yet the nighttime temperatures were below freezing and the ground was frozen. She doubted anyone was out there. The trees and undergrowth along with the steep terrain made it difficult for anyone to get around. Come summer they would have company, fellow campers in Georgia's Chattahoochee National Forest, but such was not the case for late January. Their campsite might even be the only active one in the forest. Lu loved the outdoors. The feel of moving fresh air, yes especially biting cold mountain air, brought her to life. It could only be matched by the air she found while out on her beloved laser, working her way through the brackish waters of the Chesapeake. This was good living, she thought, being outside, away from the world of air conditioned cars and office buildings. This felt good and this is where she wanted to be. Hearing another faint crack she decided to sit by the remains of their campfire and see what happened next. It was still dark but she knew dawn as not far off. Soon light would creep from the east, gray at first and then develop into a pale blue. It would be hard to see any of the coming dawn through the forest canopy but she had experienced it so many times she could relive it with her eyes closed. Remembering her new toy, she reached into the pouch she kept on her waist and got out her trial Self Monitoring Blood Glucose kit. Her husband's research team had been working on this for about a year. Although it was still early in the development cycle and would be some years – perhaps 1986 - before it could be marketed, he was insistent that this was the future. She knew she was the drive for this. He would do anything for her – it was just one of the reasons she loved him so much. A prick of her finger brought forth a few drops of blood. Its metallic bouquet immediately sliced through the cold air, and she wrinkled her nose in reaction. Carefully she re-angled the flashlight cradled in her lap. But her concentration was broken upon realizing something else in the air about her had changed. Had, Lu wondered, she been hearing a slight rustling sound nearby? Had it stopped at the same moment the smell from the drop of blood reached her nose? The quiet of the woods now seemed unnatural. But shining the flashlight in a long arc around the campsite showed nothing. Returning to her task, she performed the testing steps and found her glucose level was off but yet was good enough for now. She put the reagent strip down beside her and with a leaf wiped the blood droplets from her fingers. She yawned and stirred the dull embers of their fire pit one last time. Again a faint crack of a branch off in the woods. This time it seemed far off. Feeling a need to climb back into their tent and get some more rest before the day began, she glanced over at her daughter's tent as she put down the stick she was using. The flaps of her daughter's tent were closed tight and all was buttoned down. Glad to know Kay was asleep, she got up and crawled back to her spot. Quiet as a ghost. As Lu crawled back into her sleeping bag, he stirred a little. She put out a hand to him, resting it squarely yet gently on his back. \"What's happening?\" \"Nothing,\" she replied, \"go back to sleep.\" \"You too. What are you up for?\" \"Thought I heard something.\" And she kissed him on the back of one shoulder. \"Mmmm, I could just eat you up,\" she said, as she always did. With that she drifted off to sleep. No dreams, just sleep. Her last thought was a pondering whether that could be a slight touch of footsteps outside her tent – faintly padding about where she had been sitting by the fire pit. ~oOo~ \"Mom?\" The girl's voice brought her back from sleep. Darkness still enveloped her sight and it took Lu a moment to remember she was out in the woods, camping with her family. \"What's up sweetie?\" A pause. \"Can I come in?\" \"Sure thing,\" she said, wanting only to return to sleep. \"Come on in, honey.\" She sensed a slight movement as the tent about her swayed in reaction to the door flap being opened. Then Lu felt her climbing in, feeling with her hands as she went, pulling a sleeping bag with her and settling finally down beside her. # # # [2013-June-06]: Minor grammatical corrections. [2013-July-17]: Minor rephrasing.[Chapter 2] ch.2. the wee-vee \"Where would we live?\" Owen asked. \"In Chevy Chase. That's a suburb of Washington, D.C. It's close to the hospital where I'll be getting Abby's blood.\" [ Kyle, Lee. 'Chapter 9: Secret Society.' Let Me In 2 . FanFiction Net (2011) ] ~oOo~ ~oOo~ ~oOo~ ~oOo~ ~oOo~ With morning sunshine flooding the tent, Lu woke up between her husband and daughter. This was worth a picture. The heart of all she clove to, settled on either side of her. On one side, her husband for whom she had literally fought for and who now was fighting for her. And on the other, well, their dear creation. She could not ask for more, ever. \"I have to hold onto this moment,\" she whispered quietly. She meant it for herself but upon speaking she felt a twitch behind her. \"Why, mom?\" \"Because why would I ever want to forget? You, me, daddy. We're all here, snug-a-bugs.\" \"It's cold.\" \"Come here,\" she said and rolled her seventh-grader tight up against her. ~oOo~ ~oOo~ ~oOo~ \"That stuff smells gross!\" announced Kay. Her parents had boiled up some coffee over the fire while she stuck with water from her thermos. \"Someday you'll be all for it,\" replied Lu. Kay made a face and sat down on her rolled up sleeping bag. She watched as her dad took down and folded away their two tents. Kay really liked having her own tent. Santa – well, she knew who that meant - had given it to her at Christmas, and she had figured she'd be using it this summer when they went camping. That they'd be camping within a month's time into the new year was something she hadn't expected. \"Are we leaving soon?\" \"Well, yes, soon. I thought you liked camping.\" \"It's January , mom, what do you think.\" Lu scrunched up her face, echoing Kay's prior grimace back at her daughter. \"Camping in January,\" she said, \"I think that'd be a good book title.\" Kay shook her head in mock disapproval and helped smother out their camp fire. As the three worked at stowing away the final bits of their gear, Kay thought it through. Their home's second floor hallway was loaded with pictures of her parents kayaking on the St. Lawrence Seaway. The living room held pictures of their trek through Maine's rugged section of the Appalachian Trail. Over the fireplace hung a large shot of a much younger mom and dad cross-country skiing in Wisconsin. Kay had to smile. Plus, back at their real house – not this rental one they were staying at in Atlanta – they had a shed full of kayaks, lasers and sabots as well as their bicycles. Given the weight of all that, \"Camping in January,\" as strange as that sounded actually made sense. Perhaps her parents even thought weekend camping in Georgia, January or not, might be, well, boring. ~oOo~ ~oOo~ ~oOo~ They sang along to REO Speedwagon during their way south on Georgia State Road 400. The Sunday morning traffic was very light. The cassette deck of their Dodge Aries sometimes ate the tapes but today it was behaving. Lu and Kay took turns playing air guitar while the other sang into an invisible microphone. Daddy's attempt at harmonizing with \"Take it on the Run\" brought jeers and giggles from Kay. Lu rolled down her window, claiming she was going to become ill. Quiet Georgia countryside glided by for several hours before they reached the outskirts of Atlanta. Then after making their way in towards the city, Kay's daddy was finally able to announce \"Here we are!\" as they turned onto their street in Buckhead Village. Kay and Lu burst from the Aries as soon as it was parked. Kay was the first through the front door; she needed to tell Silvester Cat all about the adventure. Silvester Cat, however, seemed more concerned about being returned to the sofa where he had been sleeping. Eventually he got his wish but not before Kay had explained to him how her new tent worked. The mail was brought in from the letter box. Camping gear was carried in from the car and dumped, for the moment, in the small house's front room. The weekend's dirty clothes were collected and carried off to the wash room. Erica White, the neighbor who had been watching their place since that Friday afternoon. ran across the street to say Silvester Cat was a doll and that she'd watch after him any time they wanted. Kay was questioned about how much homework she had to complete before tomorrow morning. A friendly debate began over what to do for dinner. Could something be thawed out in time or should they treat themselves at their favorite restaurant? The answering machine had been blinking steadily at them from its home on one of the end tables. Kay activated it, expecting it to something from Jenn. Jenn lived across the street and the two spent as much time as possible together. \" This is Dr. William Braddish calling from Walter Reed Hospital in Bethesda. Lucy, your father was brought in last night after taking a fall. He's resting now and doing well. We plan to keep him here at least one more night and want to catch you up on where things are at and how he's doing. Please give me call when when you get this. My office can be reached at(301)295-4000, extension 20-4149. \" Lu was in a panic before Dr. Braddish was even halfway done. She raced through the supplies, freshly brought in from the car. Her hands were full by the time the message ended. \"Kay, you take care of daddy for me!\" With kisses and a hug for each, she was out the door, into her Jeep and down the street. Kay, startled and a little bleary, looked at her dad, who was equally shocked. \"Mom didn't write down the phone number!\" \"I don't think that matters. She'll know the way.\" Kay just stood there and he thought she was going to cry. \"Does this mean I get to have brownies for dinner?\" he asked. It worked: he got a hug and she wanted one in return. ~oOo~ ~oOo~ ~oOo~ \"Dad?\" Eight hours of travel, including a Delta flight to Washington National and then a rental car, had brought her to Bethesda Military Hospital. She had arrived at the end of visiting hours and was surprised at being allowed in. He looked like he'd been in a bar fight. Two visible bruises, one on his cheek and one across the bridge of his nose, looked ugly and painful. \"Hey, there's my girl!\" he got out, but without the usual gusto. \"Oh Dad, what did you do to yourself?\" \"Took on the front steps and the railing. You should see how they look.\" The floor nurse who had brought her to his room chuckled. \"I'll give you two a moment. But we need to scoot you out of here soon,\" she said to Lu, \"so keep it short for this evening.\" \"Thank you,\" Lu said as the nurse wandered off. She then turned her focus to her dad. Henry had been settled into a good sized room that held four hospital beds. Three were occupied. The other occupants, two elderly men, were asleep. Thin, worn, off-white curtains hung from ceiling rail tracks between the beds. Her dad, Henry, lay covered by a blanket. The head end of his bed was raised, allowing him to see the room and the wide doorway to the hall. He was attached to an IV pole and the back of his left hand was taped up where the needle was inserted into his skin. On his head he wore his favorite baseball cap, the one with \"BB-48\" stitched in bold white lettering across the center. She had never thought of her dad as fragile. That was changing. He had been strong in his youth, a Navy man who had seen war and come through it well. Today her father looked much less than that former self. This was more than the battering he had taken by falling down his front door stairs. A frailness that must have long been creeping in was taking hold. \"If I know you, you got here about as fast as you could.\" \"Sure did, Dad. Sorry that it took me this long.\" \"Ohhh, I knew this'd be a good way to get your attention,\" he kidded. \"I'll bet you have rental car out in the parking lot.\" She nodded in agreement. \"And you haven't arranged for a place to stay yet.\" \"Yeh,\" she admitted. \"Always the daughter I raised,\" he said, \"rushing into things before you've made plans.\" \"Yes, that's me.\" \"And I must say,\" he observed, \"succeeding as usual.\" \"And you,\" she said back, \"not watching where you're walking. What are we going to do with you?\" \"Might need to trade me in,\" he said. \"The doctors say I have several cracked ribs. I don't know about that but I do know my left hip took a good whack when I fell. Doctors say I didn't break it though.\" She paused and gave him a long look before answering. \"Dad, this isn't good. I'll stay with you.\" \"Lu, I've been expecting you all afternoon. And I knew you were going to say that. Not because you'd need a place to stay, but because of how we are.\" He waved her down when she went to protest. \"And so I've thought through this argument on your staying. It's been going 'round my head. Whether you should stay here or head back home to Kay. Okay, let's just cut right to the finish: Stay. As in, yes, you win on this one. I know I'm going to need some help when they cut me loose from here and I'd rather have you helping me than some nursery maid they assign to me.\" \"Thanks Dad.\" \"Settled. So, you're going to need my keys. I'm not sure where they have them. Go tell your nurse friend that you'll leave her alone as soon as you get them. Go grab some sleep and call your family.\" She gave him a kiss – picking the less-wounded cheek – and said good night. He might look frail but his personality and his way of running things were unchanged. \"See you tomorrow, Dad.\" \"Thanks Lu. You git.\" ~oOo~ ~oOo~ ~oOo~ \"Mom?\" \"Hi Kay. You ready for bed?\" \"Yes. How's grandpa?\" \"Safe and sound. He's in a hospital where they've been taking good care of him. He'll be home tomorrow.\" \"Will you come back here then?\" \"Yes. But I'm going to stay here for a couple of days and make sure he's okay.\" \"Okay. What happened to him?\" \"I'm at his house. He feel down the stairs right out front. It's icy and I can see how it could easily happen.\" \"Is he going to be okay?\" \"Yes, he will. Now, are you ready for bed?\" \"You already asked me that.\" \"Oh, yes I did. Love you darling. Can you put daddy on?\" […] ~oOo~ March ~oOo~ Lu brought the laser hard over to port, bringing the bow into the wind. Using the boat's momentum and her grip on the lines, she ensured the bow's progress through the turn. Wind refilled the sail. The little boat shot forward. Tacking was second nature. She had grown up on the water. Her dad had started her out with a sabot when she was about eight years old, showing her how to judge the wind and water. Within a couple of years she was sailing in races by herself. \"The demon girl of Seattle,\" a newspaperman had once written about her. She loved the water and could spend hours on it. In most ways, sailing on Chesapeake Bay was a lot like the sailing she did long ago on Puget Sound. Yet in many ways it wasn't. The weather was the major difference. But the thrill was the same. As well, being out on the water allowed Lu to escape the pressures of her life. It gave her a refuge and time to work things through. She tacked through the wind again and her craft left Sullivan Cove behind. She headed downriver, south-east towards Annapolis. The early April sunshine was gaining warmth each day. It was mid afternoon and she figured she could spend another hour working her way back to where she had put the laser into the water. Then she'd have to get back to the issues she was trying to avoid. Following her dad's accident, she had been flying regularly between her family in Atlanta and her dad's place in Fairfax. Henry had been out of the hospital since the beginning of February but still wasn't getting around as well as they had hoped. It was clear that he would need to move. He was nearly seventy years old; the place he had called home for some fifteen years had become too hard for him get around in. The choice she favored was to have him move to their permanent home in Arnold, Maryland. The house was rented out to another family until June, but at that point they could have it back. By then Kay would be done with her school year down in Atlanta. With some luck, or encouragement, maybe her husband could transfer back to the D.C. area. That would put all of them - including dad - in the same house. ~oOo~ ~oOo~ ~oOo~ \"Stan, what is going on?\" she demanded. \"Kay says this is the second time you've been late to pick her up at school!\" \"Sorry, honey. It's the work. The lab. It's tough. I've apologized to her a dozen times.\" \"This is your daughter . You don't forget your daughter!\" Static rippled over the phone line. \"You need me to be there. You can't do this on your own.\" \"No, I'll not forget again. She's fine.\" \"She's not fine, Stan. She's upset that you've left her there twice.\" \"Again, I'm sorry. I'm on it. … How's your dad?\" \"You're changing the subject and I'm really angry with you. This isn't fair to her. Or me.\" Silence. \"Okay, he's not well. He's not making the effort to keep after himself. I went out for a couple of hours today and when I got back he had fallen again. He didn't hurt himself, but he's going to if he's not careful.\" ~oOo~ ~oOo~ ~oOo~ A light squall came over Little Round Bay and drenched her. Lu angled the laser around the far end of and started back. Because of the weather she was alone on the water. She was dressed appropriately but that was about the only point in her favor. She could tell from her symptoms - headache, weakness, nausea - that she was hypoglycemic. She ate the one energy bar that she had with her and hoped it would be enough. The travel was hard on her. Atlanta. Fairfax. Flights. Rental cars. Arranging for her father's appointments. Getting him there on time. Staying on top of his recovery and medications. There was no time for herself. She wasn't eating right. Keeping on top of her medications and glucose level sometimes had to be put aside. Her dad's fading strength was perplexing. She didn't know whether to be angry or frustrated with his health. And he didn't seem to care. She was sweating inside of her windbreaker. If she passed out while out here on the water – she didn't want go there. Lu drove the the laser best as she could, using the wind to bring her back to Arnold as quickly as could be done. ~oOo~ ~oOo~ ~oOo~ The following Tuesday she was back in Atlanta. \"Kay will be no problem at all,\" said Erica. The three were sitting on the back porch of Lu and Stan's rented house. \"We really appreciate this,\" said Lu. \"If anything,\" Erica continued, \"Jenn and your daughter are going to have a harder time once summer arrives. You'll have Kay going back to school this fall up in Maryland. That's going to be tough on both of them. I think that's going to be hanging over the heads as this school year winds down.\" \"Well,\" chimed in Stan, \"let's consider having Jenn up to visit us over the summer. School only has about three or four weeks left for the year. Anytime you like, send Jenn our way.\" \"You know,\" replied Erica, \"I think we might do that. I know Jenn will be all for it, so let's see if we can make this work.\" \"Oh wow,\" said Lu in expectation, \"I can't wait for the two of them to get off the school bus this afternoon!\" Lu gave Stan a hug. He had done it, somehow. Over the weekend he had called her in Fairfax to announce he had been offered a position – starting right away – back in Bethesda. This alone was stunning good luck, Lu had thought. The trouble was how to handle the end of Kay's school year. But Stan had pulled this off too. Noting how Kay and Jenn were pals, he had broached the idea with Erica White about having Kay stay with them. Stan looked at Lu as she continued to talk with Erica. Her color was off and she looked thinner. He had pushed to get this opportunity, and it had come at some cost. Yet he had been sensing that she was having a hard time. And he was right, he could see it plain as day. ~oOo~ April ~oOo~ \"We were off Okinawa during this month, 1945. The war's final year, though we didn't know it at the time.\" Henry was wearing his cap and seated in his favorite chair of his living room. Lu stood at the room's entrance, balancing paying attention both to him and to the stew she had going in the kitchen. \"The Japs, we were told, were sending out their super battleship.\" \"Yamato,\" she said. She'd been hearing his stories all her life. \"We were going to intercept her. But our fly boys sank her long before it go to Okinawa. She went down with all hands and that was that.\" \"Never got within sight?\" she asked as she headed back to kitchen for a second. \"No. Never got close.\" Despite the monotony of his stories she knew at least that he was holding onto his memories. But at the same time, she was increasingly feeling run down. She was living with a nagging headache. The whole time she was worrying about his growing bouts of confusion, she was enduring her own. ~oOo~ ~oOo~ ~oOo~ Lu and her laser cut through the water of Weems Creek. She was about two miles, at most, from the naval academy in Annapolis. A lot was working through her head but knowing Stan would be in town soon was helping to calm her worries. Working the little boat back upriver to Chase Creek and from there back to her dock next to Old River Road, she pondered how the summer might play out. Their house would be free to move back into in a little more than month. She could then move dad in with them. Kay would return from Atlanta. This could work out well. She got a surprise as she went to land her boat. Stan was standing there, ready to help out. She hadn't been expecting him for another week, but here he was already. She loved how he could come through when needed. Stan reached and helped Lu out of the laser. He had bought it for her about a decade ago. He even had seen to have it stenciled with the name she had given it in honor of her father's time in the navy: the wee-vee . But as he helped her secure the boat, he saw something that took him away from that memory. On the back of her calf he could see an irregular dark brown splotch. This, cellular pathology, was his specialty. He knew this wasn't good. # # # [2013-July-17]: Minor rephrasing. [2013-Dec-15]: Correction. Incorrectly named Henry stead of Stan at \"\"Stan, what is going on?\" she demanded.\"[Chapter 3] ch.3. breslow's depth The next day he took Owen to a Chevy Chase mansion and began showing him around. \"The Society will be headquartered here,\" Alvirez explained. \"You see how close it is to your house. When members donate blood I'll be able to get it to you quickly.\" Owen wandered from room to room. \"How do you pay for this?\" he asked. \"You can't break just one law,\" Alvirez answered. [ Kyle, Lee. 'Chapter 9: Secret Society.' Let Me In 2 . FanFiction Net (2011) ] ~oOo~ ~oOo~ ~oOo~ ~oOo~ ~oOo~ Tired, Lu lay face down on a thinly padded hospital examination table. Stan, standing at her side, held her hand. But with her head turned away she could not see him. Rather she was looking opposite, at a raised tray that straddled her shoulder. The tray's surface sat just above her eyesight and the only item she could clearly see on it was the raised chrome edges of a metal dish. The dish was labeled with her name, written in pen on masking tape. \"Lucy DeRose.\" Yet from her viewing angle, her name appeared upside down. She thought about the shapes that the letters of her name made as they hung inverted before her. The 'L' looked like a descending canine with the following letters forming a row of bicuspids and molars. A dog – sharp predator's teeth – would have a row of teeth that looked like that. Sharp, mean, tearing. She'd been given a sedative about an hour ago and then a local anesthetic within the previous ten minutes. Voices came to her and she knew they were nearby but she could no longer figure out how many. She knew her husband was here; he was holding her hand. And an attendant, a sweet woman who kept bending over and checking on her, sometimes held her other hand. And she knew Dr. Bradley and one or two interns were somewhere nearby but not visible to her. \"Surgical excision\" had been an unknown term to Lu until two nights ago. First had come the surprise of finding Stan waiting for her when she brought the wee-vee in for the evening. The delight was short lived for next had come his ballooning concern about the mole located high on the back of her calf. She had been aware of it for a month, maybe two or three, and was surprised by his intense reaction. \"I'm taking you first thing tomorrow to have this looked at,\" he had said once they were back at her father's place in Fairfax. They had stood on opposite sides of the kitchen's central butcher block table. Her dad slept in his chair in the living room while a spring training report had played on the television. \"But I have an appointment at 10:00 to meet with a physical therapist. He might be able to assist dad.\" \"Okay, fine. But I'm serious, Lu. We're calling in the morning and getting this looked at.\" He had then started in with terms that were foreign to her but second nature to him. Stan usually kept his professional side at work so she was not used to seeing the Doctor side of him. \"We went over this three years ago when I had the mellow-something taken off the back of my shoulder,\" she said with frustration. \"Melanoma. Mel-a-no-ma. It's a type of skin cancer.\" \"Is this one any different?\" she had argued, \"this was no problem at all last time.\" And it hadn't been. A spec of a mole had been found on her back. It was quickly removed. Her doctor had it examined and she was later told it was a melanoma. There had been no fuss, just a removal and life went on. \"Lu, this is most likely exactly that type of cancer. Again. If it is, we need to get it right away. I'm not saying it is another melanoma, but this needs to be looked at – right away.\" \"How can you know? It's … a brown mole. If this was 'not a problem' three years ago why is it a crisis now?\" \"It's too large, Lu. There are qualities to all moles. This lesion has no symmetry. It has no good border. It's not uniform in color. Do you remember any of this?\" \"No. This is your territory.\" Then noting his frustration with her disinterest she continued. \"Something about basil. I remember the word because it's an herb.\" \"Basal cell carcinoma is what you're thinking of. This mole – it could be that. Basal cell presentations can look in many ways like this one.\" He was glad she remembered at least one of the terms. \"But we can't be sure.\" The next day, 2pm, they had been at her doctor's office. He too took an immediate dislike to the mole. To her dismay he and Stan were in agreement about a \"surgical excision\" and began making calls to schedule it. They found that a Dr. Bradley was available and as both men knew him, it was agreed to. Lu suppressed her anger that her schedule was being wiped away without their showing the least concern. The men's talk then turned to \"sizing\" and \"margin measures,\" moving to a discussion about whether a skin graft would be needed. She ignored all this and worked instead on how to reconstruct her and dad's week. The day had ended back in Fairfax with her and Stan having an argument about priorities. Somehow it came to include medical terminology, stuff she had no fathom line for figuring out. Angry and upset, it was then hard to sleep. She figured she got about three good hours before she had to get herself back up; her dad was an early riser and needed help as soon as he was awake. The \"excision\" was scheduled for 10:30 that morning. The lights in the outpatient operating room flickered out. The attendant at her side made a joke about forgetting to pay the electric bill. When they came back on it was a relief. \"Okay, let's not have that happen again,\" said Stan. Everyone agreed. A couple minutes later Lu could tell by the pressures on her other leg that the excision had started. She was glad she could not feel anything. The medications were working. She continued to stare at the canine-shaped inverted 'L' of her name, written on the masking tape. She recalled she'd been nipped at by a few dogs once or twice over her forty years. She had seen dog bites in pictures but never in person. Could a dog, Lu wondered, really take a hunk out of your skin? What would that feel like, to lose a hunk of her leg, find it in a dog's jaws. Would it hurt? Lu tried to focus but knew the medications where calming her, putting her to sleep. There were moments where she could hear the group discussing the work. There were moments where she did nothing but stare at her inverted name. \"Lucy DeRose.\" She thought about the dog her parents used to have. The doctors, she mused, were taking a hunk out of her leg. Would it hurt? A gobbet . The word bubbled up in her mind. It was a vocabulary word she had given back in high school – so many years go. Gobbet: a hunk of flesh. The word had come up again in the acting she did following high school when she was at Seattle's Cornish College of the Arts. Shakespeare was a treasure trove of words! Somewhere in Henry VI was the line \"into as many gobbets will I cut it,\" but which Part of that set of plays or by whom it was said she could not immediately recall. She wanted to ask Stan if \"surgical excision\" was any different than being bitten by a dog. Was it just a euphemism for losing a gobbet of yourself? Doctor or dog – did it matter? In her final moment of fading off to sleep she wondered how a dog felt about biting somebody's leg. Did the dog feel proud about biting through somebody's skin - sharp, mean, tearing? She would never do that, she decided, even if she had razor sharp canines. ~oOo~ Stan stood by her side throughout the procedure. This was a surgery he had done in the past, although not that often. In recent years he had moved to research positions, working away from patients. Maybe that had been his loss. He fretted about Lu while he watched the team perform the excision. First they marked out the area where they would perform the cut. Then they cleaned the area. Lu seemed completely indifferent, aloof, to the work. This was likely due to the local anesthetic, but it mirrored her overall attitude. He had been alarmed to discover she had this melanoma, which is what he believed it to be. Once it was removed they would do an analysis on it. The depth of the lesion – the Breslow's depth - was one aspect of the biopsy. He was concerned about this. This was a recurrence of melanoma, he was certain, and it frightened him. They had argued last night. Stan hadn't wanted that to happen, and he had likely taken it too far. In part it was due to the surprise of her condition and then her dismissive attitude. But it was also due to the secret he was keeping from her. The new job was something he couldn't discuss with her. For as much as he wanted to, he knew he couldn't. Once the door was open, she'd keep asking for more. And once she knew the truth, he would be facing her disapproval and eventually her anger. So the lid stayed on the secret. Yet the pressure remained. He turned to check on her and was startled to see she was asleep. ~oOo~ April 4th ~oOo~ Thursday, Stan crashed into his first day at the Society. The mood seeing him off in Fairfax was cold. Lu, recuperating on the sofa, was glad to see him depart. Her calf was yet sore from the operation, and her mood, especially towards him, was not much better. The excision and now the recovery had become his fault. Only Henry seemed amused with the situation. He was being left to take on the odd role reversal: his having to take care of Lu for a day. The opportunity gave him a grin, the best Stan had seen on the old man for a long time. Yet the levity was lost on Lu. After a stressful drive through D.C.'s rush hour traffic Stan arrived at the Society's offices, a remodeled mansion set off on a fairly quiet street in Chevy Chase. His senses warily rose as he entered. It was his acquaintance from several years back, Dr. Arun Samarth, who showed him around and made the introductions. Stan was careful to size up and examine the tensions exuded by each member. He had made a hobby of sizing up others, especially through first impressions. Here, the common thread was a sense of fiefdom. He found each member of the group held responsibility for a defined knowledge area and each seemed to want to guard that responsibility. Stan sensed this was intentional. Somebody had set up the system here to operate exactly in this manner. He himself had done the same in constructing the Self Monitoring Blood Glucose research team at the Atlanta pharmaceutical firm. It worked well in placing each contributor into a box – so to speak – where they could be managed. \"Dr. DeRose's background is in clinical pathology,\" Dr. Samarth was explaining to Dr. Johns. \"He's going to be looking into Subject A's immune system attributes for us.\" \"Pleased to meet you,\" Dr. Johns said to Stan as they shook hands. \"A background in hematology then?\" \"Microbiology and clinical chemistry, actually,\" Stan replied. \"Interesting fit,\" Dr. Johns replied. \"I'm curious to see what you're telling us in a week or two.\" \"I'm excited to get started,\" Stan replied, noting an undercurrent to Dr. Johns' delivery. There was a sense of challenge to it, as if to suggest he'd be measuring up Stan and that this was to put Stan on notice to that. \"Subject A is not ill, I hope?\" Asked Dr. Johns to Dr. Samarth. \"Not ill at all, I'm told,\" Dr Samarth replied. \"That's just the thing. Reportedly the subject is never ill. Remarkable.\" Then turning to Stan: \"And here's our man for the job.\" \"Yes, I'm curious to see what you're telling us in a week or two,\" Dr. John repeated. \"Let's move along,\" said Dr. Samarth following the usual exchange of name dropping and revealed medical pedigrees – who had graduated from where, when, and under whose tutelage. Stan knew the drill. And he knew this was simply the first round of the sparring. \"I'll show you the facilities,\" Dr. Samarth continued. \"The lab systems we're assembling are in the basement.\" He led Stan across the room and halls of the ground floor to a locked stairwell. Its position within the house and its solid modern construction jarred with the house's original 1920's style. A card reader protected the door, the same type Stan had seen coming into use at the NIH before his departure last spring to Atlanta. \"We have a card for you,\" said Dr. Samarth as he opened it and led the way down. \"The card is up in my office. Don't let me forget to give it to you.\" \"The equipment is not always the best, but it was what could be afforded.\" They walked through a set of sterile lab room, replete with centrifuges, storage systems, equipment racks and work stations. At the far end, Dr. Samarth waved Stan into a partitioned area containing several small semi-private offices. The one pointed out by Arun was for Stan. It contained very little: a desk and a partially assembled IBM PC XT. \"This will be your work area. Dr. Phil is putting together the computer systems. I will make sure yours is not neglected.\" \"Thanks,\" said Stan. Then he decided to throw in a hook. It was easy to see how each of the doctors that made up the group had been posturing so as not to reveal any weakness. So, it might be a nice softening to reel in Dr. Samarth with the opposite approach. \"I hardly know how to work the things,\" he confessed. \"Don't worry,\" replied Dr. Samarth, taking the bait. \"None of us do. But we hope to build a means of using them to pool the results of our work.\" \"I hope you don't mind if I stick with clipboards and filing cabinets for the most part.\" \"You'll probably find that a good idea,\" agreed Dr. Samarth. ~oOo~ They ventured upstairs to the second floor. Here Dr. Samarth and Dr. Mecklenburg had their offices next to one marked \"C. Alvirez\". This got Stan's attention as it was the only nameplate in the building where the surname was not preceded by the honorific \"Dr.\" They bypassed Arun and Alvirez' offces only to find the \"Dr. Mecklenburg\" door shut and locked. A knock at the door brought no answer. Turning back towards the stairs the two entered through the \"Alvirez\" door and settled into the chairs of a well-appointed office. \"So you understand,\" said Alvirez once the formalities were passed through, \"we are playing this very close to the vest. None of us are to discuss any of this with anyone. As far as the world knows, we're an adjunct research outfit benefiting NIH.\" \"We're one quiet family,\" said Stan as he realized this was the one pulling the strings. Alvirez was somehow the one running this show… an FBI man. \"For the time being, we are working with blood samples from a person whom we are referring to only as 'Subject A.' We're taking care to properly long-term store much of the samples as they arrive, which occurs on a weekly basis. You will be allotted an amount of the remainder each week for your work. All work, of course, is being done here and here alone. Nothing is to leave the offices. Whenever you need something, let Dr. Samarth or Dr. Mecklenburg know.\" \"As I was saying to Dr. Johns, whom I met downstairs, I'm excited to get going on this.\" \"I understand from Dr. Samarth that you've returned to this area, specifically for this opportunity,\" Alveriz continued. \"Right. We own a house over in Arnold, along the Chesapeake. Rented it out, starting last summer while I took on a position in Atlanta.\" Stan was hoping not to have to get into anything specific about his work there. \"Yet, when Dr. Samarth contacted me last month, this sounded like something I didn't want to pass up. So coming back's not a problem.\" \"You have a wife, right? And a daughter?\" \"And both are, honestly, delighted to be returning home,\" Stan said. \"Yet your house is still rented, correct?\" Stan got the feeling Alvirez knew the answers to these questions. Plus that Alvirez wanted Stan to know that he already knew. \"Right, right,\" he replied with a nod. \"We're staying in Fairfax with my wife's father. His place is good enough until June. At that point we have the place – the house in Arnold - back to ourselves.\" Alvirez pursed his lips and then flexed his hands and fingers. \"Let's do this,\" he said, opening his desk drawer and pulling out a check ledger. He signed and tore off a check and handed it to Stan. Stan noted it had already been made out to him. \"Take this. I'm putting this down as defrayment of your moving costs.\" \"Oh,\" Stan began to object. Their moving costs were barely worth thinking about. \"Apply liberally to your renters. See that they make an early departure. I want you to be settled.\" \"Very well. Will do.\" Stan said. The position in Atlanta had had its own under the table dealings, but nothing as outright as this. Plus a sum that made him sit up straight: $10,000.00. \"This'll do the trick.\" Dr. Samarth, Stan realized, hadn't said even one word the entire time. Several points were made in quick order. First, all this had been rehearsed or planned. Alvirez and Dr. Samarth, at least, had made this arrangement ahead of his arrival. Second, Alvirez was clearly the one in command. While Arun had paved the way for his being here, hired, Stan would need to work more on how Alvirez worked. Arun would be a resource but not a strong one. He packed the offered check into the inner pocket of this sport jacket. At that moment, Stan realized he had been bought. This adventure, willingly taken on was a cancer unto itself. Question was, what would its depth be? # # # [A/N: Thank you to the American Cancer Society and the Skin Cancer Foundation for the information concerning melanoma symptoms and treatment that they make available on their websites.] ","Summary":" Ch.1. diabetes mellitus \"I don't know where we are,\" he said. \"We need better maps. Close-in map"},{"Movie":"Hunger","Title":"The return","Author":"Isaboo26","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11815189","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I watch as the early sunlight dances on their heads. My two children playing in the meadow, innocent and carefree in a way that we never were. They don't know the hunger or the fear. They only know freedom and how hard we had to fight for it. For them it's a part of history. For Peeta and me it's still very much a reality we had to learn to live with. I look over to Peeta and find him staring at me with those intense blue eyes that always make my heart skip a beat, even after twenty five years. He knows how difficult the next few days are going to be. Not just for me, for him too. And for Haymitch. The thought of going back to the Capitol has brought back nightmares for all three of us. Haymitch! I forgot all about the time and knowing Effie, she won't be late. \"I'll go see if Haymitch is ready. Please don't let Prim and Cinna get dirty before the cameras get here.\" Peeta nods but he knows just as well as I do that our daughter is every bit of a tomboy as I was and the chance of her keeping her dress clean is slim to none. Especially since we made her wear a dress to begin with. I cross the distance to Haymitch's house. The curtains are drawn but I don't even bother knocking and just go in. He's standing in front of a full length mirror in his bedroom, cursing at his reflection but scowls at me the moment I walk in. \"Remind me again why I let you talk me into this?\" I smirk and walk up to him to fix his tie. My hands are much steadier than his. Not from drinking though. Haymitch hasn't had a drop of white liquor in almost ten years. He gave it up right after Prim was born. The moment we asked him to be her godfather was probably the only moment in the history of ever that he didn't have a snappy comeback. And being part of a family again has transformed our old mentor. Well, not completely. He still makes a mess of his house and is unbearable to almost everyone but us, but he seems happier. If you disregard the traumas of the dark days and the nightmares. \"You know why. It's the 25th anniversary of the fall of the Capitol and Effie will be here soon with a camera crew. We managed to hold them off for many years but now everyone wants to hear from the star crossed lovers from District 12 and to see how we're all doing.\" I can't hide the sarcasm in my voice. \"So let them film you and leave me in peace\" he mumbles. \"And what about the geese. I can't leave them by themselves.\" I stifle a smile. \"Those birds will survive a few days without you. They always have.\" I take a step back and look at my handy work. \"There, that looks better.\" Haymitch turns to the mirror and huffs. I know how he feels. Going back to the place that holds so many bad memories isn't a picnic for me either. Back at our house the kids flock to Haymitch. He picks up Cinna and throws him up in the air only to catch him again. Cinna's laughter fills the kitchen, a sound I can never get enough of. It reminds me of our kitchen in the Seam, when my father was still alive. Or the Hawthorne kitchen when all the children were little. Now they're all grown up and had families of their own. Including Gale. I still talk to him every now and then. He's still living in 2 with his wife and their four children, the fifth on the way. When he told me he met someone and they were getting married, I was shocked at first. I had no right to be jealous, not after pushing him away, but he'd always been my Gale. No one ever could accuse me of being rational. But once I got over that initial reaction I was happy for him. No matter my feelings about it being Beetee's and Gale's bomb that killed my sister, I still wanted Gale to have everything I have with Peeta. That unconditional love that I could never give him because my heart was always Peeta's. Even when I was denial about that. He comes up behind me and wraps his arms around my waist. Those strong arms that always make me feel safe. When he rests his chin on my shoulder I lean back against his chest. It was Peeta that convinced us that we had to do this. To parade our love one more time before Panem. After all, it was our love story in the Games that started the revolution and because I was the Mockingjay, people want to know what happened when we got back to District 12. When there's a knock on the door I freeze. The kids are already at the door before I have had time to gather my thoughts. They've been chewing our ears off for details about the Capitol and they're excited to meet Effie and the others of my prep team they've heard us talk about. But now that they are here, all my children do is stare at the strange group of people standing in the doorway. I smile at the sight of them and step forward, stretching out my arms to greet Effie. I shouldn't be surprised to see that she hasn't changed one bit. It's like she hasn't aged a day since the last time I saw her, the day my arrow took out Coin instead of former President Snow. But I heard it was Effie's testimony at my trial that moved the jury to tears and undoubtedly helped set me free. Something I will never stop owing her for. \"Katniss..\" she gasps and hugs me. As she does I get a whiff of perfume and hairspray that is about as subtle as a freight train. \"Effie. You look fabulous\" I mimic her. She rewards me with a smirk. At least I think it's a smirk. It's hard to tell underneath all the make up she has on. And it looks like some parts of her face are paralyzed because her forehead doesn't move at all when she smiles. She gives my arm a small squeeze and then moves on to Peeta and Haymitch, giving me a chance to greet my prep team. Venia, Octavia and Flavius. All three had work done but not as extensively as Effie. Venia's facial tattoos and Octavia's green colored skin have remained unchanged but they have this unnatural youthful look that's almost believable until you look at their hands. Old people's hands. Flavius has changed the most. His orange corkscrew curls are gone and they've been replaced by a multi colored Mohawk. To stop myself from staring I pull all three into a hug but can't help looking behind them, somehow expecting to see Cinna walking in and telling them to get to work. \"Everyone in the Capitol is so excited to see you\" Venia squeals. \"It's all everyone is talking about. It's been so long and everyone wants to see the girl on fire.\" I can't blame them but a chill runs up my spine when I hear that phrase that holds so many memories. It was Cinna that first gave me that name but when I think about girl on fire, all I can think about was the actual fire that consumed me after the parachutes exploded. The heat of the fire mutt that tried to destroy me and the pain that followed as the doctors worked their magic to save what was left of body. I push the memory out of my mind and force a smile back on my face. \"Where do you want to start?\" I drop my hands to my side and let them take me in. \"Hmm. This is going to be harder than we thought. We had no idea you'd let yourself go this much. But don't worry. We'll get you camera ready.\" Flavius turns to Octavia and whispers a little too loud, \"we're going to need the heavy instruments. That's when I know it's going to be a long day. By the time they get me back to beauty base zero, I'm all caught up on the latest Capitol gossip about people I've never even heard of and a I can feel the beginning of a major headache. The door to the bathroom opens and Effie walks in, folding her lace gloved hands. \"There she is. You look wonderful. A few lines around the eyes but that adds to the charm. Don't worry, we can easily fix that when we get back to the Capitol. Now come along. The audience awaits and we don't want to be late. Peeta and Haymitch are waiting downstairs with the little ones.\" Another thing that hasn't changed. Effie is still keeping a tight schedule. She ushers me down the stairs and I can see that she wasn't kidding about the others waiting. Peeta, Haymitch and the children are standing by the door looking nervous. Peeta sees me and a smile appears on his face. For a moment our eyes lock. We don't need words of encouragement. Just being near each other is enough. I hear Effie counting down and my hand finds Peeta's. Then the door opens and we walk outside. What was once a sad looking block of houses has now been transformed into a cozy lane with trees and plants in different colours. All the houses are occupied now so it's not just our family and Haymitch that live there but other people that have returned from District 13 as well. Like Greasy Sae or Hazelle. It was just easier for them to live close by. Especially in the beginning. But new families moved in as well. Leaving the houses empty just seemed so wasteful. That's one thing we picked up from our time living in 13. The camera zooms in and I can hear the anthem being played as the Mockingjay appears on the screen. It's now the nation's seal. As the last notes disappear I see Caesar Flickerman and give Peeta's hand another squeeze. \"Welcome everybody to this special episode on the eve of Remembrance Day. And a very warm welcome to some familiar faces all the way out in District 12. Our very own Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark. And if I'm not mistaken..and I never do..Haymitch Abernathy.\" As always he laughs at his own joke in an over the top manner we've come accustomed to. When the camera zooms out Prim nudges her brother and they both wave nervously. I instantly feel guilty. Why did I agree to do this again? My children know nothing of the Games, other than what they've been taught at school. Exposing them to all of this only adds to my fear that one day it will all start again and I can't stand the thought of that. Peeta senses something is wrong and tightens his grip. While I'm still trying to formulate a coherent sentence, he's already way ahead of me and takes the lead. \"Thank you, Caesar. We're looking forward to coming to the Capitol and make sure that you all didn't make a mess of things in our absence.\" Caesar and the audience laugh at what they think is a joke but I know better. The fears that plague me also plague Peeta. I am now even more in awe of Peeta's strength. When Snow was holding Peeta prisoner, after I blew up the arena in the Quarter Quell, he made him do interviews with Caesar in an attempt to break me. They tortured him and then dragged him out to be on display for the whole of Panem to see what would happen to anyone that defied the Capital. If I'm thinking about this now, I am convinced, so is Peeta. \"We wouldn't dare. Would we, folks?\" Caesar turns to the audience we can't see but hear as they roar. \"There you have it. We've been very good\" he says in mischievous tone while staring directly at us. Haymitch huffs again but Peeta is quick to mask that sound with a shallow laugh of his own. \"Well then, I guess it's safe\" he says mockingly. \"And Katniss can leave her bow at home. There wasn't any room for it anyway with all the stuff for kids.\" Caesar makes a few meaningless closing remarks and then it's over. I can't help but breathe a sigh of relief. Like clockwork Effie appears in the doorway. \"Alright everybody. Get your things. We are out in ten.\" ","Summary":" I watch as the early sunlight dances on their heads. My two children playing in the meadow, innocen"},{"Movie":"Hunger","Title":"Effie and Haymitch","Author":"Lilyanna Ingraham","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10895416","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I had worked with a lot of people from the capital before. They come in and swoop down on the kids of 12, knowing what they are in for. Disappointed, that they have to work with kids from such a little, unglamorous district like 12. Some of them try their best despite themselves, trying to get up the ranks. Others know that they are a lost cause, and don't even try. Either way, the kids of twelve are always underrepresented in the games, having the shortest interviews with Caesar, and you can tell by the audience's blank faces that nobody cares. Nobody cares whether these kids live or die. And to tell you the truth I cared. But I wanted them to die. It's better to die than to live like I do, a recluse, alcoholic, a shell of the person I was once. Nothing left. Nightmares haunting me every night. My family, gone, detached, or dead. Nothing to live for but the smell of whisky in the morning. But Katniss and Peeta were different than those other kids. They had a fighting chance. Peeta had more charisma in his pinky finger than I do in my whole body. And Katniss, well she's tougher than she knows and doesn't take shit from anyone. And this year our representative was different too. Effie Trinket. The name just as bubbly and ridiculous as the character herself. But the one thing that surprised and annoyed me, was her insufferable optimism. No matter how hard Katniss pushed against her, Effie was determined to make her into a proper woman. Effie was determined to make the best of what she got. And although she started out caring more about her career than the kids, saying empty things to make them feel better, trying to fill them with the malarkey of the capital. But as time wore on, I could see her start to feel for the kids. We all sat together in a room as we watched the games. When Katniss sang for Rue, I saw real tears run down her cheeks as she left the room. Just as I thought I might not have to see this insufferably optimistic capital dweller, we were thrown back into the train for the victor's tour. She tried, her darndest for those kids, she wanted them to have good speeches, she wanted to save them. She knew what a precarious situation they were in. We talked about it, actually. We talked about it a lot. Unlike the first train ride where we just said nothing but fluff and niceties, on this train ride we talked. She even took some of my input on the speeches. One night, when things were just going crazy, and people were yelling at Katniss how she really felt, Effie came to me to help. I heard a knock on my door. \"Hello?\" I asked, a little tipsy but not nearly where I wanted to be yet. Effie barged into the door and said: \"Haymitch, I think I need your help.\" \"Writing the speeches? Nah you do just fine.\" \"Just fine? Just fine?! Haymitch! I need this to work and you know why. For Katniss' and Peeta's sake. Not for mine!\" \"See, I'm already having my nightcap, so-\" \"Haymitch, please. The people don't like what I have been writing. It sounds stiff and forced, please.\" \"Uggh.\" I sighed knowing that she was right, but still not wanting to interact with anyone. At least not anyone sober. \"Fine.\" I said to her. I'll make a deal with you. I'll help you write if you. . .\" \"If I what Haymitch?\" she asked skeptically. \"If you drink. I can't deal with anyone sober right now.\" \"What?!\" she squeaked. \"How is that going to help?\" \"You said you wanted to loosen up right? This will loosen you up.\" I told her, handing her the bottle of scotch, she refused. \"I see that this was a bad idea. I am sorry for wasting your time.\" She told me before turning to walk away. \"Wait-\" in that instant I felt something change inside of me. Like somehow I didn't want to be alone. She looked at me, with her orange laden doe eyes, and I was at a loss of what to say. \"Yes Haymitch?\" she asked hopefully. I raised an eyebrow and poured a shot. \"Just have at least one.\" She grabbed the glass with gumption, I mean even with the speed of her movement she kept it ladylike. It was amazing. Then she shot it back with force and gave me a satisfied sigh. She needed no chaser, it was totally unexpected. \" Now, \" She said with particular emphasis. \"Onto the speech.\" We wrote, and wrote, but we also drank, a lot. I was heavily buzzed, which considering the fact that I am a regular consumer of alcohol, meant we had drank a lot. Effie had done a pretty good job at keeping up with me. But she was gone, drunk, started to get sloppy. We had long since finished the speech. Effie reached out to pour another shot, tipping over a glass in her path. \"Whoa there sweetheart, I think you've had enough.\" I warned her. Usually it wasn't for me to judge, but we did have to stop at another district the next day. \"Don't tell me what to do!\" she said playfully hitting me on the arm. \"You sound like my father, blah, blah, blah.\" That comment surprised me; I had never heard her talk about her family, ever. \"Here, I'll get you a glass of water. Good lord I hope you're not hung over tomorrow.\" I told her, regretting having her drink in the first place. I turned to go to the sink, and I heard the clink of a glass. I shot back and saw her clumsily trying to pour herself another drink. \"Effie!\" She gave me a huge drunken smile. \"You caught me! What are you going to do? Send me to my room?\" she laughed, and I sighed. I had gotten her into this mess and I had to take care of her. Sweetheart, I'm taking this with me.\" I told her as I waved the bottle of vodka. \"Nooo!\" She whined loudly, and tried to get up, stumbling. \"Shhh, shhh, they'll hear you!\" I scolded her in a loud whisper, and she stopped in her tracks. \"I'll be right back with your water, but don't move or talk until I come back ok? \"OK.\" She whispered back. When I came back into the room Effie was sprawled across my bed, frills hanging every which way. \"No, no, no, no, no,\" I said quietly to myself. \"Effie?\" \"Yes?\" she moaned. \"Here, drink this water.\" I told her, but she didn't budge. \"Mmmmmmmm.\" She moaned. I sighed. \"Alright sweetheart let's get you sitting up.\" I told her, pulling her by the shoulders. I handed her the water, and it was a little shaky in her hands. \"Here-\" I said and sat on the bed next to her. I helped support the water as she brought it up to her mouth. When she was done she muttered: \"Thank you Hay.\" And her head drooped onto my shoulder. It was really odd, seeing Effie conduct herself like this. I was so used to the prim proper capital bullshit. But hey, people are just people, especially when you get them drunk. Then Effie babbled something unintelligible on my shoulder. \"What was that?\" I asked her, genuinely curious, for once. What drunken babblings would I hear next? \"Do you think Katniss and Peeta will be ok?\" \"Now why do you ask that?\" \"I keep thinking about it and thinking about it. Something just doesn't feel right. It feels like something is going to happen, something bad.\" \"Well, not if we have anything to do with it sweetheart.\" \"Yeah, a drunkard and a priss, we make a great team.\" She said sarcastically, and I couldn't help but laugh. Not only could I actually stand drunken Effie, but I kind of liked her. She was funny. \"I think we both qualify as drunkards now.\" I told her, and she started giggling. No, more like snorting, with a little bit of giggling mixed in. \"If only we could drink them out of trouble!\" Effie screeched, and I laughed. Really laughed, like I hadn't since I can't remember. I mean, it wasn't necessarily funny, but just the whole situation was in itself, ridiculous. We sat there and just talked for a while, but then somehow, we both ended up asleep on my bed. Scandalous, I know. Effie sure thought so, when the next morning she woke up and frantically scrambled to try and make herself presentable and scurry to her room without anyone noticing. ","Summary":" I had worked with a lot of people from the capital before. They come in and swoop down on the kids "},{"Movie":"Hunger","Title":"The hunger games","Author":"mariabelmonte61","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12232587","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Hunger Games Each year on November 13th a new hunger games began. These games were used to see which district had the most intelligent people and able to solve any puzzles. They were made to sacrifice everything to play. Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark had been partners ever since it all began. The very first time they were together to the very last. They both began when they were only twelve. Two young teens exposed to cruelty and deaths which had to do everything possible to make it back home to their families. On a dark raining night the end of the hunger games was approaching. District twelve was horrified with the news that Peeta had been killed by his own partner Katniss. They had been in the hunger games together for the past five years. Everyone in district twelve was in shock and could not believe it. At 2:03 pm Peeta was declared dead having an arrow shot directly through his heart. How could have Katniss done such a thing? As everyone asked themselves President Snow stood up and said, \"This is devastating, how could that girl do such a thing!\" The audience shocked as is were saying \"how could you?\" \"why would you do this to him?\" Everyone in District twelve knew Katniss had talent with a bow and arrow. They could have never guessed she used her talent to destroy an innocent life. They had been friend ever since they were only two. This was all a shock to everyone, even to Katniss. Peeta was one of the few who knew who President Snow was. He was a evil person who only cared about himself. Katniss hated President Snow because he was the reason why she was separated from her mother and younger sister. By the second games her mother Elda and sister Prim passed away due to bombing from another district. Katniss said it was her fault because she had killed Rue and Cato representing district two. Katniss approached President Snow as he was standing in the middle of the high balcony where he gave all his speeches. She was furious and upset on the look of her face. As she got closer she yelled, \"I know it was you.\" \"You are a pathetic human being for accusing me of something you know you did,\" she said furiously as she turned around already having a plan for revenge. ","Summary":" The Hunger Games Each year on November 13th a new hunger games began. These games were used to see "},{"Movie":"Hunger","Title":"Survive","Author":"Freddy's Little Friend","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10911871","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Survive| - By:Declan Bridges| - Airplane crashed in The Bremuda Triangle a mysterious place that noone dares to go The Titanic crashed near The Bremuda Triangle even 7 planes crashed there and noone found the planes and when the planes made it in the triangle the radar could not them. But I Ace was starnded at The Bermuda Triangle and I found it's mystery's It was hard it was dangerous but I came back alive and with pictures and I am Ace an adventure and I was in that airplane crash. It all started in 2009 when I was going to meet my mom and dad in England for Christmas I hadn't seen them in 2 years. I left becouse I was a photographer for a buisness I went everywere except England. I was on an airplane, U.S Airlines it was 9:11 AM the pilot said \"We will feel minor terbulance please buckle up and stay safe\" we were over The Bermuda Triangle noone knew what was going to happen so they all stood still then... all the power cut off like it was drained the ship was falling the alltitude was dropping fast the plane went strait down the CRASH I couldn't hear I couldn't see I was hurting and bleeding my head was cut open by some metal then I blacked out nothing to see I lost all hope I just prayed to be dead I didn't want to feel the pain. ","Summary":" Survive| - By:Declan Bridges| - Airplane crashed in The Bremuda Triangle a mysterious place that no"},{"Movie":"Hunger","Title":"Clove and Cato","Author":"jasmin.nw","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13017422","Passage":"[Chapter 1] When I saw Cato wink at Glimmer in training I knew it. He was flirting with her. And she loved it too. How foolish could he be? He was eventually going to have to kill her! Did he not realise that falling in love was so dangerous for us as allies? Marvel was trying to hold a conversation with me but I wasn't interested. I was so enraged with Cato that I ran over to the knifes station and threw them at every single target perfectly. And in hopes of getting Cato's attention, the only one I noticed watching me was Marvel. He had been following me around like a lost puppy ever since the meeting about us coming together as allies. When I finally had enough of Glimmer and Cato's pathetic little love story, I walked over to interrupt them. \"Come on Cato, we should be training. Remember, we're supposed to be intimidating everyone and I don't think playing teen romance will be helping with that.\" \"Oh relax Clove, everyone knows that we're the superior tributes out of all these losers\" Glimmer laughed. I rolled my eyes. Arrogance is a very big problem. No bother, hopefully Glimmer dies in the first few minutes and then Cato won't be so distracted. Or maybe I'll get to kill her myself. I think Cato noticed how frustrated I was becoming because he picked up a spear and threw it at a target. \"So strong\" Glimmer said in awe of his strength. \"Happy?\" Cato said smiling at me. \"Never\" I laughed at him. I could never stay mad at Cato. Glimmer however, was another story. \"Guys, look at Peeta\" Marvel said pointing to him. He was climbing a rope ladder and we could all see he was struggling. And we couldn't help but laugh as he dropped to the ground with a groan. \"He should be easy\" Marvel said smirking. We watched as Katniss walked over to him and whispered something. \"Oh and the girl on fire\" Glimmer sang mockingly. \"Why did they get all the attention? They're from District 12. No one has ever paid attention to them until now\" Marvel huffed. We watched as Peeta got up and walked over to the rack of weight balls. They were huge, and incredibly heavy. We were waiting for him to fail yet again. But to our dismay, he threw the ball into a stack of spears at least twenty metres away almost effortlessly. \"Think again Marvel. He's pretty good\" Cato said. I turned to see him touching one of Glimmer's braids. I rolled my eyes once again and couldn't wait for training to be over. I was annoyed to find out that as part of our alliance with district 1, we have to spend quality time with Glimmer and Marvel. I was the last to join them in their level. Cato was sitting on the floor with Glimmer and they were laughing about something. I took a seat next to Marvel on the edge of the couch and crossed my arms. Cato and Glimmer were so immersed in their own pathetic love story that they didn't notice how much I was glaring at them. But Marvel clearly did. \"You're jealous\" he whispered. I pushed him hard. \"Don't be ridiculous. I know she's from your district and all but she has the same amount of intelligence as a squirrel.\" \"You may not want to be her, but you certainly want Cato to see you the way he sees her. Not just as a friend.\" Marvel's words were so aggravating and tormenting that I wanted to throw a knife in both his and Glimmer's back just for annoying me. But that can wait for the games. I watched Glimmer giggle as Cato pinched at her sides. \"So what am I supposed to do then?\" I asked Marvel. My curiosity was getting the better of me and I could feel myself becoming more vulnerable than I should let on. But I couldn't help myself. \"Maybe make it clear to Cato that you don't like their relationship.\" \"But then that proves I'm jealous. That gives him the upper hand. He wins and can do whatever he wants with the power I give him.\" \"Well, if you love him, you won't care.\" That night Marvel's words swarmed my head. If you love him, you won't care. Love!? How outrageous. How could I let myself fall in love when I am being sent to die? If I let myself love Cato, then he is my weakness. And if I let myself love him, I'd never be able to kill him. When my name was called at the reaping, I was able to see my Mother-my only living family member before I was sent away. I asked her how could I possibly win, when Cato was in the games with me. How could I let myself kill a boy that I had forever been friends with and loved for even longer? She told me I couldn't let it get in the way. That letting my emotions of love get the better of me would end in me dying. And all I wanted to do was come home to my Mother alive. And to be able to bring glory and money to our family. But tonight, the love side of me won over and pushed me to Cato's door. I felt bad when I saw him barely dressed and sleepy. Seeing him without a shirt bothered me. I didn't know why but it made me uncomfortable. I had woken him up. \"Clove? What's up? Is everything okay?\" He rubbed his eyes and yawned. His blonde hair was a mess. \"Can I come in?\" I asked crossing my arms. \"Sure\" Cato was an incredibly aggressive person, but when we were alone together, he was the nicest person I'd ever known. I sat on the edge of his bed with him, not sure how I was going to approach this. So, I dove right in. \"Glimmer\" I said, \"do you love her?\" \"I'm not really sure\" he said lifting my spirits, \"I haven't known her for long.\" \"You do realise you'll eventually have to kill her\" I said trying to smack some sense into him first. \"I'd rather enjoy what I have with her now before it comes to that.\" \"Well\" I began fiddling with my bracelet Cato had given me when we were younger, \"I don't think you should pursue her at all. The relationship- it's dangerous.\" \"Woah, Clove, slow down. What? Why? Where has this come from?\" And I was so prepared to answer him honestly, but the thought of having to kill someone who knows I love them, who I have admitted to being in love with, is too much a burden to bare. \"No, I just don't want you to hesitate\" I said standing up. I went as quickly as I could to the door. \"Clove, wait.\" I ignore him as I go back to my room. And Cato knows to leave me be when I shut my door on him. He's learnt that the hard way. The next few days are weird. There's a sort of odd tension between Cato and I. We have barely spoken too, unless we have to. And we can both feel that something has changed, but neither of us want to admit it. I stick to practicing with knives and spears, making well sure I don't cross Cato and Glimmer's path. Our mentors asked us to stick in pairs and I wasn't surprised when Cato and Glimmer stuck together like glue. So that left me with Marvel. \"Glimmer does not stop raving about Cato\" Marvel said in my ear as I was trying to concentrate on the chest of my target. \"So?\" I said nonchalantly. \"So, didn't you talk to Cato?\" He asks. I am beginning to become wary as to why he cares. \"More or less. Why do you care so much?\" I turn my body to face Marvel. I have to crane my neck so I can look up at him and I am so small compared to him but I bet I'd be able to put up a good fight. \"So you can finally realise that Cato is an idiot and maybe pay some more attention to me. And what do you mean by more or less?\" I grab another two spears and throw all three of them at the targets perfectly without even taking my eyes off Marvel. \"I told him to be careful with Glimmer, nothing about my own feelings\" I said, \"and I would only pay attention to you, when we are the last two people in the arena and you are the one I need to kill.\" He glances at the spears I have thrown and I smirk hoping that he's become intimidated by my deadly aim. He leant in close to my ear. I could feel his warm breath on my ear and it sent chills down my spine. \"We'll see about that Clove.\" In this moment I catch a glimpse of Cato watching us while Glimmer shoots some arrows. I pull back and smirk at Marvel. Realising just how I am going to be able to get Cato's attention. ","Summary":" When I saw Cato wink at Glimmer in training I knew it. He was flirting with her. And she loved it t"},{"Movie":"Hunger","Title":"Life After Mockingjay 2","Author":"csteffen40me","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11754786","Passage":"[Chapter 1] LIFE AFTER MOCKINGJAY 2 CHAPTER 1 - Homecoming The feelings and memories of the past two years or so since it all started with the games was still so raw and vivid. I still hadn't healed from it all myself. Some days it seemed like it all happened years ago and then other days it seemed it was only yesterday. After things settled down, I came home and I was alone in the Victor's Village. I was only alone for three days, that is when Haymitch arrived. I asked where Peeta was, expecting that Peeta would be with Haymitch. He told me that he stayed behind to try to make a full recovery. He didn't want to come home without a full recovery because he was afraid of hurting or killing me or himself. I will never forget the afternoon that Peeta came back home. It was two months after Haymitch and I came home. I was just starting to get into a normal routine. As normal as I could make it. There was a handful of people who came back to District 12. There were some new people from other Districts who decided to come to live in District 12 also. Together we were starting to get back to a little town and clean up from the bombing. I really didn't need to hunt anymore because the Hob was gone but I hunted anyway for myself and sometimes Haymitch and others in town. That morning of the day he came back was a beautiful morning. It was Spring time and the sun was coming up as I started walking in the woods to my hunting spot. The birds were starting to sing and the sun was warming the air and taking off the chill of the night before. I found my hunting spot and sat there for hours. It is funny because that very day as I was sitting there waiting for some creature to walk my way, I thought a lot about Peeta. I thought about how I actually missed him. How I needed him to sleep at night and comfort me from the nightmares that I still had. I missed his smile and gentle touch and I realized that I really did love him. When I came home after the rebellion I put the pearl that he gave me and his necklace in a box and put the box on my nightstand. Every night I take his necklace out and hold it while I sleep at night. I had come to terms while sitting there hunting that I wasn't going to see Peeta for a long time, if ever again. When I had enough of my thoughts and nothing was around for me to hunt I started walking back to the house. As I walked up the walkway I didn't even notice him, not until he stood up. I stopped walking and just stared. Was it really him or was I just imagining him. I started walking faster to him and he must of heard me because he turned around and when he saw it was me he smiled. We just looked at each for what felt like minutes but I'm sure we just seconds, then we held on to each other for the longest time. It felt so good to be in each others arms again. At that moment I embraced the realization that he meant everything to me. I realized that I took him and his love for me for grated during the games and Quarter Quell. I felt so bad about how I took him for granted but so joyful that he was back and better. We truly loved each other and we were in a better place now. We could live in peace without worrying about people getting reaped. We were going to pick up the pieces and start over with a new town, a worry free and peaceful life and we were going to do it together. ","Summary":" LIFE AFTER MOCKINGJAY 2 CHAPTER 1 - Homecoming The feelings and memories of the past two years or s"},{"Movie":"Hunger","Title":"The Hunger Games - The Arrow Flies","Author":"MorokBear-Cleaver","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11024486","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Arrow Flies – Chapter 1 Katniss took the arrow, it's notch around the bows string. She then pulled it back, took a deep breath, and let go. The Arrow flew through the air, elegant, yet fatal at the same time. After a second of flight, it struck its target, piercing the side of a grazing deer. Katniss Everdeen ran towards her prey. She jumped across a small ravine and several rocks, like a choreographed dance. She crouched beside the dead creature, and slowly stroked it's lifeless hide. She had no ill bidding for the creature, but she had to practise every day. She then thought back to two months ago; the day Katniss had to step up, the day Katniss' life changed forever; the day of the Hunger Games. For ever since then she lived in constant fear. Her joint victory made her several enemies, and often had to hide from those wishing her death. But she pushed on, because she knew the day when the next would begin,she would volunteer. At that moment, Katniss heard a small, yet sharp, sound. It was the sound of a twig cracking, and it came from not far behind her. She already had another bow notched when she stood up and whirled round. Yet no one was in sight. She decided in an instant to turn back round once again and head to her house. She climbed up a tall tree, and darted between them, slowly making her way back. Suddenly, an arrow shot past her, barely missing her neck. She whipped round, but again; she saw no one. For once, she wished she was not wearing the black armour she obtained after the Games. Then, a Tracker jacker nest fell from above, striking the branch Katniss stood upon, causing her to topple over. The last thing she saw was the wasps above, flying around in a frenzy. She felt the wind flowing past her and sensed her limbs flailing, trying so desperately to find a handhold. Then, pain shot through her as she hit the hard ground, and passed out. Katniss awoke, and found herself in a small, metal room. It was cube-shaped, and small in size. There was nothing special about the room, save a large glass window set in one of the walls. However only those on the other side could look through. She was tied and bound to a chair, set in front of a rectangular table. Katniss heard several hushed voices from behind the glass. She tried to focus on it, but could not make out any words. She then began to think about where she was and why she was here. Had she been captured by one of her enemies? Left to rot in what would shortly become her final tomb? Was she in prison, had she done something wrong? She could not think of any crimes, but people viewed her as a criminal nonetheless. Katniss' thoughts then drifted to her friend, Peeta, and the kiss they shared on that serene beach, under the moonlit sky. She wondered about her relationship with Peeta. He was a good friend, and she did not want to lose that, but at the same time, it was undeniable they had some sort of connection; a spark. Katniss was a mess. She didn't know what to do with Peeta, she didn't know how she could continue this fearful life; and above all she did not know where she was. A hole then opened in one of the walls, casting a beam of light into the dark room. Throughthe door walked a man, large in stature. His hair was of light grey, bordering on white. He sported a large beard, and donned a black coat, with a waistcoat of the same colour. Katniss' jaw dropped, as she immediately knew the man, it was Coriolanus Snow, the president of Panem. He was the one behind the Hunger Games. Katniss had only met this man a few times, but he was the one being Katniss hated the most in the world, and wanted nothing more than to kill him. Coriolanus sat down on another chair, and lit of a small cigar. His eyes glanced over Katniss' body slowly. It made the girl uncomfortable. Just as she was about to say something, Snow spoke in a quiet, levelled voice. \"Hello, Katniss.\" he said, looking into her hatred-filled eyes. Katniss only stared back, too angry to say anything, scared that she may kill the man if she let her animosity out. \"I see you are in no mood for talking,\" Coriolanus spoke again, in that same calm tone, \"I don't blame you.\" At that moment, Katniss could not contain it, she kicked the table as hard she could, but still Snow kept that expressionless face. \"Please, I'm trying to be civil here.\" he said, taking a puff from the cigar, then letting it hang in between his fingers. \"'Civil'?!\" Katniss barked, \"You nearly kill me, then you capture me and lock me in this dark, cramped room. And you want to be civil? No, no I will NOT be civil!\" again the young girl kicked the table and tried to get out the chair. But it was futile. The ropes were secure, and they only burned into Katniss' wrists. Coriolanus Snow stood up, and slowly walked around the table, tapping two fingers on them, until he stopped behind Katniss. For few seconds, nobody spoke, and the room was plunged into silence. Just when Katniss was about to look round, Snow grabbed the chair and pulled it to he floor. Katniss screamed out in pain, while Coriolanus leaned in, barking in the girls ear, \"I would suggest you shut up for one second, girl and let me speak. Two months ago, it was the seventy-forth annual Hunger Games. You, Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark, were the representatives for District 12. You fought and killed the other representatives for your own survival. But, here's where it all went to shit! You both survived, and one of you was meant to die. But instead you found a way to cheat the rules, to both be crowned victors. Now did you ever stop to think what this meant for me? No? I didn't think so. Because of you I am the most vilified man in Panem, and come the next election there is no doubt that I will be replaced by another!\" Snow stood up again, and walked around the table for a second time, staring at the girl. Katniss was hurting badly, but she could not resist the chance of torturing the old man, \"Oh, what a shame.\" she whispered, smiling for the first time in hours. At that moment, Coriolanus slammed both fists in the table before, jabbing his finger at the young girl. \"How dare you! You thought you would get away with it, and somehow you did. But not now. Now I in charge! I hold the cards. And I say come the seventy-fifth Hunger Games, you and Peeta will be the representatives of District 12 again, and one of you will die!\" Snow made an evil, bordering on insane grin. Then he spoke softly, \"You have one month to prepare. At the end of February, it starts.\" \"What?!\" Everdeen shouted, her legs shooting pain through her body, \"That's not allowed! Two Hunger Games cannot be that close together! You cannot force me to be tribute! You CAN'T!\" Katniss exploded, her fiery temper making her go through great effort to jump up. Then, with a fearsome roar, she ripped the ropes off and ran at the man, only stopping for fear of death. Though perhaps, compared to her current destiny, death was not so bad. \"You. Have. One. Month.\" Coriolanus said each word with a steely snarl, before turning foot and walking through the door, which then closed, leaving Katniss Everdeen to silently weep in the corner, uncertain of what lay ahead of her, and whether she would be killed by Peeta... or have to kill him. ","Summary":" The Arrow Flies – Chapter 1 Katniss took the arrow, it's notch around the bows string. She then pul"},{"Movie":"Hunger","Title":"Someone's gotta be the best, why not you? A Clato fanfic","Author":"ClatoxGlarvel","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12081101","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Once upon a time, in a land far, far away called Panem, there were 12 districts, and in the second district there was a little girl named Clove Sevane. This girl trained hard for the hunger games, and on the side, mma fights and distance running. She was the toughest girl in all of district 2. Maybe even in all of Panem. She volenteered for the hunger games, she won, and was on team Panem for 1500m, 3000m, and 5000m, setting world records by the time she was 18 and in the UFC at 21 winning the straweight title and lived happily ever after. Well about half of that is true. The other half is still in progress. I'm Clove Sevane. I'm 15 years old and I want to do something amazing with my life. I don't wanna just sit around all day watching Youtube and worrying about boys and being your typical teenage girl who will just get fat by the time they are out of college. I wanna do something great. I have big dreams let me tell you. I want to win the hunger games. It's just something I have wanted to do since I was a little girl. I also want to do something after that. All these hunger games winners are forgotten the year after they win. I want to be in the UFC and on team Panem for distance running. Yes I have big dreams I know, but someone has to be the best in the world. Why not me? I stretch and reach over to my night stand to turn off my alarm. \"Time to train\" I say to myself with a smile starting to spread across my face. I love training. It puts me into my zone, if you know what I mean. I love the feeling of getting better everyday. I walk over to my closet and pick my training outfit for the day. Black Nike pro shorts and a navy blue nike sports bra. \"Ready to go\" I say to myself in the mirror. I head downstairs to the kitchen. I grab my smoothie I made last night and quickly drink it along with eating a protein bar. Then, I head back upstairs to brush my teeth and put my hair in a high ponytail. Then I grab my bag and I am off. I'm greatful for it being a 5 minute walk to the trainning centre. I absolutley love it there. It's huge! It isn't just for weapons and survival training in the hunger games. There are all kinds of things there. There is a swimming pool, indoor track, ice rinks for hockey and figure skating, weights and cardio gym, tennis court, and boxing and mma rings and training room, which by the way they teach like 100 martial arts there! And that's just inside! Outside they have a football feild, outdoor track, pole vault, sand pits for long and triple jump, high jump mats,a soccor feild, and and 3 outdoor tennis courts. It is great. I love it there, but I am mainly there to train for the hunger games, boxing and mma, and distance running. Sometimes in my spare time I will go play tennis or swim when the pool is free. When I get there I head to my mini locker and put my bag there. First I head to tehe weight room to meet my trainer, Greg. He is a pro bodybuilder and trains me 5 days a week lifting, which I very much appriciate. He has really helped me enjoy lifting and puting on a few pounds of muscle. Today we did arms and abs. He even said my abs are coming along well. My goal has always been to have a six pack, and i'm pretty much there! I had to lose about 25ish pounds first and all the fat seemed to have come off my stomach. After a hard hour of weights, I headed over to the indoor track to meet my trainer Cecilia. She is an Olympic Gold medalist in 1500m, 3000m, and 5000m and a bronze medalist in 800m! She set the world record for 5000m and 3000m back a few years ago. She is pretty tall so I am sure that was a small advantage. Today I did some strides and switched between 400m and 800m 3 times with 90 second breaks then did a 1500m at the end. I swear she pushes me hard but it is worth it. Once running training was finished, I headed to my hunger games coach, Dominick. Today he had me work with spears, axes, and swords for about 3 hours, then played out some scenerios, like what if I was in the hunger games without a weapon and a big 6'4 guy with a dagger was coming at me or what if I came across a mutant dragon and other things like that. We did scenerios for about an hour and a half then I was free to go off to fight training. Today, my coach Derrick had me perfect my left hook, right uppercut, and left roundhouse we sparred a little bit. Then we practiced some judo throws for a while and that was pretty much it. I got done at 5 and let me tell you, I am exhausted. It's time to just go home and do whatever I want. I have school tomorrow and I am excited because we are starting our fitness testing in gym class. I get to show off how fast I can run a mile, how much I can bench, how much I an curl, ect. Ive always tried to outdo everyone in athletics, especially guys. I wanna prove that I am tougher than they are. I only go to school 2, sometimes 3 days a week because I train. You have to have an 80% average or higher to be allowed to go to the training centre because our district believes very much in education. Just as I get my bag out of my locker, my fight trainer comes up to me. \"Hey Clove I forgot to say, this weekend we have a girl looking for a fight from silvertowne. Are you in?\" I felt a rush of excitment go through me. I am 4-0 in mma and 3-0 in straight Muay Tai. \"Yes totally! Whats her record?\" I ask. \"She's 9-1. Sheila Macontage. Have you ever heard of her? She is the former district 2 champion?\" My jaw dropped. Yes of course I have heard of her. I wanted to fight her before she had even won the title because she had some pretty good knockouts. The harder the fight, the more glorious the triumph. \"Yes! I have wanted to fight her for the longest time now. Even before she won the title.\" I say excitedly. \"Great. Fight night starts at 9 O'clock in Winshire this Saturday, which is about 2 hours away so, come here at 6 and you can get a ride with us.\" Exaplains my coach. \"Oh and by the way, we have another fighter from our gym going, Cato Brokavitch. Ever hear of him?\" Derrick asks. \"Ya I think so. He's the jui jitsu and tae kwon doe champ in all of district 2 right?\" I say. \"All of Panem.\" Derrick corrects me. \"Oh wow! I didn't realize he had the title for the whole country! Wow!\" I say quite surprised. I have seen him at my school and only heard talk about how hot he is. I do agree he is pretty attractive, but I don'tcare for him to much. He is in grade 11 and i'm in grade 9 so I barely know him. All I know is he is a really good fighter. \"Yeah he really is extrodinary.\" Derrick says. \"Anyways I best be headed home. Have a good night.\" He says \"You to.\" I say and head home. ","Summary":" Once upon a time, in a land far, far away called Panem, there were 12 districts, and in the second "},{"Movie":"Hunger","Title":"Joanna Masons Hunger Games","Author":"DountLover26","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10954197","Passage":"[Chapter 1] this is the best document ever ","Summary":" this is the best document ever"},{"Movie":"Hunger","Title":"Unspoken","Author":"tiabwfc","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11479268","Passage":"[Chapter 1] They play in the meadows... the little boy with his short stumpy legs and the girl with two braids flowing down the side of her head. Her eyes are blue, his eyes are grey. The boy with strawberry blonde ringlets. It amazes me how much Peeta loves them. He loves them more than life its self. They are by far his favourite things in the world. Of course , I love her too , beyond comparison , but that sparkle in his eyes when he sees them; its ... magical. It reminds me why I finally caved into his pleas. We live in 12, it's just me, Peeta, Haymitch and the two most precious things in my world... Josh and Jen. Haymitch is the god father of Josh and Jen and loves them almost as much as me and Peeta ... almost. We live in the Victors Village. It's enclosed and away from public view, everyone knows where it is ... no one dares to enter. No one can get in and we rarely go out, Peeta leaves once a month to get foods and paints , and I leave once a month to hunt in the forest for meats. When times become particularly hard, I go into the forest just to escape the world, to get away from reality just for a few hours. Although that is rare and happens once every blue moon They were growing older ... the girl started school and started becoming more aware of the world around her. She started asking questions ... questions I didn't really want to answer but knew that she needed to know. We decided to ease her in ( me and Peeta ). Decided we'd start off with the simple , minor details and build up to the horrors. How can you tell a child about the world you used to live in , lived through, without scaring her to death. Peeta assured me we will do it together. Promised me we will do it in such a way that she wont get nightmares but is still aware of the atrocities that form our past. So we did it that way ... we explained about my nightmares and why they wont ever really go away. We explained about how sometimes daddy gets memories . Memories that make the veins in his knuckles stick out and the force he grips the back of a chair with. Why he stays there for 5...10...15 minutes at a time. Agony written on his face and fear dancing in his eyes. ","Summary":" They play in the meadows... the little boy with his short stumpy legs and the girl with two braids "},{"Movie":"Hunger","Title":"Being alone, to having a home","Author":"Mollie Tickner","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11062581","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Being alone, to having a home. Friday, 20 February 2015 Last month two sisters were kicked out of their homes by their parents and the reason is still unrevealed. But the story is amazing on how they got back on their feet. Well that is only if they actually did get back on their feet. Friday the 9th of January two sisters were kicked out of their home by their parents and the girls Roo and Katness had nowhere else to go so they started living on the streets. They lived on the field behind a golf course on a blanket that they took from home. But one day the 10th of January the girls went shopping with $5.00 each as that was all they had left. They were waiting to see what the price of their items was and it turned out to be $13.80 and the girls said \"I'm sorry but we don't have enough money as we are homeless\" and a boy behind them his name is Peter and he said to the girls that he has an older sister that works at a youth centre so he paid for their things and the girls went to the youth centre with Peter. Dr Daisy (Peter's sister) greeted the girls respectfully and she gave them a key to a room but when they opened the door they were as shocked as anyone could get. The room had two nice big beds with lots of blankets and there was a big bathroom with showers, baths and a toilet. Then they went for a tour around the centre and discovered a job centre with lots of jobs and they get paid a good amount of money for what they do and they have responsible hours. There was a kitchen with lots of food, oh and by the way it was ALL FOR FREE! The girls started crying in excitement and they were so thankful. The next day it is 11th January the girls had a nice sleep and a nice dinner and then when they woke up they were greeted with a shower and clean clothes. They went to the job centre and applied for a job. They got two jobs each so they could get lots of money to buy their own place but then again they are only 14 years old and not old enough to live alone. But when they got the jobs they overheard that there is an opening apartment for young people aged 13-17 years old. Roo said \"we ended up going to the apartment and is was a bit pricey but we told them to leave it for us and we ended up getting the apartment 3 days later as we worked really hard and we ended up getting more money to spend on the things we need.\" The girls are now living separately with their boyfriends and they have good pay jobs and the parents are going to be getting questioned for kicking the children out of their homes at a young age and with nowhere else to go. The girls are fine now that they have their own money and the job though is paying good money but they were only doing some cleaning because they were under age but now they are 15 and have a proper job. Reported by Mollie Tickner ","Summary":" Being alone, to having a home. Friday, 20 February 2015 Last month two sisters were kicked out of t"},{"Movie":"Hunger","Title":"Just a Nightmare","Author":"LunaLieksWaffles","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10418086","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Just a Nightmare The fire was getting closer,ashes spreading,trees falling,sparks flying,I could feel the heat on my back as I ran.I could only focus on one faster,and the 74th Hunger Games uniform,I almost tripped because of 's Peeta and the other tributes?But, arena is the 74th Hunger Games' one. I stopped fire stopped Capitol probably drugged me to forget something.I just have to think.I heard laughing,and could laugh and giggle at this time?The sound got louder,and I heard 4 's voice. \"Rue!,\"I screamed.\"Rue!\"I ran faster,going faster towards the sounded like 3 girls..Prim?Was she with Rue?The Capitol really had drugged 's and Rue's voice rang through the clearing,the third girl's voice along with 's Rue with her dark hair,her curly hair putting weight on her small with her 2 blonde braids and hazel eyes glittering,and third girl had yellow hair that reminds me of Peeta and the same hazel eyes as it be?Rose? That couldn't was my daughter,she couldn't be alive yet...and Rue...she was supposed to be dead...and Prim,I thought she died from the fire bombs...I held my tears in.\"Prim,Rue,Rose!,\"I ran to them.\"Katniss!,\"Prim and Rue said joyously,hugging me,happy I was threw herself at me.\"Mommy!\"I hugged her tighter.I was laughing,but had tears in my same look I gave Peeta when he told me there was a forcefield. It happened bombs were exploding,and I was flung back with Rue and Rose.\"Prim!,\"I screamed.I heard one last word.\"Katniss!\" and she was gone.I cried hugging Rose,and Rue clinged onto Rose,and hugged her.\"Oh,Rue,\"I said,stroking her hair,and hugging Rose looked up at me,than was a her.I looked behind to see who shot it and hugged Rue and tried to help looked up at me,and sang the 4 shut her eyes peacefully. \"Rue!,\"I was screaming now.I was hugging least I still have her body,Prim's was gone in the were flooding down my cheeks,and Rose clinged on to me.\"Mommy,\"she cried.\"I'm scared.\"I hugged her,stroking her hair.\"You'll be alright,\"I told ,she closed her eyes,and never did open them. I woke up startled,Peeta was moaning next to was hugging him.I smiled to see them was at my legss..hugging them,and whispering,\"Mommy,I'm scared.\"I looked down at her.\"Don't worry,honey.I'll be here for you..\" ","Summary":" Just a Nightmare The fire was getting closer,ashes spreading,trees falling,sparks flying,I could fe"},{"Movie":"Hunger","Title":"The Mockingjay Lives: Ashes","Author":"GuardiaStar","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10753202","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Prologue Young Katniss sat behind the television screen. Oh the Games had given her nightmares on and on..but despite the dreadfulness her mother bore about the games, there was a reason Katniss watched them. A young tribute named Zane Cohen. He was shy of being seven years older than her at her current age of eight. The youngest tribute ever to have won the games. He was in his second quarter quell. There was something about him, that drew her to him. It wasn't just his mossy, dark curly locks or his upper body strength. But his heart, he went and helped others as he could. Even if they were trying to kill him, he ended up talking his way out of these situations and turning most scenarios around. His stride of leadership inspired her, ever since her father's passing she looked up to Zane and admired his ideals. Katniss couldn't watch the death scenes, it was too much for her even then to comprehend. \"Mommy says one day we could be up there.\" Katniss's younger sister, Primrose snuck up behind her. \"You're so silly lil' duck. I promise, I'll never let that happen to you.\" She embraced her five year old sister. ","Summary":" Prologue Young Katniss sat behind the television screen. Oh the Games had given her nightmares on a"},{"Movie":"Hunger","Title":"Joniss Before the Games","Author":"HG Revoulution","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10247773","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Johanna has just left the elevator and Peeta, Katniss and Haymich are going towards floor twelve. \"Peeta, what the hell was that, you say all that stuff about being in love with me and then you go and do that. I'm done with you\". Peeta and Haymich awkwardly stand, silently, Peeta staring at Haymich looking for help. \"Now Katniss calm..\"Haymich says in a fatherly tone. \"You know what no, this time I will not calm, I'm done with you too. You were staring at her too, so shut up\" Katniss says working herself up. The elevator reaches floor 12 and the lavish apartment opens, she storms off, cursing under her breath. Hours later Katniss lays awake thinking about Johanna, what her body was like and it just infuriated her at how Johanna would not get out of her mind. Katniss thought of Johanna's curves, the way she was staring at her, how forward and how sexy... she was. Katniss had finally realised Peeta, nor Gale were the ones for her, it was Johanna. She arose from her bed, her body sweaty from just thinking about Johanna. Katniss stepped slowly, unsure of what was going on, she just about reached the elevator before she came to her senses. The elevator buttons lit up as her clammy hands hit the cool metal, the doors opened up and a breeze of air conditioning hit her face, cooling her down. Her heart beat increased, rapidly, as the floors went down, each one slowly approaching her destination. Katniss' feet hit the luxurious carpet and she just stood there a minute to absorb the feeling as her apartment had a tacky plastic like wood. She stumbled around looking for the right door to enter, pulses of her heart coursing through her body. Katniss didn't realise it but there was a figure behind her slowly approaching, Katniss was too distracted as the image of Johanna's body was flashing in her mind. The silhouette moved towards Katniss slowly studying her first, it then lunged forward wrapping it's arms around her. Katniss tried to shriek but her mouth was covered, by a familiar hand. The figure kissed her neck, she was moved towards a bedroom, one hand on her mouth another around her waist. The room had wooden lamps and a holographic screen with images of a forest, full of oak trees on, opposite the bed. Katniss was pushed onto the silk covers on the bed where she could finally see the figure that had been behind her. Johanna was standing over her staring into her light sky blue eyes. Katniss tried to get up and shout at Johanna for stripping in the elevator but she couldn't, she was mesmerized by the apperance of Johanna, she could finally see what she had been dreaming about. \"So twelve, I know how hard you tried to hide what you felt for me in the elevator. I only did it for you, I may seem the I don't give care at all, but ever since I saw your face I knew, you were the only person I will ever care for\" \"Um Johanna, what? I came here to shout at you for...\" Johanna kisses Katniss, pushing her back down and seductively grabbing her sides. \"Now twelve you can't deny you didn't like that\" Katniss leans up to put her tongue in Johanna's open mouth, Johanna leans in to her and they start exploring each others mouths, intensely locking lips. They both knew this time was different they weren't just kissing this time they could feel something for each other. Although Katniss was scared by Johanna she could see the real side of her, the caring side that was under the tough girl, there was someone who did care for once. Katniss switched back to what was happening, Johanna moved herself to the side of Katniss. Neither of them wanted to do anymore they just wanted to embrace each other, it was one thing for Katniss to want this but for Johanna this was something she had never felt before. They had a sense of belonging. Johanna locked her arms tightly around Katniss, savoring every moment, their bodies both sweaty but they both smiled. Their faces changed, they realised, not both of them were going to survive and they couldn't show they're love in the middle of the games. Katniss realising this latched on to Johanna, her face nuzzled into her shoulder, her eyes became misty. Johanna had no idea what to do in this situation, trying to comfort the now weeping Katniss, she kissed her on the forehead and lay with her. They both lay there, not knowing what to say to each other, Katniss opened her mouth but the air just escaped. They didn't care about the surroundings or even the games anymore as long as they got to be with each other for now. \"Johanna, you know we can never tell anyone about this, it's strange for both of us and I just..\" Katniss says with a loving voice. Johanna starts sobbing, whimpering, trying to do it silently. \"Yeah sure, whatever, but Katniss I've never, you know, before\" Johanna murmurs half hoping that Katniss would not hear. There is nothing left for them to say, they both lay there, absorbing the moment that would never be again. Just laying there, whimpering, wishing there was a way of stopping the games. Revolution and uprising crossed both their minds, but their eyes became blurry, there was no way to stop this, it was life, they had to live without the luxuries usually but the one time they have them they want the only thing they can't have, each other. Johanna's eyes became heavy, she started to drift off, but she wanted to stay awake to comfort Katniss, eventually she gave into temptation. Katniss watched Johanna's oak like eyes closing, her eyes gave in to the struggle and they fell heavily. Katniss stared at her, the perfectly proportioned eyes, her fiery outgoing hair and her soft, pink, lips. Katniss moved up to kiss Johanna's cheek, her hot lips pressing against Johanna's clammy skin, she wiped the salty tear trails off Johanna's face. after about 10 minutes, Katniss gave into her desire to sleep, her eye lids fell gently, she was resistant so she gave Johanna one last loving kiss and everything went black. \"Johanna, hey, are you awake?\" Katniss says comfortingly as she lightly pokes her on the nose and teases her by kissing her with her bright red succulent lips. Johanna wakes to Katniss' eyes staring in to hers. \"Hey, twelve, nice to see you're still here, sorry I fell asleep\" Johanna pokes Katniss back, playfully, on her little cherry nose. Katniss lets out a giggle and sits up, she takes Johanna's surprisingly supple hands, she pulls her up and their tired feet hit the delicate carpet beneath. \"Go put some clothes on and we'll go somewhere\" Katniss lets out a menacing grin. Johanna gets up and puts her training clothes on, the flexible clothes slide on her with ease. \"That's the most clothes I've seen you in since we've met\" Katniss says with a wide spread smile and a cheeky wink. Still tired from the night before, Katniss drags Johanna out back in to the refreshing elevator. \"Katniss, where are we going?\" A worried tone comes from Johanna's voice. Katniss doesn't say anything, she just strokes Johanna's silky hair behind her ears and gently rubs her glistening, coral cheeks. Johanna's face dropping more and more at each floor they go past, the high pitched ding of the elevator finally goes off. The floor here is different, it's soft but solid at the same time, they had arrived in the training quarters. \"Katniss, what the hell are we doing here?\" \"Haha well I'm going to teach you how to shoot\" Katniss firmly grabs her hand and escorts her over to the bow and arrow simulation room. \"Just clear your mind, don't think about anything, just trust me\" Katniss says while reassuringly starring into her deep oak eyes. \"Katniss, do you trust me, do you love me the way I love you because everyone I've ever loved has just left. There's nobody except for you left, I'm struggling to believe that you love me now\" \"What, you love me, seriously? I'd never leave you, of course I trust you, why would you ever think that I didn't?\" \"Of course I love you, good lets get started then girl on fire\" \"I love you too, waw never thought I'd actually say that haha\" Katniss staring at the bows deciding on which out of the three she would take, one had a curve just like her wooden carved one from home, another with a metal spiral on the end of it, and the last, the biggest, with a spear like edge that in the games could be used for stabbing too. Katniss picked up the first one deciding it was perfect for a start out bow to teach Johanna with, the bow string was thicker than the others but would make the arrow being shot go much faster. Katniss set up the simulation room by entering 5 enemies, average strength and can throw items to dodge as a start up for Johanna, it would be slow enough for Katniss to teach her properly. \"Come on Johanna this is the fun part, the part I live for\" Katniss took Johanna's hand and pulled her in to the luminous room where there were florescent orange lights, dashing past them. They stand there, Katniss goes behind Johanna and wraps her hands around her with the bow in front of both of them, the heat between them increases and they both let out small giggles. Johanna puts her hands on the bow as the first simulated silhouette runs at them, she pulls the bow string back, her pulse can be felt by Katniss, it's rapidly increasing. She holds the bow string pressed against her upper lip, she lets go and it leaves a small crimson cut on her lip, the cool aluminium arrow hits the silhouette dead on center. The florescent orange figure is now bursting into smaller cube like blocks, that vanish before hitting the floor. \"Johanna well done, you're a natural, I don't even need to be here\" \"Don't leave me, I'm only good when you're with me\" she turns around to kiss Katniss, this kiss was different, there was an electricity they hadn't felt before. They were aware of their surrounding more but were still focused on each others lips. Katniss thought of Johanna's gentle, fuchsia lips while Johanna thought of Katniss' hot, red, succulent lips. They still hadn't realised they were still in the simulation center and that another figure had appeared, this one came at the with an axe, each of the silhouettes resemble one of the other tributes and there was a strange likeness with this one. The florescent figure threw the axe, Katniss and Johanna were still completely oblivious to what was going on, the axe hit Johanna in the head, it gave out a jolt of electricity and Johanna fell to the floor, her head smashed down on the solid tiles. Katniss picked up the bow and took aim at the silhouette, she hit it straight through the chest, obliterating it. Johanna started to cough, although it was a small shook, it affects different tributes in unique ways. Some people would die from the shocks, some it wouldn't affect but that would be the careers as they are trained to deal with it. Katniss kneeled down to Johanna's aid. \"Johanna, are you okay? Look at me, Johanna!\" *Cough* \"Hey girl on fire, I think I might have been hit, by an axe\" \"Oh my god, thank god you're okay, we'd better leave before someone sees us\" Katniss grabs Johanna's parched skin, Johanna moaned in pain but she gradually got up, Katniss puts one of Johanna's arms around her neck and she put her hands around Johanna's waist to stabilise her. Katniss carries her over to the elevator and they go back up to floor seven, Katniss feels the fluffy carpet below between her toes, she carries the limp Johanna back to her bed and lays her on the silky covers on the bed. Johanna has no strength left she just flops on to the bed, no energy left, all the colour disappearing from her face, she's as pale as the silky white sheets she lays on. Katniss goes to the bathroom, blue and white flowers scattered around the room, she grabs an aqua, spongy, cloth and wets it using the smooth, white taps. She heads back to Johanna, trying to be a gentle as possible she wipes the warm wet side of the cloth over Johanna's forehead, making sure not to cause her any distress from pressing too hard on the burnt areas of her face. Johanna wakes with her eyes becoming misty so she can only just about make out Katniss, tears run down her face and the salt from the small drops scald the cuts she has sustained. Katniss wipes the tears away trying to be as considerate as possible. \"What are you doing there, girl on fire?\" \"Are you okay? I'm just trying to wash the cuts so they don't get any worse before we have to be downstairs for the final evaluation\" \"I'm fine, Katniss I don't know how to thank you, you are just... there are no words to explain how amazing you are\" \"Aww that's so sweet, I'm never leaving your side, even if we are separate in the arena, I will find you. But we will have to pretend like there is nothing between us, for Peeta\" Katniss says reassuringly, her face dropping as she does. \"Do you want to sit up?\" \"Yeah that would be nice, haha\" Johanna says playfully, she sits up and gives Katniss a hug. \"I love you\" she whispers into here ear, she then pulls her tighter so that there is no space between their bodies as Johanna now sitting on Katniss. \"This is weird, I'm usually the one being sat on, haha\" \"You've done this before?\" \"No, but I'm always the pushy one, the last person that I was with disappeared the day I came back from the games. He left me and that's when I decided I would never put myself through the same thing again, whatever happens I will not leave you in the games, I will protect you until the end\" she started to cry again. \"Well he was stupid for leaving you, I always thought you were that tough type of girl but you're different. I like this side of you, behind the whole fake front.\" \"Yeah well, don't get attached, love is weird and unpredictable. If I die in that arena I don't want you t...\" \"Don't say it Johanna, it's not going to happen to you, we are a team\" Katniss becomes misty eyed, everything becomes a blur. ","Summary":" Johanna has just left the elevator and Peeta, Katniss and Haymich are going towards floor twelve. "},{"Movie":"Hunger","Title":"Hayffie fanfic to die by your side","Author":"LucySeverusRickman","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10075654","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Haymitch sat at the table with the surprise dinner he had prepared for his and Effie's 7 year anniversary . The candle's had been burning for quite a while and the wax began to melt down onto the table cloth . He began to worry as Effie is never late for any occasion . And then the phone began to ring , he rushed to the phone hoping to hear an explanation from Effie .Tears flooded down his face and for a moment his heart stopped beating as the phone slipped out of his hands . He heard the words he had hoped he would never hear . An unidentified women had been found dead in a car accident that women was identified as Effie . The room become dark and cold the name Effie began to spin around in his mind . The thought of knowing that he would never feel Effie's heart beat again was unbearable . By now the surprise dinner he had prepared for Effie had become cold . But that was the least of his worries all that was on his mind was how was he going to go on without Effie . Effie was the only good thing in his life the only thing keeping him from ending his life . Haymitch had come close to suicide many times but that was before Effie came into his life , Effie was the one to show him how to love but now she's gone . Haymitch had experienced heartache and loss many times before as a mentor but never any as great as this . Knowing that his life would always be empty from now on he decided to end the longing end the pain of lost love . With no reason to stop himself he juust about manged to drag himself across the floor towards a kitchen knife he grabbed the knife and slit his throat. Blood quickly flooded from his neck and he fell to the floor . His eyes gently closed as he lay on the ground in a pool of blood . A couple of minutes later came a knock on the door . It was Effie . \" Haymitch sorry im late I got caught up in an accident it was awful a poor lady died some man crashed into her im fine don't worry I just got stuck behid them . Haymitch ? Haymitch ?! where are you \". Effie wondered through the house and the entered the dining room . \" Haymitch ! no no no you can't do this to me no not now we were going to grow old together we were going to have children you cant leave me now haymitch not like this \" . And then that's when Haymitch woke up in a panic . It was all a dream . He turned onto his side to put his arms around Effie as he was longing for her comfort but then he realised she wasn't breathing . \"effie , effie no don't do this to me come on Effie breathe , breathe ! \" he cried . Her body was cold there was no way of resuscitation she was long gone . ","Summary":" Haymitch sat at the table with the surprise dinner he had prepared for his and Effie's 7 year anniv"},{"Movie":"Hunger","Title":"Hunger Games FaceBook","Author":"bloodyamazon82","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10107026","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Katniss ran over to her computer and opened Facebook, \"Time to make an account!\" Katniss- Katnip Peeta- PitaBread Marvel- Mr. Marvelous Cato- KillerCato Clove- ILUVcato Rue-RueRocks FoxFace- WhatDoesTheFoxSay Thresh- ThreshIsFresh Gale-Wail4Gale Prim- Lil' Prim Glimmer- GlitteryGlimmer President Snow- YouWillAllDie Cinna- SnipsAndStitches Katnip: Finally got a FaceBook! Yay for me! -PitaBread loves this. -Wail4Gale likes this. -SnipsAndStitches likes this. Lil' Prim: Wow, about time… I'm your LITTLE sister and I had a FaceBook before you… -KillerCato likes this. -Mr. Marvelous likes this. -GlitteryGlimmer likes this. -LUVcato likes this. PitaBread: Katniss will you go out with me? Katnip: Ummm, no thanks… PitaBread: WHY NOT?! I'M A LOVABLE GUY! Wail4Gale: Yeah, Sorry Dude. But, she always liked me. Your kinda weird. RueRocks: Don't gang up on Peeta! He's hotter than you, Gale. PitaBread: See? I told you I was hot! -RueRocks like this. ILUVcato: Since we're talking about relationships… Cato, can I asks you something? KillerCato: I WILL NEVER LIKE YOU CLOVE! You maniac! You tried to kill my beloved Katniss! Katnip: Ummm, you tries to kill me to… So… PitaBread: AND ME TOO! HE TRIED TO STRANGLE ME! -RueRocks likes this. Katnip: I wish he would have…. *KillerCato logs off* ","Summary":" Katniss ran over to her computer and opened Facebook, \"Time to make an account!\" Katniss- Katnip "},{"Movie":"Hunger","Title":"Fire and ice","Author":"Tamara52","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10221071","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A Year later District 13 Violet: I hope this will be over soon Katniss: We will get through this… (Mutters) I hope *crush runs in* Crush: Rose is gone! Violet: we know she is out in the woods Crush: No, She's been taken by the capital Violet: What! *she faints* The Capital *Rose is on a table with a 5 month stomach* Rose: *wakening up* what. Happened? *she looks at her big stomach* Rose: Holy Crap! *President Snow comes in* Pres. Snow: Hello rose *rose spats on him* Pres. Snow: now, now. This won't hurt a bit *he inserts a needle in Rose's arm and one in her head* District 13 Crush: they got rose back Violet: A bout time Crush: What time is it? Violet: *checks watch* 2:15 Crush: I have to go train Violet: I forgot you're a fighter 2 days later Dr. Jackson: we did all we can *violet comes in and rose wakes up* Rose: MUTT! *she lunges at her and starts to choke her* Crush: Rose stop Rose: when the mutt is dead Crush: who is the mutt? *she Points at Violet* Crush: Rose can you go back to your bed Rose but… Crush: no buts *Rose stalks back to her bed* Two days later Violet: Crush, I hope there is a way to fix Rose Crush: there has to be a way Violet: My… *they hear an explosion from a class room* Crush: The blew up the class room again Violet: You think Crush: Didn't your dad had the same thing happen to him Violet: I think he did *they run off to Peeta* Peeta: do you two need something Violet: dad, weren't you high jacked by hunterwasp? Peeta: yes, why Crush: How did you get better? Peeta: they added more venom till I stopped Crush & Violet: Thanks *they run to tell the doctors * Dr. Jackson: Well we can try it 2 Days later Dr. Jackson: We did all we can *Rose starts to wake up* Rose: What happened? Dr. Jackson: You're in district 13 Rose: Well duh *Dr. Jackson holds up a pitcher of Rose and Violet* Dr. Jackson: Who is this? *he points to violet* Rose: My sister Violet Dr. Jackson: good Rose: what's good? Dr. Jackson: nothing *Violet walks in* Rose: Hey VI *she goes over but stops* Rose: Sis, I won't bite Violet: I know, but I don't want to risk it 2 Days later *Rose is walking down the hallway to the archery area* Rose: *she sees smoke coming from a class room* 5 *the kids start to yell* Rose: 4 *the teacher tries to get the kids to calm down and Violet walks out of the bunker they are staying in* Violet: 3 *kids start to run out of the room* Rose: DUCK FOR COVER! *the Twins run for a closest and the class room blows up, again! And they got out of the closest* ?: Carlisle I won't of done it if you didn't bump into me! Carlisle: Rick, It was not my fault! Rick: You're a moron! Rose: who blew up the classroom? Rick: Wow, Dude you never told me your sisters are the mockingjays! Rose: So, little brother Carlisle: I didn't do it! Violet: Right… 3 days later *Rose is dressed to go to district 12* Katniss: hey rose, you heading to the grave? Rose: yes, Violet is blaming herself for what happened District 12 Crush: This is her grave? Rose: Yes, My Aunt Prim Crush: how did she die? Rose: Me and Vi were 7 *FLASHBACK* Rose: come on Vi, you can do it! Violet: I can't! Prim: Violet, if you can't I will teach you how to heal Katniss: Violet, you can do it *Violet shoots the arrow, but it goes off track and hits prim in a major blood vessel* Rose: Aunt Prim, Watch out! Katniss: PRIM! *END FLASHBACK* Crush: So violet blames herself Rose: *she sets a pitcher of her and violet on the day of their 1st reaping* Yes Prim: Rosetta? Rose: Aunt Prim? *she faints* Crush: You're her aunt? Prim: yes, I made it Crush: ok, I need to get Rose home Prim: You got my niece Pregnant? Crush: yes, I didn't mean it Prim: never mind that *they get to the hover jet* Rory: Crush, What did you do? Crush: Nothing much, learned how rose's aunt died, met said dead aunt, found out Rose's real name Rory: Prim? Prim: Hello Rory Rory: You died, how? Prim: surprise Crush: aww, how sweet but we need to get back Rory: that's right we must get going *One long ride later* Crush: Thanks Rory *he walks to rose's family's bunker carrying rose* Rory: Prim, how did you... Prim: the capital got me, fixed me up good as new and they were going to threaten Katniss with me I ran till I got home Rory: oh, well sucks for them Prim: Still the same old Rory Rory: yep, but a dad Prim: I know *a week later Rose is now 6 th months pregnant* Violet: What are you going to name the little one? Rose: I like the name Lilly, and Rebecca Violet: can't decide between a flower and a normal name? Rose: Yep Crush: I like Lilly Violet: what if it's a boy? Rose: I like the name Ethan Crush: what about William? Rose: that's nice Violet: That is a name of a flower Rose: it is? Violet: yes, the sweet William Rose: *face palms* I'm a retard Crush: You're… Rose: shut up Crush: Shutting Violet: I thought the mood swings were done, I was wrong Gale: Hey, Viola and Rosa the president wants to see you Rose: Sure gale, and Rosa really Violet: you haven't called us that since we were 3 Crush: Viola And Rosa… Rose: one more word and I will duct tape your mouth shut *they leave to talk to Fiona* Present. Fiona: Hello girls Rose: Hey Violet: Hello Fiona President Fiona: President Violet: fine, Hello President. Fiona President Fiona: Girls, as you know the capital is at war with the districts Rose: so what? President Fiona: I need the mockingjays to be in the war Violet & Rose: WHAT! Violet: Rose can't! She is pregnant for crying out loud! Rose: What she said. I can't President Fiona: You two want the hunger games done do you? Rose: yes but… Violet: Rose can't. I want to get rid of the games but, Rose and my niece/nephew comes first President Fiona: girls, I know but we need to do something Rose: I'm in Violet: Rose, what are you doing!? Rose: I'm not going to let my child grow up with the games Violet: Then I'm in President Fiona: Good Violet, go to training Rose, work on your aim with your bow Rose: ok Violet: sure *a week later, the twins are in district 5 * Rose: man, this place is a dump Crush: They bombed it Rose: Crush, it is ok Crush: I don't know rose Violet: it is ok *they hear a call to come back to the hover jet* Crush: we need to run Rose: you think? *they run back to the hover jet* Gale: about time, we need to get to the capital Rose: don't remind me Violet: Same Crush: I just want it to end President Fiona: Girls can we talk? Rose: what are you doing here? President Fiona: Can't talk to the mockingjays? Rose: you can but crush stays Crush: Don't dag me into this President Fiona: Fine *gale leaves the room* Rose: What do you want? President Fiona: now, we want to have your brother be a healer… Rose & Violet: No! Crush: He is 9 years old! President Fiona: But we have to Rose: We know what your Grandmother tried to do President Fiona: What is that? Violet: She tried to kill our aunt Prim! President Fiona: it was to defeat the capital! Crush: She was 14! She was scared for life! Rose: She stills haves nightmares on \"what if…\" she died! President Fiona: We need more healers! Rose: then, I'm done Crush: Same here Violet: Yes, I'm not going to put Carlisle in danger Pres. Fiona: Fine, we won't make him a healer! *gale pops his head in* Gale: We are 1 hour till the capital Pres. Fiona: You still in? Rose: keep our brother out of this and I'm in Crush: I'm with rose on this one Violet: Same here Pres. Fiona: fine Rose: good talking with you *Rose and violet and crush walk out to the main room* Violet: Whatever happens, it was fun growing up with you Ro Rose: Same here Vi, Whatever happens, at least I'm fighting with you and Crush Crush: let's stop the games Rose: Let the real hunger games begin Violet: and may the odds be ever in our favor Crush: I'll miss the funny times from you two if we die Gale: We are landing, good luck you 3, and Rose, be carful Rose: I will *the 3 and some other solders get off the Hover jet* Solder1: What do we do Rose? Rose: Well we need to find a place to hide for now, and then we will attack Violet: Good plan so far Crush: Remember, if you die you die with grate honor All solders: yes sir! *they run to a building and they run in* Crush: No one is here Violet: I guess they evacuated *the TV turns on making rose jump* Rose: Man, they need to put a timer on that thing *Prez. Snow shows up on the screen* Pres. Snow: Rose and Violet were ever you are, I will find you and kill you. So give yourself up now *the TV turns off* Rose: yeah, right Violet: We are not falling for that Solder2: What now? Crush: I guess we camp out here till morning Rose: no, we must keep moving Violet: Why, Rose you need to rest Rose: Vi, I'm 6 months along, we need to keep moving now *they hear an explosion* Rose: That's why! *they all get out of the building and at least 11 died* Crush: We aren't going to make it! Violet: we can, and will! Rose: Trust us! *they get to the town square* Soldger3: They made a human wall *there is a bunch of kids from the age of 3 to 13* Rose: This is just mean Crush: They are sacrificing their own kids for him! *They see a set of twins one is hugging the other and the other is crying* Rose: There scared Violet: who is? Rose: Them *she points at the twin girls who look about 3* Violet: Them? They look so sweet Rose: They, can't be left like that Crush: Rose, Violet. Remember we are on a mission. Rose: You're right, let's go kill Snow Violet: yah, Lets go *they all run into the human wall when rose stops to catch her breath* ? : Amy, look Amy: who is she? ? : I don't know Violet: Rose, Come on! Rose: I *pant* will catch *pant* up in *pant* a sec Crush: be careful! *they run off and the twin girls go up to rose* Amy: hi, I'm Amy Lily: and I'm Lily Rose: Nice to *pant* meet *pant* you Amy: you ok? Rose: yes, I'm fine Lily: You're like our old mum Rose: what happened? Amy: they killed her Rose: oh, *she gives soft smile* I'll be your mum Lilly: You better run to catch up Rose: On it, you to go hide somewhere around here Amy: On it! Come on Lilly *the twins run off when they see the hover jet and they are allowed on* *Rose runs to catch up* Violet: There you are Crush: thank goodness you're ok Rose: Yeah, what is going on? Violet: we just cot Snow and back up is on the way Rose: Good, *she smiles* the games are really over now Crush: *Puts his arm around rose* finally A few weeks later and still in the Capitol Rose: Vi, I want to talk to Snow Violet: Why? He is a criminal! Crush: I can't let you do it! Rose: I just want to talk to him, I may be 7 months along but I can take care of myself (Amy comes running in) Amy: Daddy, Uncle Carlisle blew up another classroom! Crush: Again! Violet: I got this one (She goes to talk to Carlisle) Crush: Rose, don't do it Rose: I promises (She puts her hand behind her and crosses her fingers) Snow's jail cell Prz. Snow: Hello Rose Rose: Snow, let's have a talk Prz. Snow: Of course Rose: Why did you start the games again? Prz. Snow: My Grandfather… he had to gain revenge Rose: that is a stupid reason Prz. Snow: I thought that too, but he made me. He said that no one in the districts deserve freedom Rose: they do, it scares them to send their children in the games not knowing if they will or will not come back Prz. Snow: I knew that Rose: Well *she gives him a sad smile* I'm sorry about your fate. If it was my chose I would have you have a 2nd chance (Rose leaves the room) *A few days later* Pres. Fiona: Ok, Now that the Hunger games are gone, we must decide if we have the capital go through what we did Rose: No, I'm not going to let that happen Violet: I'm with Rose on this one; they don't deserve to watch their kids die like we did Katniss: Fiona, we can't do that Peata: We tried that before, it didn't work Crush: You are not going to do it Pres. Fiona: well I say we do. Now Rose, Violet, You said you would like to kill Prz. Snow Rose: yes Violet: let's get this over with *The twins go on stage with Snow tied to a post* Rose: (Holding her bow and in her quiver a single arrow) Snow Prez. Snow: Hello Rose and Violet Violet: just get it over with Rose (Violet goes over to snow and holds up his head so he can see his death coming) Rose: I'm sorry about what I have to do *Rose shot her arrow at Fiona and Fiona dies and Violet stares and snaps Snows neck on accident and some solders come and drag Rose and Violet away into a room like cell* Violet: Rose! Why did you do that? Rose: She was going to let the capitol suffer like we did! Go through the same thing we had to! Violet: But you killed Fiona! Rose: She deserved it! Violet: *sighs* Never mind (The twins are stuck in the room for days and the days turned into weeks and Rose became 8 months into her pregnancy) Violet: When do you think we can leave? Rose: Soon I hope (Gale walks into their cell) Rose: hey Gale Gale: You two are free to go Rose: But what happened? Gale: Everything is fine Violet: what happened? Gale: *sighs* you two were put on trial for killing Fiona. Good shot by the way Rosa Rose: *Rolls her eyes* Thanks, but we are free to go? Gale: yes, you two were proven not guilty Rose: not guilty? Violet: Gale, I'm confused what do you mean Gale: Well when Rosa here shot Fiona, everyone was surprised. All but your parents and Crush. After getting the dead bodies off the stage… *Rose puts her arms around her belly with a small gasp and her eyes widen* Violet: *puts her hand on Rose's shoulder* Rose, are you ok? Rose: *quickly shakes her head with a few tears in her eyes* get Crush here now Gale: Oh no, Violet her water broke Violet: Gale, go get Crush and aunt Prim, right now Gale: But… Violet: Now! *Rose screams in pain* Crush: *Runs in the room with worry clearly shown on his face with Prim fallowing behind him* Rose! *Crush moves Violet out of the way and grabs Rose's hand and Violet grabs her other hand as Prim gets Rose ready* Prim: Rose, Sweetheart this will hurt so will you please calm down *a long 6 hours later, Crush stays by Rose's side as Prim helps Rose through the painful process of childbirth they hear a child's cry* Prim: It's a boy Rose: *weakly smiles at Crush* Crush: You did it Rose *he kisses her cheek *Prim hands the little boy that is now wrapped in a blanket to Rose* Violet: What's his name? Rose: *looks at Crush* you can pick Crush: Rose, why? Rose: you're his dad, and if you didn't take part in him we wouldn't be with any children Crush: *looks at the little boy in Rose's arms* how about Ash Jasper Everdeen Rose: Ash *looks at Ash* that's a perfect name. but Everdeen? Why not your last name? Crush: I don't have one; I was disowned from my family for leaving my home district Rose: Then you are a part of a family Crush: whos? Rose: ours Months later Crush and Rose got married and now live happily in District 12 with the rest of the Everdeens. Violet found a young man her age (which at the time the twins turned 18) whose name is Andy and Carlisle found the girl of his dreams named Ava. Peeta and Katness are proud grandparents of Amy and Lilly (who changed their names and turn 4) and the now 4 month old Ash. Amy's new name is now Emily and goes by Emma. Lilly's new name is now Alice but goes by Ally. Prim and Rory got married and are now celebrating Prim's 25 th birthday with their two kids (Both Rory's kids Prim's step-kids). The capitol is now being rebuilt in honor of the ones that died to get rid of the games. The Snow family is mourning the death of the old president all but one. President Snow's son Oliver is seeking revenge on the Everdeens and is secretly plotting on a new version of the games... (Rose narrating with Violet and Crush) Rose: After the games it was happy my girls Ally and Emma both don't mind about me and Crush being their adopted parents and are happy about their new baby brother Ash Violet: I'm still proud about my nieces and nephew; I see a lot of Rose and Me in Ally and Emma. Crush: I see that too, Ally is Rose and has that knack of archery Rose: Emma is more like Violet with her hardheadedness. Violet: *Rolls eyes* Ash even though he is still a baby he is the perfect mix of Rose and Crush Rose: yeah, But the games we all were in still hunts us. Crush: There are times when Rose can't even get out of bed thinking that if she does she will have to go to the reaping. Violet: I been copeing with the nightmares, but not well Rose: there are days I'll just go into the woods and stay there by my mum's lake for the rest of the days. Crush: Other days, I try to distract myself with my kids. (Emma is narrating with Ally) Emma: It is hard to watch mum and dad with the pain in their eyes thinking of those horrid games they were in. Ally: Even grandma and grandpa still have nightmares over them (Ash starts to babble) Emma: But if those games come back we would do what we can for Ash Ally: We would do anything for our baby brother Emma: it really scares us hearing Mum screaming at night about a mutant that's not there Ally: and when we see Aunt Violet going to the woods and chucking heavy rocks Emma: I just wish they will be better and the games don't come back so we won't have to go through the horror Ally: yeah, I don't want to kill any one Emma: me too The End (Or is it?) ","Summary":" A Year later District 13 Violet: I hope this will be over soon Katniss: We will get through this… ("},{"Movie":"Hunger","Title":"The 88th Annual Hunger Games","Author":"mattgrimplin278","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10061675","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I woke up crying, I felt that if everything in my body has stopped moving. I heard a scream coming from my brother. \"Be quit Zac, or else our neighbors will complain!\" I yelled at him, he was crying because the day had come, The Reaping. It seemed like it had come by so fast. The Reaping is where they choose one boy and one girl to fight in an arena to the death. I personally think that it is cruel to do that. There are twelve districts and twenty-four kids in it. It goes through the ages twelve to eighteen. This year is Zac's first year in The Reaping. My name is Jake Thompson, brother of Zac Thompson. I walked up to Zac and laid our outfits for The Reaping on the bed. \"Don't worry Zac, you won't get picked, your name is only in the bowl two times\" \"But what about you! Your name is in there eighteen times!\" The only reason I'm in there is because I have to feed the family. As I walked up to my friends houses I started to wonder, what if they get picked? They wouldn't stand a chance. \"Hey, Jake!\" Dylan my friend had popped out of the bushes like a ghost, because I couldn't see him. \"Do not do that again, and aren't you just so excited about The Reaping?\" We started walking towards our other friends house, John, and hopefully he doesn't try to scare me as much as Dylan did. I knocked on the door and his mom answered. \"He's out playing in the woods\" His mom said. That was usually code for \"He's out hunting for food \"We both walked over to the \"So called electric fence\" And we climbed through the spot that wasn't electrified. We only had three more hours until The Reaping came. I walked up to a bush and I grabbed my throwing knifes and I watched as Dylan grabbed his bow and arrows. We heard a branch snap and we quickly ran over to it. \"John!\" Dylan whispered very loudly. \"What the hell. Dylan!\" He yelled like he was furious at Dylan and I. We returned to each others homes and each of us had two squirrels. \"Jake\" Said Zac \"Ya Zac?\" \"What if I get picked? What'll happen?\" He replied \"Well you will go to the arena and then try your heart out to survive\" I heard my mom walk into the room and she told us how we would never get picked. ","Summary":" I woke up crying, I felt that if everything in my body has stopped moving. I heard a scream coming "},{"Movie":"Let Me In, 2010","Title":"Let Me In Epylonge","Author":"petepete112","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9227043","Passage":"[Chapter 1] hd[Chapter 2] hd[Chapter 3] hd[Chapter 4] hd ","Summary":" hd[Chapter 2] hd[Chapter 3] hd[Chapter 4] hd"},{"Movie":"Let Me In, 2010","Title":"Pittsburgh, a LetMeIn2 fan fiction","Author":"gkmoberg1","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8150040","Passage":"[Chapter 1] When good things happen to good people, that's good. When bad things happen to good people, that's bad. When good things happen to bad people, that's bad. When bad things happen to bad people, that's good. (A children's verse used to remember positive/negative outcomes for multiplication and division.) ~oOo~oOo~oOo~oOo~oOo~ Marshall-Shadeland, Pittsburgh, PA. January 2nd, 1984. 7:30pm \"Hello?\" a thin lone voice faintly rang down the otherwise quiet street. Randy shivered on his parent's front porch in the evening's darkness. At the far end of the block, opposite from where the thin voice had faintly come, his parent's aged Pontiac turned the corner to the right. A trailing snake of grey exhaust rolled after it before dissipating. They would be gone for hours, off to see his aunt. He viewed the tired, monotonous scene of Woodland Avenue. Street lights on the corners, houselights and the occasional porch light lit the street for him. Nearly identical two story wooden houses, each with their own porch and off centered steps, sat shoulder to shoulder, right up to the sidewalk on both sides of the street. No space was left for anything except sidewalk, curb and telephone poles. Everything here was aging, fading, decaying. The winter grime and the peeling paint made it look all the worse. He waited, flexing his toes inside his Keds in an attempt to keep warm. Most of the house porches were decorated with strings of Christmas lights. These drifted to and fro in the occasional light breeze. Only a few were lit. Most second floor windows held a single candle, centered on the sill within. Christmas trees were visible in some first floor family rooms. Randy slid his hands into the front pockets of his Sears-brand jeans and crunched down the frozen steps. He stood by himself on the sidewalk, alone in the night air. Cars, none of them new, lined both sides of the street. Remnants of the scant inch of snow Pittsburgh had received covered parts of the sidewalk. Time and cold had hardened most of the snow into ice, which then had been blackened by car exhaust. \"Hello?\" again drifted the same voice across the cold, crisp emptiness. This, his lonely hell, stretched to the right and left. He glanced back behind at his own house, but the porch was empty and the front door was shut. A renewed breeze stung at his face and gave the hanging Christmas light strands some movement. As Randy waited for Dale to show up, a lone wind chime gave off a series of brittle notes in the cold air. He thought about going back inside. A car, a heavy American sedan, turned the corner and moved up the street. He counted off his irritations with Dale. Randy almost wanted the guy not to show up. Three years ago they had been best friends. High school had been a blast and they had daily hung together. Mike and Robert had been part of the crew then. At least they were still cool. These days Dale was a pain to be around – if you could find him. \"Hello?\" rang the voice yet again, quietly. This time he caught a movement, however slight, about four or five houses away. Somebody, a neighbor he did not know, standing on a front porch on his side of the street was looking into a picture window and tapping at it lightly. The angle of looking through the consecutive porches, each draped with their holiday lights and abandoned plant hangers, made it difficult to see who it was. There remained no sign of Dale. He turned and climbed back up onto his own porch. The heavy sedan chugged by as he watched distractedly. The leaded gasoline engine thudded and the frozen street surface caused the Lincoln's rumble to vibrate the cold scene all that much more. The exhaust hung in the air. It smelled different than the exhaust of the newer unleaded fuels. This smell was stronger, more caustic. Dale, meanwhile, drove one of the Renault Le Car imports that had started to show up. The thing was a joke as far as Randy was concerned. But Dale had bought it with his parent's help and, well, Dale now had a car whereas he didn't. The sedan rolled up past the porch where the unknown neighbor was standing by the picture window. \"Idiot,\" he announced into the night. Dale was late - yet again. No surprise. How could he and the others put together a band and make some money if their drummer was forever someplace else? He and Dale were to work out some of the parts for Daddy Don't Live Here Anymore . It was yet another awesome Donnie Iris song; the guy was a genius. \"Anybody?\" drifted his way, the voice trailing off to a whispered cry. It was a girl's voice. The resignation was clear. He realized he should be able to see her and tried to peer through the darkness and the intervening porch clutter. He caught the movement of her turning and sitting down into a porch chair. A hood covered over her head and face, and as he watched her head drooped in defeat. He had no idea who she was. In fact he didn't know anyone that far up the street. What annoyed Randy more than Dale's lateness was his choosing the Le Car. The tinfoil car. The dude should have bought the AMC Gremlin. Randy had found it a couple streets over, marked for sale at a good price. But the Gremlin was white and Dale wanted red, so Dale – Idiot Dale - had bought the pathetic Le Car. \"Hi?\" came the girl's voice, louder. This time it sounded more hopeful yet without confidence. Randy looked. The girl had risen from her chair and was facing him directly, leaning on her porch railing. He could make her out only by silhouette. A porch light, turned on some distance behind her, allowed him to see the form of her shoulders, arms and head. \"Uh, hi,\" he replied, still not recognizing her. \"I'm locked out,\" she said after a pause. He looked at her silhouetted form without much of any thought. His mind was a mosaic of thoughts with nothing connecting: A strange girl, No Dale, Parents away for the evening, their endless fussing over Aunt Carol's birthday, His lack of a job, His sister upstairs trying to ignore the world. \"Can you help me?\" she continued when he didn't respond. \"Uh, yeh.\" She took the steps down from her porch and headed towards him. This is going to be awkward, he thought. Over the blackened snow she steadily made her way to him. But as she got closer he saw she was barefoot. No socks. No shoes. Dressed in a hooded sweatshirt and skirt, she came into the light of his porch and stopped. With eyes that looked pained she squinted up at him and whispered in a flat voice. \"You're going to think I'm stupid.\" \"Yeh, stupid,\" he agreed. \"But you're talking to King Stupid, so don't think you're anything special.\" That got a smile from her. She put a hand on the railing and stepped up onto the porch. The smile, although brief, was pretty on her face. She ended up directly below the light embedded in the porch ceiling. The light put her face, cloaked by her sweatshirt hood, back into shadow. Yet he could tell she was looking away, avoiding his eyes. She was shorter than him. If she was a teenager, it was but barely. \"Uh, you better come in,\" he decided, staring at her bare feet. Sheesh, he thought, no way he'd be as calm as her, walking barefoot down the sidewalk like that. \"You have to invite me in.\" She said. He noticed how the lower part of her face tensed. There was an imploring quality to her tone. \"You have to say it: you can come in.\" # # #[Chapter 2] In ten minutes they pulled into a driveway belonging to a small, single-story home. \"You have to say I can come in,\" Abby suddenly piped up. \"You have to say it: you can come in.\" The driver looked puzzled, but he acceded to Abby's request: \"You can come in,\" he said. [ Kyle, Lee. 'Chapter 2: Denver.' Let Me In 2 . FanFiction Net (2011) ] ~oOo~oOo~oOo~oOo~oOo~ Marshall-Shadeland, Pittsburgh, PA. January 2nd, 1984. 7:43pm \"You can use the phone in the kitchen.\" He had allowed her in. He couldn't very well turn away a neighbor, despite their never having met. Dad would box his ears! He did not want to handle dad were he to find that his son had turned away a girl who had neither a coat nor shoes and was locked out of her house. Yet he didn't want her here. She was going to be in the way. The practice needed to happen tonight . He reached around her brusquely and shut the front door. \"Oh, ok. Thanks,\" she said with a stolid countenance. Standing barefoot on the circular braided rug inside the front door, her head slightly tilted and her eyes wandering the interior, he watched as she took in the atmosphere of his house, seemingly smelling, hearing and sensing all at the same time. She trailed behind him through the house's small interior. He was not sure what to do. Hopefully she would be gone soon. The basement needed to be set up. If Dale were here, well, right, this wouldn't be a problem. Arriving at the phone, mounted on of the wall of the kitchen, he turned to her. The house's lighting revealed she had a quiet comeliness. The manner by which the hood and her hair wrapped her face plus the shape of her eyes caught his attention. He wanted to look at those eyes but without her knowing. He decided they betrayed uneasiness. In turn they made him uneasy too. Initially they were focused on him but then moved away. They continued to take in his house, his kitchen. Yet they were saying something else. He could not yet interpret what the emotion might be. Perhaps it was fear – fear of being in a stranger's house or having to resolve being locked out and thus at the mercy of someone she didn't know. That seemed likely but even so it didn't fit the look on her face. A series of thumps above them heightened the uneasiness. It was his sister Amy moving about her room. His visitor stood at the entrance to the kitchen and warily eyed the ceiling. Then she glanced back at him, almost fearful. \"I better go.\" \"No. Stay.\" He made sure to catch her eye before continuing. \"You can use the phone.\" He moved passed her and into the front room so as to give her some space. Turning, he watched as she lifted the almond colored receiver from its holder. Its height on the wall was just an inch or two above her head. He realized his action was cutting off her line of escape. Not that she needed one. But if she did, he was now in the way. Perhaps she perceived the same thing? No, her face continued the same steady look. Her eyes alternated between him and the ceiling. Again he felt she was sensing the house. Don't parents, he wondered, tell their kids not to go into stranger's houses? Better yet: don't parents tell their kids not to allow strangers in? Yes, and that was his mistake, he decided. \"Thanks,\" she said and turned to one side focusing now upon the phone in her hand. The phone's long cord, dangling to her bare ankles, swung with her movement. While she dialed he returned to the front door. He felt a relief in not being near her. Peering out, he saw no sign of Dale. Randy decided to open the door and leave it ajar in hopes he might yet show up. The sound of the rotary action of the kitchen phone stopped. He stood by the front door looking through its window. Another car drove by but without slowing down. He needed Dale to be here. Realizing the number of strokes she had dialed didn't make sense, he left the door and went back to see what she was doing. She was probably stealing something in the kitchen. \"No one is answering,\" she said as he approached. Her expression was not what he expected. She reached and put the phone back into its wall cradle. He wondered why she didn't look dejected. Rather she made her statement and did so without any emotional accompaniment. It crossed his mind that something else might be going on. Perhaps she is running away and so doesn't really want to talk to her parents. Yet, he decided, if she were running away or was a runaway something as obvious as shoes wouldn't have been forgotten. No, she was locked out. Clearly not very smart. Pretty… pathetic. He couldn't let this go and decided to dig a little bit. \"So, what happened... that you got locked out?\" He enjoyed adding a condescending edge to his voice. \"I- I was sleeping. I-\" She was interrupted by more noise from above. It was nothing, simply Amy shutting a drawer; however, it was somehow putting this girl in distress. \"When I got up it was dark and I didn't see or hear anyone,\" she continued, looking back to him. \"I ended up out front looking for them. I didn't mean it?\" She scrunched up her face as she ended with the question. He stared at her hard. So she had wandered outdoors by herself and allowed the door to close behind her. He was not sure he wanted to believe her. If she had a name it had better be Freak. She met the challenge of his stare. Her face fell back to the prior plain expression and she glared back. Anew he took in her stance and demeanor. He had been wrong about interpreting her as being uneasy. Only in the moments of her reacting to Amy's noises was she actually uneasy. For as strange as this girl was and as stupid as her story was, what she projected was confidence. Somehow this entire encounter was not upsetting to her in the manner he kept thinking it should be. \"I can go, if you want.\" \"I need to set up things in the basement,\" he informed her, ignoring her statement. \"We can try the phone again in a couple minutes.\" She nodded. He moved to the basement door and opened it. Freak followed along quietly. The light switch for the basement was on the wall inside the entry. He flipped it on as he stepped through and started down the stairs. The wood steps, descending a dozen or so treads to the cement basement floor and flanked on one side by the concrete wall of the house foundation, were well worn. Randy heard her on the steps as she started down behind him, heard the creak of the worn railing as her hand moved along it. But then he was distracted by the scattered band equipment. The drum kit was assembled but the guitars were still crated, following last night's New Year's Eve event. He needed to unpack these, find the cords and return the amps to the positions they used here for practicing. The guitar cases were easy to lift and swing to their spots. He grabbed the mic stands and their bases and hauled them into the center of the room. Next he pulled the packing box away from the basement's rear bulkhead entrance and opened the cardboard flaps. All the loose items were inside. Randy's head danced with images of last night. He, Dale, Joe and Sam had played here in the basement many times. But last night was the first time they had tried it together, on stage, for real. The moment had been electrifying. Suddenly the talk of becoming a band was serious. The other kids at the club had been excited by their songs. When they had finished everyone was jumping around, cheering for them, asking when they were going to do it again. Even Cassandra, with her beautiful eyes, had come over and told him how great they sounded. She was the last person he figured would pay him a compliment. However amidst all the noise she had been right up next to him, smiling and yelling encouragement in his ear. That moment had made the entire evening worth it. He had experienced a rush of excitement in having her so close to him, in her rising up onto tip-toe so as to get close. At midnight, that magical moment when the world ticked over into 1984, he searched for her, hoping for a little bit more of the impossible. But he couldn't find her. A minute later, with his hands full of rolled cables, he came back to the present. He realized his little guest had not made a sound. He had forgotten about her. Randy glanced back at the stairs, some ten feet away. She was there, watching him intently. Her dirty bare feet stood on different stair treads. The hood of her sweatshirt was still worn over her head yet he could see her face. It was clear she had been there for a while, standing motionless in a crouch, two steps down from the top. Suddenly all his focus was on her. The Peter Frampton tune they had sung last night and that had been replaying in his head came to an abrupt halt. There was nothing but silence. She locked eyes with him, her face set in a very determined look. Then one arm began to reach upwards along the wall. Between the two of them, it was the only movement. Their eyes remained locked; her intensity demanded it. His mind raced ahead and realized where her hand was going: she was going to turn off the light. \" Don't! \" he barked at her. Freak's hand stopped. It pressed against the cement wall behind her and her fingers splayed along its roughness. She didn't break eye contact with him. All he could see were those eyes. Those eyes. Yes it was confidence - a grim, cold confidence - they were projecting. He did not understand what her motivations might be or if he was right in suspecting her intention. But the hairs on the nape of his neck rose and a twinge crossed his chest from shoulder to shoulder. Amy was two floors about him, out of earshot. Nobody else was in the house. He suddenly grasped he was alone, isolated, with this girl between him and any escape. Slowly, deliberately, her hand renewed its course, upwards. Without warning a loud crack erupted above them. They heard the front door strike the wall as it was flung fully open. A voice boomed \"Hey, hey, hey, hey!\" Four loud steps swept over Randy's head and a presence rounded the corner into the basement entry. The girl flinched and moved down a step. \"Woah!\" announced the newcomer, coming to a halt, \"Who do we have here?\" # # #[Chapter 3] Pittsburgh, Part Three Marshall-Shadeland, Pittsburgh, PA. January 2th, 1984. 7:49pm Dale stood atop of the basement stairwell, Randy at the bottom. The two nineteen year olds were of similar build. Both were of average height and weight. Both had the same style of shoulder length wavy black hair. When viewed from a distance, either could be mistaken for the other. Between them the barefoot girl wavered against the basement wall and looked up at Dale. Her presence, a surprise, had brought him to a halt. He had been about to bound down and to join Randy in the prep work and eventual practicing. Instead, Dale felt an unsettled tension bordering on explosive. He grasped at figuring out what was going on. She looked small standing against the wall four steps down from him. However despite her comparatively slight form, her dirty bare feet along with her stance and expression presented like a cornered animal. With suspicion he turned his attention to Randy. Had Randy done something to her? Had- had Randy taken her shoes?! Nobody spoke. His friend stood near the bottom of the stairs, arms full of cables. Dressed in his usual, a white t-shirt with Four Star Pizza emblazoned across the chest, Randy's face was twisted in a look that expressed a mix of emotions. Randy looked irritated, that was clear, but he was often this way. Dale knew the look very well. However was there -in addition- an expression of fear? Seconds ticked by and as the tension released towards awkwardness Dale realized Randy was not going to answer him. Neither was the girl. Randy was not going to because he couldn't, Dale guessed. This was typical Randy. He, who could play guitar so well and had a voice capable of catching a room's attention, always stumbled over social interactions. Randy wasn't going to answer him because most likely he had never asked this girl her name. He simply did not know. Dale sighed. He didn't know how this moment had developed, but however this barefoot girl had come to be standing here on these stairs, it was through something unexpected. Dale certainly didn't know her, and he was familiar enough with Randy to know she was indeed somebody new. She might be an acquaintance of Randy's younger sister Amy, but that seemed unlikely. If so, she would be off with Amy and not here on the basement stairs. It didn't make sense. Neither did the tension. Likely, Randy had been in the process of something else, something that had put such uneasiness into the air. Yet Dale could not fathom what that might be. He hoped it wasn't worse than Randy's normal rudeness. Randy's limitations were a friction everyone in their circle had to deal with. Dale squatted and then dropped his legs onto the stair treads in front of him. This took away the height advantage and now his eyes met nearly level with hers. \"Hi, I'm Dale,\" he said, trying to sound friendly. \"Abby,\" the girl responded. \"Well, pleased to meet you.\" A nod in reply made him smile. Dale lived to be with people. A stranger was merely a friend yet to be made. The exchange seemed to disarm her. The sense of an impending explosion, the tenseness that had hung in the air, eased back a notch. \"Dale!\" interjected Randy loudly from the base of the stairs. The tension returned. Randy was glaring up the stairwell at him. \"About time. About time!\" Dale rolled his eyes at Abby. \"What?\" he said to Randy without looking away from her. \"I came straight from work. Told you I was off at seven thirty. Right?\" Give it a rest he wanted to add, but didn't. Dale looked down at his friend. \"No, I mean her ,\" Randy responded, punctuating this with a wild swing of cables. This was a tactic Randy's commonly used. Dale knew Randy's \"About time!\" exclamations regarded the punctuality of his arrival. If Dale was getting off work at seven thirty, then Randy could be expected to make the jump that Dale would be at the basement *at* seven thirty. Ridiculous, of course. Yet when this was brought up, as he had just done, Randy would shift the conversation and frustration on to something else. In this case, Randy was redirecting all towards Abby. Dale gave her a comical look, trying to relieve the situation. \"Ooooh, I seeeee.\" And then winked at her. \"Riiiiiight.\" He was trying his best to disarm things but could tell he was failing. The tension remained like a lightning bolt about to strike. She turned in a cat-like manner, focusing on Randy, her posture and balance changing. \"She's locked out,\" Randy blurted. \"Ouch, sorry,\" Dale said. He added \"Anything I can do?\" \"No,\" she said flatly, not looking back. \"Take her back up to the phone and have her retry her parents. Better yet, see that you dump her out on the front porch.\" A provoked look overran her. Rather than complying, she moved down the stairs. Her every move was defiant, smooth and strong. Dale was surprised to see Randy back off as Abby approached. This is … different, he thought. As Dale descended behind her, his footfalls contrasted loudly to her barefoot touches. He became fascinated by Randy's behavior. Clearly Randy was nervous to be close to Abby. The scowl on his face reinforced this. It was a look not lost on her. As he reached the bottom of the stairs, Dale stepped passed Abby. She barely came up to his chest. \"What's going on, Randy?\" Abby couldn't be more than fourteen. She was nothing to be frightened about. \"Her.\" Randy responded, refusing to look at him. \"Well, how did she get here? Did you let her in?\" \"Yes, but only to use the phone.\" Dale looked back at Abby. She had moved back up the stairs a couple of steps and was quietly watching them from the railing. She hardly looked dangerous – or so he wanted to think. But instead Dale found himself pondering how she had the two of them cut off from the rest of the house. He didn't like this; things felt different now that he was down in the basement. There was an eeriness, a chill, he had not anticipated. \"Okay… let's try something.\" Dale suggested, moving to a different tact at breaking the ice. \"Let's start with a bit from that Crack The Sky song you had us playing last week.\" He hoped that pulling something from Randy's interest list might calm him. \"And let's put you on drums and I'll do the guitar.\" This was met, at last, with a smile from Randy. Dale was relieved to see the tension ebb. Randy forever wanted to be on drums. Dale quickly gave him a primer on how approach playing the song. \"Is this going to be loud?\" asked Abby. \"No,\" Dale responded. \"He's going to use a brush technique on the snare. It won't be loud. I'll play the acoustic. Is that okay?\" He looked at her, genuinely interested to know. \"Okay.\" \"Or you can wait upstairs,\" added Randy. Dale shot a look at Randy and then said \"How about if you be our audience Abby, okay?\" She nodded and stayed where she was, leaning on the railing. With Randy having settled into the brush stroke, Dale took a seat on a stool between them. \"This is called A Night on the Town,\" he said to her. \"It's kinda catchy. Maybe you'll like it too. Do you know Crack The Sky?\" \"No.\" \"Not a problem. Give this a listen and let me know what you think. Okay?\" \"Okay.\" \"But you have to be honest with me. And please, uh, I'm not our group's vocalist - he is.\" Dale added, referring back to Randy. She nodded without looking away from him. Starting with a light strum, Dale liked how the guitar's sound filled the air, brushing things away. He started off the song, his voice a little nervous at first. A night, on the town with you, We'll start for dinner here, it's tacos for two. A little candlelight and a lot of cheer, Well, I'll help you clear this mess up, Then we're outa here. Abby gave Dale a wan smile and he returned it. Well, gee, you look swell, and I like your cologne. And it's such a nice night, I'm glad we're alone. How 'bout a movie, a drink or a dance? Well my funds are kinda low, but I'm high on romance. For the first time since having arrived Dale felt the room was freeing from its earlier tension. Abby continued to watch with a bemused look as he went into the chorus. He almost forgot to keep singing, distracted by the chord pattern change. He barely knew this song's guitar part. And I knew you'd be the kind of girl I'd love to spend my time with. From the moment that we met I think we knew, That nothing could be better, than the time we spend together. And as long as it's forever, there'll be plenty to do. That felt good, he thought. Time for the second verse. Well let's take a subway and get off at Times Square… But he was getting the chords wrong. \"No!\" interjected Randy, adding a sudden wallop on the snare drum and high hat simultaneously. Abby flinched. So too did Dale. And in that moment Dale realized Randy had noticed and would likely use it again on Abby. \"Come on Randy, give me a break, I'm just learning this one.\" \"It's in D-major. I don't know what you're doing but it's D-Major, not whatever you're trying to do.\" \"I don't want to be here anymore,\" said Abby. Neither did Dale, and he let her know with a sympathetic look. As so often he did with Randy, Dale brushed off the effrontery and tried a different approach. Reaching into the packing box on the floor, he spotted and lifted out one of the microphones. He plugged it into their tape deck. \"Okay, let me try it again,\" he said to Randy. \"I'll be a little slower. Ready?\" He had been planning on snapping the mic into a stand but it was out of reach. Hoping against hope for a friendlier outcome, he held the microphone out to Abby and flicked it on. \"Here, you hold onto this gently and I'll play this one bit again.\" As she hesitantly took it from Dale through the open railing, he continued, \"I'll run you home or wherever you want to go right after this. Okay?\" This seemed to be what she wanted to hear. She nodded and there was a lift to her that he took to mean he was going in the right direction. \"Hey, good,\" he encouraged. A feeling of relief passed between them; an escape from the basement was soon at hand. \"Okay, okay, hold it like this…\" and he repositioned it in her hands. It was the first time they had touched and he noticed how cool her hands felt. He wondered, almost aloud, how long had Randy left her out in the cold? He felt he was pushing to have her do this, but his intention was to cheer her up, maybe even Randy, even if only a little. \"What would be fantastic is that as I sing the part again, go ahead and add a doo-whop or hmm-mm-mm if you can.\" He was having trouble with her eyes. Were they stressed, angry, aggrieved? He couldn't tell. \"We'll add it to the master recording. Okay? Hey…\" he tried a smile and got a glimmer of one back from her. \"This is just for fun.\" He tried a couple of strums on the acoustic to get himself back into the song's rhythm. Behind him Randy gently fell into the same rhythm and followed along. Being aware of her discomfort Dale decided to keep it short. He started to sing, skipping the verse and simply going for the chorus. \" Well gee you look swell, and I like your cologne \" Dale gave her his best encouraging smile and as he watched she tentatively tried an \"oo-oooh\" into the mic. \" And it's such a nice night, I'm glad we're alone.\" And then again she sang \"oo-oooh\" her eyes looking at his and his alone. \" How about a movie, a drink or a dance? Well my money's kinda low but I'm high on romance.\" His strumming ended with a couple off-beat trills. He felt he had done the right thing. He could tell from Abby's look that this was enough. It was unfair to keep her here in this situation. A cramp seemed to strike through her, causing her to grimace. Yes, this was far enough. Too far. Randy could take a hike if he objected, but it was time to resolve whatever needed to be done to help this locked out girl. \"Hey, that's enough.\" he said firmly to Randy. Turning back to Abby he added \"You're a champ.\" He wanted to add more but she was still grimacing with one arm across her stomach. \"Randy, hey, I'm going to run her home. You want to come along?\" \"No. I'm staying here.\" Dale preferred that, actually. \"Okay, dude, you do that. I'll be back.\" \"Ready?\" Dale asked of Abby and saw her nodding. \"Okay, great. Okay… \" and he took the microphone back from her and put it on the floor. \"Hey Randy – be back.\" Dale realized he needed to make this escape, take her along, and hoped Randy would be in a better mood later. \"Bye, Dale,\" Randy announced. His exclusion of Abby was clear and intentional. It caused both Dale and Abby to turn and look at him. Randy was staring again at Abby. Something passed between them, involving a dismissive flick of Randy's hand toward her. Dale felt embarrassed; he wanted to flee, to escape. Randy mouthed single word at her, \" freak .\" Dale didn't catch it, thought Randy had said something else. But she caught it and glowered back. Dale didn't know how to react. His annoyance and discomfort with Randy – especially as put to light in front this young stranger – was beyond what he could handle. \"Come on,\" Dale said to her quietly and encouragingly. He passed her and started up the stairs. Randy watched, still seated at the drum kit. For a moment Randy and Abby glared at each other. Then she turned and looked up at the departing figure of Dale. This seemed to give her a new strength. Her defiance at Randy changed over to a determined look as she took one step and then more, faster, up the stairs, following Dale. An enthusiasm was returning to her step as she rose. Randy heard them overhead moving across the floor and out onto the porch. Dale's footsteps were loud; hers were quick and light - overtaking. \" Good riddance!\" Randy thought and broke into a spastic drum solo, beating out his frustrations. # # # A/N: As with the mention of Donnie Iris in the prior chapter, Crack the Sky (CtS) was a popular upcoming act, popular at the time for this region of the eastern seaboard. Their album 'Safety In Numbers', where the song 'A Night on the Town (With Snow White)' is found, was well known to local musicians and garage bands. The group's catchy & non-standard lyrics and unusual song constructions made them the trendy group to pay attention to. CtS differed starkly and nicely against Donnie Iris' power-chord driven mainstream rock. You can find this song, 'A Night on the Town', on youtube. I was surprised and delighted to find there a set of vids called 'Crack the Sky Pittsburgh 2011 ...\". (2011! ) Thus the group remains active, as with Donnie Iris, and it's great to see them doing these numbers live. Donnie Iris was another regional sensation. His song \"Ah! Leah!\" plus one or two others went national but he had many more songs charting on regional radio stations than the few that became known across the US. 'King Cool', another of his songs, is referred to by Randy back in the first chapter, but I'd bet Abby didn't catch on. Btw, my motivation for all this has not been to promote a pair of bands. Rather I've sought to include elements that would make sense for this point in time (Jan 1984). Randy and Dale, two recent high school guys making those first steps into whatever comes next after graduation, love the music scene that is around them - which for the Pittsburgh area certainly included Donnie and CtS. # # # A/N: Update 27-Dec-2012 to correct a good number of ambiguous pronoun references. # # # Abby says it's okay with her if you leave a Review. Randy would prefer you don't, unless you're going to mention him.[Chapter 4] It was time to pursue a much more basic objective: survival. [ Kyle, Lee. 'Chapter 8: Cherokee.' Let Me In 2 . FanFiction Net (2011) ] ~oOo~oOo~oOo~oOo~oOo~ Marshall-Shadeland, Pittsburgh, PA. January 4th, 1984. 1:12pm The tape recorder Play button locked into the down position with a firm click. Instantly the speakers came to life and the tape reels started to move. The unit was capable of playing good quality stereo however this recording was low quality mono. The voice of a sprite young girl burst from the speaker, and Agent Alvirez adjusted the volume as she spoke. \" This is the Millers. Yup, we're not answering the phone. If you want to leave a message for Amy, Randy, Richard or Susan wait for the beep. Then do your thing. Remember: say cheeeeeese!\" The musical lilt to her voice, especially when she sang out \" Amy ,\" sounded out of place here in the conference room of the police station. This had until yesterday been the family's phone message. Now it was something else: evidence. Alvirez had met Amy an hour ago at the house on Woodland Avenue, and yet he hadn't recognized her voice. The Amy he had met and from whom he had, with effort, coaxed a few words, was no longer the one who had recorded this happy salutation. He had met the darkened, shell shocked Amy. The Amy who had recorded this cheery message was lost, torn away from the innocent life where her fourteen year old life had been. It was part of the aftermath he had to sort through. \"Amy,\" he had started. She had been sitting by her mother's side on the couch of the family's front room. \"I know what you saw when you got to the basement. I'm not going to make you go through that again.\" He had waited for a response but there was nothing. \"Is there anything you can add as to what might have been happening earlier? Did you hear or see anything?\" She responded with a wave of her head and a whispered \"No.\" Did you know anyone was here in the house? Even that…\" \"No,\" again. And that had been it, all he could manage from her. The agent wondered if Owen was even aware of the living nightmare that followed behind them. It was not Owen but instead he who got to glimpse the wreckage. Not of the victims but of the survivors. The looks, the shock, the depression were things the agent had seen far too many times during his years with the Bureau. And he knew it was only a glimpse. In the coming days he would be elsewhere – back in New York and Brooklyn where things were only beginning to get exciting. But for this family, minus one, there would be no escape from the grief. Their grief would stretch out in front of them for years – probably decades. The answering machine's beep followed a second or two later. There was only one message. \" Randy, this is Dale. Hey, I've come back to my house to grab a bite. Sorry dude, but I was starving. I'll get back over there in a little bit. Just let me eat something first. \" I dropped off Abby. Lights were on at her house. I was going to wait until she got through the front door but she ran around back and, well, I couldn't see her after that. Girl needs shoes, man! \" Anyway, catch up with you in a few. And, oh yeh, I think I left the basement mic and tape recorder turned on. Might want to turn that off, dude. Sorry. \" A second beep marked the end of the message. Alvirez understood it had been Dale's voice traveling up through the stairwell as he left the message that had brought Amy out of her bedroom. She had then ventured down to the basement to find out what was going on… The recording continued after a loud pop. This time the quality was better, yet still in mono. The tape Alvirez was listening to, the master tape assembled by the Pittsburgh unit, was the assemblage of the phone message recording and then the music recording from the basement. It started with the crumpling noise that gets picked up when mics are being handled. \"… here, you hold onto .. [crumpling noises] .. and I'll play this one bit again. I'll run you home or wherever you want to go right after this. Ok?... Hey, good… Okay, ok, hold it like this… What would be fantastic is that as I sing the part again, go ahead and add a doo-whop or hmm-mm-mm if you can. We'll add it to the master recording. Ok? Hey, this is just for fun .\" A couple of acoustic guitar strums followed, breaking into a rhythm. Behind that a drum beat gently came into the same rhythm and followed along with the guitar. A boy's voice sang. \" Well gee you look swell, and I like your cologne \" And then he heard it, a shy \"oo-oooh\" sung into the mic. \" And it's such a nice night, I'm glad we're alone.\" And then, yes, again, an \"oo-oooh\" sung by a hesitant female voice. \" How about a movie, a drink or a dance? Well my money's kinda low but I'm high on romance.\" The playing came to a faltering stop. \" Hey, that's enough. You're a champ. … Randy, hey, I'm going to run her home. You want to come along? \" \" No. I'm staying here .\" That must be Randy, which would then mean it was Dale who was singing. \" Okay, dude, you do that. I'll be back…. Ready? Okay, great. Okay… [crumpling noises] [clunk] Hey Randy – be back.\" \" Bye, Dale .\" That was Randy, a second time. Alvirez could hear the sound of persons walking up the stairs. Randy, who must have been on the drums, played a few more beats and then toyed noisily with the sticks. The basement tape had been copied to the master tape in its entirety. A lengthy period of silence was broken up by the occasional drumbeat or whistle. Then, a few footsteps were heard. Detective Howard of the Pittsburgh unit leaned towards Alvirez. \"Hang on through this. I left it all in for you. It gets interesting in a minute.\" Alvirez nodded. He was amazed that the girl's voice had been caught on tape. This was big. The movement of a stool could be heard. Guitar strumming began, breaking into the chord pattern for Behind Blue Eyes . Randy began to sing, stopping occasionally to double back and repeat lines. \"The kid's good,\" said Howard. Alvirez had to agree. Things came to an abrupt halt after the second time through \" But my dre-e-e-ams, they aren't as empty, [strumming] as my conscience seems to be. \" A gasp marked the end of playing, along with a chirp – which was likely a noise caused by the stool. \" Hey, how'd you get back in here? \" Randy's voice, accusingly. Howard hit the Pause button and looked Alvirez in the eye. \"Our guys have played this with headphones on. There is no sound of anyone on those stairs.\" He hit Play. \" You invited me in .\" Alvirez couldn't believe it. It was her! \" Yeh, but you left .\" \" I came back .\" \" What, you forget something… freak? \" \" No, not at all .\" Silence. \" What then? \" \" I should say I'm sorry. But I want you to know: I'm not .\" Alvirez struggled to make sense of what followed. There was a guttural hiss that exploded and disappeared as quickly as its onset. A noise, which was rather like an impact. The stool, banging several times across the concrete floor. Rustling, rustling. But little else. Again, Howard's unit had retained the entire recording. Nothing had been cut out. Five minutes of silence were followed by the ring of the telephone. The ringing was at some distance from the microphone. When the machine picked up he heard Amy's message, fainter from where the mic was laying on the basement floor. Then Dale's message. At no point had he heard another noise from his target. Nothing had been said, not another movement had been captured. But the worst part was yet to come. A minute later he heard the stairs creak. It was Amy, arriving to see why her older brother hadn't picked up when Dale called. Alvirez rubbed his temples and tried not to think of the scene she was walking into. But he had to; it was his job. She drew in a quick audible breathe and let out another, one that was impossible to forget. # # # ","Summary":" When good things happen to good people, that's good. When bad things happen to good people, that's "},{"Movie":"Hunger","Title":"Detention can be good","Author":"aloutte","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10054657","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I can't fucking believe this, I could be hiking today but I have to spend my entire day in stupid Saturday detention. I can't wait to graduate from District 12 High in 4 months, oh btw my name is Katniss, and did I mention I kind of really hate school. I'm not at all popular and only have one friend, his name is Gale, we grew up together, but he and his family had to move to New York a year ago because of his dads work. So Im alone, although where always talking to one another. I put my faded skinny jeans on along with a Hunger games T-shirt tucked in my pants along with my brown boots and a light leather jacket, its fall so it's kind of chilly. Im putting my hair into a braid when my sister Primrose, she likes being called Prim, walks in with her best friend Rue. When I look at them they're both wearing Dark washed skinny jeans, while Rue has on a black long sleeve shirt with a red scarf and black boots with her light brown afro-y hair out and Prim has a long white sleeve shirt and a brown scarf with matching knee high boots and her long wavy blonde hair down. Both girls are extremely beautiful and have flawless face. Just about every boy who sees them swoons. \"Hey girls\" \"Hey Katniss\" they reply together. They look at me at then at each other and start giggling. \"What?\" I have a hunch about why they're laughing. \"Aren't you going to dress nicely, I mean what if you meet a hot boy in detention?\" Prim ask. I stare at her for a moment then proceed to my bed, and throw a pillow at her. \"I'm spending my day in a chair being pissed off, I highly doubt I'll be paying attention to any boys,\" let alone any boy pay attention to me, I think. \"Well you never know, Kat. Your dream boy could walk in and you look…\" Prim trails of, both girls start laughing. Im starting to get aggravated. \"She doesn't look THAT bad Prim, but seriously Kat, you should put something else\" Rue explains to me, the only reason I don't get offensive by their remarks because they're only 16 so fashion and boys is the biggest thing in their life. So instead of arguing, I grab my phone and head out of the room. I'm in the car with my parents, who won't shut up about how disappointed they are. My dad is mostly talking; my mother is mainly giving me the 'this better never happen again' look. I don't see what the big deal I only skipped gym, only because I didn't feel like dealing with Clove and her stupid groupies: Glimmer, Foxface, and Octavia. They think they're the hottest shit in school when in reality they stupid bimbos who sleep with every boy they consider hot. They bullied me as a freshman and eventually stopped when they realized they weren't affecting me, and they moved on to their next victim. I have to admit, at first it bothered me but after 3 months of their bullshit I honestly stopped caring. They always made fun of the way I dressed, or how I always was quiet and how boys never hit on me. We pull up to the front of the office and my parents say goodbye, my mom only barley speaking to me. Once they drive off I start to walk in the school, I make my way through the empty halls finding the stairs easily, and heading up the 3rd floor where the library is. When I walk in there's only one other person, a boy who looked familiar, because he should. His name is Finnick; he's the captain of the swim team and on the debate team. He's tall, with green eyes, blonde hair and a nicely built body. From what I can see he has on khaki pant, black vans, and a blue collar shit that's tight enough to show off his muscles and compliment his eyes. For being a jock he's very intelligent and everyone, I mean everyone, adores him. When I see him around school he's usually by himself though. There are 2 rows and 3 tables in each row; Finnick is sitting in the second row on the left. He lifts his eyes from his book when he realizes there's someone in the room and gives me friendly smile, I return one. I take a seat in the first table to the right. When I take my seat a girl walks in, I don't think I ever seen her around. She's short with long brown wavy hair down the curve of her back and green eyes like Finnick but hers have this mad look to them. She has on faded skinny jeans with a black turtle neck, a red jacket and scuffed black boots. She walks to the table behind Finnick and takes a seat, slamming her beige shoulder book bag on the table. About two minutes another boy walks in, when I look up I see him standing at the door and I can't take my eyes off if him. He has short golden curl and memorizing blue eyes. He is wearing a pair of khaki pants and a skin tight black shirt that shows off his nicely built body extremely well, a red and white varsity jacket, so that means he must play a sport, and a pair of black sneakers. He starts walking towards the tables and I keep staring, I can't take my eyes off of him. \"May I sit here?\" he asks me. It takes me a second to realize he's talking to me. \"Um yeah go ahead.\" I say trying to hide the nerves in my voice. He sets down a large brown paper bag and takes the seat next to mine/ He smiles at me and I feel a warm feeling shoot threw my body. 'STOP WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU, you've never felt about this about a boy and you sure as hell aint starting now, snap out of it' I think to myself. It's true I never had a boyfriend, and only when crush when I was in middle school. I don't usually pay boys any mind, im not the girlfriend type. It's been at least 5 minutes and I keep catching myself take glances at him while he observes the room. walks in the room, his tie is half undone, 2 loose buttons on his white long sleeve shirt, his pants not pressed, it's barely noticeable but you can still see it, and his black pointy shoes not shiny as usual. \"Alright, NO cellphones, you WILL NOT sleep or talk, NO Screwin-\"he's cut off by the sound of the door and the sound of heavy boots. We all look, even , we all see the same sight, and tall boy with dark blond hair in a ponytail. He has on heavy brown-black boots ripped and extremely faded jeans, a black T-Shirt with the Nirvana Logo on it, and a long brown jacket to cover himself up that's not buttoned. \"Haymitch, here again I see\" says sarcastically \"Couldn't get enough of your pretty face\" He pauses, and walks toward me, I shift in my seat, \"well aren't you a good looking one, sweetheart\" \"Shouldn't you be in seat leaving me the fuck alone\" I reply and shoots me a look. \"Get in a seat Haymitch and don't try any bullshit today! I'll be right across the hall so y'all better behave, if I come in here and you're screwing around, it'll be another Saturday.\" He scowls at Haymitch while saying that. \"Thank you for that, I love the warnings, makes me scared as shit, I'll be the perfect boy, don't worry.\" Haymitch replies almost immediately with a low laugh. The blonde boy just sighs and throws his body back in the seat. \"Sit the hell down and shut up\" practically screams, then he walks out the room shutting the door with a loud thud.[Chapter 2] Im so sorry for the wait guys I know its been a while, there's no excuse and I promise to update more often. Thank you for reading my story. Again I'm really sorry but I hope y'all enjoy! (: It felt like I was there for hours but when I look at the clock I realize its only been 20 minutes ... I WANT TO SCREAM! I take a deep breath and just close my eyes. When I open them I look over at the blonde boy and he quickly looks away. I start to blush, I never do that. \"What the hell is wrong with you everdeen? Stop this nonsense\" I think to myself. I start to hear footsteps and loud boots, I know its haymitch. I hear them get closer and then they stop. \"Shit\" I think to myself. \"hello sweetheart\" I don't answer him, I'm just hoping he'll go away. He doesn't . \"Not one to talk huh?\" Still quiet. \"Alrighty then\" he then sits on the table right in front of me and now I have no choice but to look at him. \"Leave me alone,you're going to get us in trouble and so help me if you get me another Saturday\" I tell him quietly. \"Feisty and cute, I like\" this creepy smile comes on his face and I just want to slap it off if him. He tries to touch me and I fall back into my seat. \" touch me and I'll break you're hand\" \"Don't worry I'm just messing with you, you're not my type.\" He's laughing this deep and loud laugh and boy do I want to kill him. \"Alright newbies, listen up! is doing what he always does during this time of the day. Anyone wants to guess?\" We all stay quiet and just look at him. \"A shit, he's taking a shit\" \"how do you know that?\" Fininick asks with a disgusted look on his face. \"Trust me pretty boy, I've been here more than enough. Alright, that gives us 40 minutes to go down to the auditorium and get some food from the vending machine\" \"What's makes you think were going to leave here?\" Blonde boys ask \"Because were going to be here for another 7 hours and you're the only one who seemed smart enough to bring food.\" Haymitch says in a sarcastic voice \"I am kinda hungry,are you sure we won't get caught\" finnick asks. Haymitch walks over to him bends down toward his face. \"Why would you ever doubt me pretty boy? Detention is the one thing I do know\" Finnick just looked right at haymitch and rolled his eyes and sighed. \"my name is finnick not pretty boy\" \"Whatever you say. How about you sweetheart you coming?\" \"The name is katniss\" he walks back towards me and stands on the side of me. \"Aligh nisssss, you coming to get food or not?\" He says katniss in a way that makes me want to puke. Right when I was about my to say no my stomach started to growl \"I'll take that as a yes\" he walks over to the girl with the mad eyes and ask her if she's coming. She doesn't say anything she just grabs her bag and stands up. Haymitch gets this devious smile on his face. He and the mad girl start to walk to the door. Finnick follows them as soon as they pass him. He looks at me and I get up too. Right as we were going to go out the door blonde boy runs behind us. \"I'm only coming to make sure nothing bad happens\" he looks at me when he's done talking and I have go look away immedietly. \"Alright then kiddos let's go\" I take a deep breath and hope we don't get caught. ","Summary":" I can't fucking believe this, I could be hiking today but I have to spend my entire day in stupid S"},{"Movie":"Hunger","Title":"The 1st Hunger Games","Author":"KawaiiGirl53","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12863022","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Authors Note: This is my first Hunger Games fanfic so I hope you think its ok. I'm not used to writing this many POVs. As always constructive criticism is helpful but if you don't like it don't read it. The 1st Hunger Games The whole of Panem stopped as the presidents face appeared on the screen. President Rain spoke. \"To keep the people in check after the failed rebellion we will be hosting an annual event of The Hunger Games. Two tributes between the ages of 12 and 18 will be chosen and sent into an arena to fight to the death until only one is standing.\" Authors Note: As this is the first episode its really short but I promise they will get longer. Bye[Chapter 2] Authors Note: Really hoped you enjoyed this chapter. I'm going to write a chapter for every district reaping so if you don't want to read that skip ahead. The 1 st Hunger Games District 1: Maximus Hine 18 District 1 Male: Wake up. Train. Sleep. This is all I've been doing for the past year since the Hunger Games were announced. But, today it's finally my time. My time to volunteer. My time to win. Most children will be cowering in fear but not me I am ready to fight, ready to win. My alarm sounds at six as I jump out of bed. The day of the reaping. Quickly, I get dressed and head down for breakfast I see mum at the stove cooking pancakes. I feel I slight pang of guilt as I realise she doesn't know what I'm going to do but I quickly correct myself, I can't let myself feel. It's always been my mum and me and I realise if I die I will make her sad but if I kill I will make her disappointed. I grab a plate and sit down at the kitchen table. Eating quickly, I realise I should probably train. I know how to use nearly every weapon but just in case. A couple of hours later, I realised it was half twelve. I should probably get to the reaping. Mum caught me as I was walking out the door, \"Don't worry Max your names only in there ten times you won't be picked.\" Another pang of guilt went through me, remembering I was going to be killing people I instantly toughened up. Ten minutes later I was at the reaping. They pricked my finger and collected some of my blood; I walked over to the 18 year olds section, I didn't have any friends so I stood alone. The reaping started. The girls went first. Our escort drew a piece of paper out of the bowl, \"Annabeth Case\" she read out. Well I didn't know her, even though we all went to the same school. I saw her make her way up onto the stage, she didn't look petrified which surprised me; at least some people could keep their emotions in check. Then it was the boys turn, the name Dylan Tyler was read out. But before he could even step out of his section I ran to the middle and yelled, \"I volunteer!\" Every head turned to look at me as I made my way calm and collected to the stage. Annabeth Case 15 District 1 Female: Beep beep beep beep. My alarm went off as I opened my eyes groggily to see light streaming in my windows. Realising it was the day of the reaping I started to panic. I knew there was no point worrying though my name was only in the bowl seven times and plus if I did get picked I knew how to use a knife( I wasn't totally stupid either ). Walking down to breakfast I see my mum my dad and sister, Annabelle, she runs towards me and I lift her up and hug her, \"Morning Sissy!\" she yells in my face \"Morning to you too,\" I smile at her. Thank god she's only seven I couldn't bare it if she went into the Games. Setting her down, I walk over to the toaster and make myself some toast. Realising, this might be my last day at home and the last day seeing my family I settle down on the sofa and receive a hug from my parents and Annabelle; this is how it should be. Four and a half hours later, I, regrettably, have to get dressed and make my way to the reaping. When I reach the square the peace keepers take some of my blood then I move over to the fifteen year olds section. I spot my friend, Bella, I walk over to her. As soon as I reach her the reaping starts. The girls go first. Our escort draws out a piece of paper, time seems to stop. \"Annabeth Chase.\" At that point I strongly considered if I should run, realising that was stupid I make my way up onto the stage, tight lipped. If I'm going to be in these games I'm not going to cry about it. I just hope I can survive. My last thought is of Annabelle before I finally reach the stage. Authors Note: So that was district ones tributes what did you think, only 'sighs' eleven more districts to go. I won't be able to update for a few days since I'm going sleep at a friend's house. Sorry if this chapter is short, the reaping chapters will be, but the rest will be longer. Thanks for reading. Bye ","Summary":" Authors Note: This is my first Hunger Games fanfic so I hope you think its ok. I'm not used to writ"},{"Movie":"Hunger","Title":"El nuevo comienzo de la perdición y la verdad","Author":"Maki.gamishi","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10593525","Passage":"[Chapter 1] NOTA?/ Hiii=D ,soy Maki o gamishi, como les interese llamarme,esta es my primer fan ficcion...perdon si cometo errores u horrores de caligrafia.. porfavor espero que les guste la historia.. ?lol?lol?lol?comencemosssss... Alguna vez han escuchado hacerca de la batalla de los Yamizukis... es una lucha que se hace cada 7 años para dar a conocer a los guerreros mas fuertes de todas las regiones, comenzando por Ichnoyaku hasta Onoga, en total cinco regiones. Pero, muy pocas personas tenían el conocimiento de que existia una sexta region,llamada workurod, este lugar era donde tanto los dioses, como los demonios podian establecer contacto con este mundo, de echo,aquí vivian muchos tipos de seres que poseian poderes sorprendentes devido a la exposición de estas fuerzas, algunos eran solo humanos y otros eran conocidos como Yunkos, pero muchas personas pensaban que eran un mito puesto a que por una explosión durante la guerra de Mioklan, en el 3012, causo la extinción de muchos de ellos.. Ehh? que como se todo esto, bueno mi abuela me contó todo esto cuando era pequeña, siempre me sentaba a su lado y me contada este tipo de cosas...AHHH se me al olvidado presentarme, buen soy Matsuya Atoshi, pero me dicen Mao, de cariño. Ringggg\" sono a la distancia ringgg!\" volvia a sonar ese molesto sonido MAOOOO\" derrepente escuche el sonido de mi mama llamandome o mejor dicho gritandome \" Matsuya Atoshii despiértate o voy a por ti!\" en ese instante sabia que iba a morir si o estaba en la sala en cinco minutos, entonces corri y me bañe tan rápido como pude. Sali, y me puse mi ropa de colegio, me sepille mi cabello negro, y con mi listón rojo me lo puse en un mechon de mi cabello, haciéndome una trensa (nota del autor/PARA no confundir ya pronto subire una imagen, para que sepan como es mao XD). baje y mi ama me estaba esperando con una mirada matadora, que me hizo estremecerme. \"Mao.. sabes que hora es?\" me pregunto dandome mi obento \" bueno, es la hora de mi corazón?\" le dije sarcasticamente, y ella se hice un slap en su cara. \" son las 7 y 30\" en ese momento me quede paralizada y solo pude decir \" estardeeee!\" y sali corriendo no sin antes cojer mi mercancía... que? no puedo salir sin mi comida lol. :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: espero que les guste, esto es algo que se me ocurrio a las dos de la mañana cuando no podia dormir LOL, siempre me duermo solo si termino una historia.. jejejej bueno chaiiiii[Chapter 2] holiii soy yo denuevo buajajajaj cof cof no debo reir haci... en que estaba ahhh ya esta esta continuando mi historiaaa yeiii bueno porfavor discupen mis horrores ortograficos y lo mas importante DISFRUTENN chaiii _-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-XD_-._._lol_comenzemos! Me encontraba corriendo lo mas rapido que podia,pero al instante que intente entrar a cole... CRASH! me estrelle contra la puerta y cai al suelo, entonces me levante y al momento en que subi la cara par ver atravez de la ventana en la puerta, me asuste al ver a una cara espantosa, era como un pitufo con cara de viejo y barba viendome con una mirada matadora atrvez de la ventana... espera... era mi profesor de fisica y quimica viendome con esa cara de llegaste tarde, a punto de decirme denuevo el mismo sermon de siempre, me abrio la puerta.. \"señorita Atoshi, denuevo tarde como puedo ver\" me dijo ya con la puerta abierta. \"si profesor, lo siento es que se mee ehh uh pues\" miraba para todas partes intentando formilar una excusa y de pronto se me llego una idea...\"Es que una niña estaba intentando cojer una paleta que habia volado magicamente hacia un arbol de 30 metros de alto,entonces intente ayudarla utilizando mis conocimientos en el karate y el internet viendo personas como rompian objetos con sus manos pero al intentarlo no tuve fuerza como para romperla por completo, fue en ese entonces cuado derepente aparecio una viejita voladora que cojio el dulce para robarlo y\" en ese momento fui interrumpida por el profesor diciendome \" ES SUFICIENTE SEÑORITA\" y no pude hacer nada mas que quedarme inmovil pensando que me podria hacer. \"Valla a su asiento, para seguir con la clase\" yeii pense \" pero una llegada tarde mas y no vengas a la clase, ve de una vez a la oficina entendidio\" dijo el profesor, per casi no le escuche por que estaba saltado hacia mi silla. Al llegar y sentarme escuche a alguien en mi espalda\"pss, mao\" dijo mi amiga moka kurioka , quien esta siempre sentada atras mio. \"si? hola Moka, que tal?\" yo dije tratando de dicimular mientras el profesor escribia en el pizarron \"ni sabes de la que te salvaste,dime te volviste a quedar dormida jugando a la witch evolution mvx\"me dijo Moka. \"nooo\"dije trantando de dicimular\" claro que ja ja no como crees, mejor prestemos atencion\" \"aja como digas\" y en ese momento el profesor nos miro pero nosotras rapidamente haciamos como si estubieramos escribiendo en el cuaderno. Despues de seis aburridas horas en la escuela, me despedi de Moka y cada una de nosotras volvimos a nuestras casa. Pasaron los dias sin ningun tipo de anomalia, pero el viernes justo cuando volvia de mi casa feliz de no volver a ver la cara de ese profesor por un par de dias,un estraño viento me sacudio el pelo y derrepente vi un papel en el piso que estaba debajo de mi pie, este papel tenia un escrito en la parte frontal \"el Desafio te busca, y no hay escapatoria\" al darle la vuelta, el papel tenia un tipo de informacion que anunciaba que el torneo de figthers estaba cerca y que solos los calificados podian entrar... yo no sabia de ese torneo mas que por lo que me decia mi abuela pero muy pocos sabian de este torneo, estaba ansiosa, pero no sabia si estaba calificada o como iba a ser, pero algo dentro de mi me hacia querer ir y desmostrarle a todos quien era, fue en ese entonces cuando tome mi desicion, iva a ir a ese torneo con mi katana \"Kurokata\" y mi entrenaiento en las artes mi camino y llegue a mi casa y al momento que mi madre vio ese papel me vio horrorizada preguntadome \"donde conseguiste ese papel,Mao?\" \"Como sabes de este papel, ama?\" ella solo me vio y me volvia preguntar la misma pregunta, a lo que yo solo dije sarcasticamente \" creo que me cayo del cielo jeje\" \"Mas bien de infierno, no piensas que vas por que no iras a ese torneo, me entendiste\" me dijo mi mama furiosa, pero yo estaba asombrada de como mi mama estaba enterada de que era este papel o su contenido sin tan solo leerlo y esa extraña actitud que tenia. \"A-ama, de que hablas si ni siquiera lo has leido\"le dije algo nerviosa. \"No vas a ir me escuchaste\" me dijo furiosa pero derrepente cambio a triste su tono de voz \"no vas tu no sabes que tipo de torneo o pelea es, Mao\" eso fue lo unico que me dijo antes de romper en lasgrimas. \"lo siento mama, pero yo quiero ir y demostrarle a las personas de que estoy echa\"en ese momento ella me vio a los ojos y me dijo\" se que quieres hacer,Mao, pero esto no es un juego de niñas, esto es la realidad y estas muy pequeña para cojerla con tus manos, ese torneo es muy peligroso, NO VAS\" dijo mi mama practicamente enojada, pero no iba a dar un paso atras, ya me habia descidido y nadie me podia quitar de mi mente ese pensamiento, mi nuevo proposito... _..._.-._.. Gracias por leerlo ya subire tan pronto como pueda la parte 3... chaiiii ","Summary":" NOTA?/ Hiii=D ,soy Maki o gamishi, como les interese llamarme,esta es my primer fan ficcion...perdo"},{"Movie":"Let Me In, 2010","Title":"Let Me In A Twisted Version:The Beginning","Author":"OneBadAuthor","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10464974","Passage":"[Chapter 1] New story!Very similar to the to Twilight?Probably?Nah. Probably sucks like my other story. Anyways hope you enjoy it or hate it I don't really care,bye NO POV March,1983,Los Alamos,New Mexico. A.N:So many commas. Abby Elliott walked home from school with bruises on her bullies at school always torture her with anything they can get their hands on,today they tortured her with wooden never told her father about the bullies,she figured he would just give her a speech about how she should defend life had been nothing but sadness,she spent every night in the jungle gym eating Now and Later candies. A.N:Had to keep some parts of the movie like the Rubik's Cube. All she wanted was a good friend who actually cares about her she made it home back to her house just in time for dinner,her father was cooking meatloaf,she sighed in frustration her father always thought this was her favorite. \"Hi dad,I'm home,\"Abby said loud enough for her father to hear.\"Meatloaf for dinner again?\" \"Yep,I know it's your favorite,\"replied her father,Joe.\"What is with the bruises on your arm?\" \"Um,I fell,\"Abby wasn't too good at lying. Abby knew that Joe could easily notice that she was lying. \"Well ok then be careful next time,\"Joe said suspiciously. Abby had her dinner with her father and went put on a mask and grabbed..a looked at herself in the mirror. \"What's the matter?Don't you think I look pretty?\"she said into the mirror as she raised the knife like a killer she removed her mask and looked into the telescope her father had bought and saw a truck and a woman with her son step out she didn't look much at the woman since the boy about her age caught her ran down the hall stopping at her door. \"Where are you going?\"her father said as he poured vodka into a glass. \"Oh nowhere,we have new neighbors and I want to get a closer look.\" She looked through the peephole and saw the boy with his mom,she waited about 30 seconds until they arrived..They appeared to live next to her,she walked back to her room and went to bed but she kept thinking about her new next day she woke up she got ready for her way there,Sarah and her friends approached her. \"Why are you in a hurry you little slut?\"Sarah said as she flicked her nose.\"Don't worry we will be quick and fast.\" She dragged Abby into the bathroom and got out a small cut Abby's cheek a only a little to see a mark on her failed to hold back her tears one of Sarah's friends,Ellen spoke up. \"What are you going to do now,who is going to tell her dad?\"she said in a worried tone. Sarah looked back at Ellen and then Abby again.\"She's not telling anyone,isn't that right slut?\" She pulled Abby's had emotions such as fear and anxiety and shedded even more tears,but managed to get out a whisper. \"Y-Yes,I won't tell anyone please let me go.\" Sarah snarled and then shoved her,after that her and her friends walked out of the wiped her face with a paper towel and then walked to realized she came to school a little too early because she wasn't late when she walked in school she went to a arcade near the courtyard where she bought herself some Now and Laters and..a pocket night after she had her dinner,meatloaf,the walked out to the jungle gym and looked at the tree. She got out her pocketknife and walked up to the tree. \"Come on slut,what's wrong?\"she began stabbing the tree with the knife but was interrupted by a deep voice. \"What are you doing?\"the voice whispered. Abby turned around to see a figure with a hood on its head not showing his or her figure stepped out to meet Abby face to showed the face of the boy from yesterday,he wore a black hoodie and jeans,with dark hair. \"Nothing,\"Abby replied quietly.\"What are you doing?\" The boy seemed calm.\"Nothing,\"He jumped down the bars and had no expression on his face. \"Did you and your mom move upstairs?\"Abby questioned. \"How do you know?\"he seemed to have a very quiet voice. \"I live next to you on the left.\"Abby pointed to where she the boy didn't look,she put her hand down awkwardly. Moments of silence passed by as Abby looked down to her boy seemed to broke the silence. \"Just so know I can't be your friend,\"the boy said turning away. Abby said a boy she knew for 2 minutes didn't want to be her whatever she wasn't going down without a fight. \"W-Why?\"she tried to sound confident but her voice broke. \"It's just the way it is.\"the boy said as he stepped back into the shadows and walked away. \"Well,I don't need you as a friend!\"she began to shed some tears but immediately wiped them off and continued to stab the that she just sat down on the bars eating her candy she went home for next night,she grabbed some candies after dinner with her father. \"I know how you like time alone but promise me that you won't leave the courtyard,\"Joe said as he poured red wine in a nodded and walked out of the apartment,but this time bringing her Rubik's Cube. xxx Meanwhile in the boy's apartment.A lady went back to the apartment carrying a jug of blood,that wasn't boy walked near the lady and took out the wasn't even half boy growled and downed the remains of the jug and then the lady,Sally,turned terrified. \"You failed this time didn't you?!\"the boy said in a demonic voice.\"You always fail now don't you?! Sally said nothing to this still having a worried look. \"You answer me now!\"the boy growled. \"Maybe I am getting tired of I hate doing what I I made a mistake meeting you.\" The boy marched out of the didn't need to feed badly,so he could handle at least another 30 walked back up to the jungle gym to find the girl back sitting on one of the walked up quietly and sat on top of the leaned over to the girl. \"You know,I really want to be alone for a change,\"the boy said. \"Well me too,\"Abby said sadly. \"Then why don't you leave?\" \"No you leave,this is my only spot to be alone,I have no friends and I have nothing,\" The boy leaned back and then he noticed Abby had something in her hands. \"What is that?\" When Abby turned to answer him,the boy leaned had a confused look on her face. \"It's a Rubik's Cube.\"Abby explained.\"You don't know what a Rubik's Cube is?\" The boy shook his turned away and Abby focused back on the cube. \"Is it like a puzzle?\" Abby turned back to face him. \"Um yeah,wanna try it?You can give it back tomorrow.\" She placed the cube on the boy didn't touch it. \"How do you do it?\"the boy replied. Abby sat up and got the cube and sat back down near shifted due to their space. \"You have to get each side one color.\"Abby demonstrated as she turned the cube.\"Like that.\" The boy picked up the cube and turned it different looked as he turned the smelled a weird scent. \"You know you kinda smell funny.\" The boy didn't say noticed that he was barefooted. \"Aren't you cold?\" \"I don't really get cold.\" \"Well see you around.\"Abby whispered as she turned away and boy looked up at Abby and then gave his focus back on the was almost done with it until his stomach got a sharp dropped the puzzle and ran out to a tunnel near the complex and jumped up a tree and saw a jogger going toward his boy's eyes turned yellow and his hands turned into pounced on the jogger and his teeth sank into the jogger's drank the blood and looked up and then cracked the man's boy wiped his face and then walked back to the apartment but also bringing the Rubik's he went home,Sally was looking at him with a mad look. \"What did you do!?\"she yelled. \"A tunnel near here.\"the boy whispered deeply. \"Oh god!You don't know how to hide the body don't you?\" She marched out of the door furiously and after that they didn't speak to each other for the rest of the boy completed the Rubik's Cube and went out and placed it on the snow for the girl to went to his bedroom and thought about the girl he met. ' Come on Owen!No friends,you know that!, he thought to himself. 'It ends with too much sadness.' The next day after school,Abby found the cube completed in the night,she walked back to the jungle seems like the boy was already there. \"How did you do it?\"Abby asked softly. The boy thought this was the first time he smiled since she met him. \"Eh I just twisted it in different ways.\"he replied.\"Do I smell better now?\" Abby nodded and boy thought about how he showered a while decided to ask a question. \"What's your name?\" \"Owen,what's yours?\" \"Abby.\" \"How old are you?\"she said with a smile. \"Twelve,more or less.\"Owen replied.\"How about you?\" \"Twelve years,eight months,and nine days.\"she replied.\"What do mean twelve more or less?When's your birthday?\" \"I don't know.\" \"You don't have a birthday,no birthday presents?\" Owen shook his head.' Well here is my chance for a friend' Abby thought. \"Well you can have this if you want,\"She handed the hesitated to get it. \"Oh no that's ok it's yours.\" Abby showed a face of disappointment. \"I still don't get how you did this.\" \"Want me to show you?\" \"Yeah!\" Excitement grew to Abby's had finally found a sat next to Owen he showed her how to do it but they kept smiling at each had an idea that they would go to the arcade like a date. \"Do you want to go to this place I know?It's an arcade.\"she invited. Owen shrugged.\"Sure.\" They walked to the direction of the walked to a game called .Abby demonstrated how to play the game but every time she tried and lost,she threw her hands up in chuckled at walked up to the counter and Abby asked if he wanted any candy. \"Want to try some?\"she said as she held up a candy called a Now and Later. \"No thanks.\"Owen replied. \"Well what do you want?\"Abby asked softly. \"Oh no,I don't need any.\" Abby showed a face of remembered this face from when Sally tried to offer him a candy. \"I guess I can try one.\"Owen said. \"Really?\"Once again Abby's happy face showed tried the candy,he thought if he just sucked it,and won't actually chew it,it would be however failed when he tried to get a part off of his ran outside and held on a car to balance himself,he then threw up when he noticed Abby was looking at shifted a little. \"Sorry.\"It was all he could say, Abby rushed over to him and then hugged 's face got rested his chin on her shoulder. \"Abby?You like me don't you?\" Abby thought about it for a few course she liked him,he was her only friend,her happiness,her only reason to live. \"Yeah,a lot.\" \"Well would you like me even if i wasn't a boy?\" Abby looked back and locked eyes with Owen. \"What do you mean?\" Owen had no response. \"But,sure,you were my first friend.\"Owen felt guilty at felt guilty that he couldn't have a normal life and spend it with Abby. Owen also liked Abby but if he did then she wouldn't have a normal life and have a great knew Abby was going to be a great person so he couldn't drag her in his would never feel love pulled apart and then walked back to their apartments. \"So why did you guys move here?\"Abby asked. \"Uh we move around a lot,\"Owen replied. \"Yeah but why do you move here?Nobody moves here is just day I would just like to get out and never come here again.\" ' So she wants to move I can go somewhere else with her' He thought to himself,'NO,What are you thinking?'He shook his head to get the thought out of his walked when they stopped near the complex's reached out and held Abby's hand,until Abby's dad's voice came sighed in frustration. \"ABBY!\"he said. \"What?!\"Abby replied loudly enough for her father to hear. \"You promised you would still be in the courtyard.\" \"Dad I was here the whole time!\"Abby lied. \"Well get home,it's time for dinner!\" Owen chuckled at her ran back to the complex's door and waited for turned back and Owen was was already went to the complex's saw him standing there with one foot leaned against the both smiled at each other. \"See you tomorrow,\"Abby said as she opened the door. The next morning,at school Abby looked in her found a page about Morse Code and she thought about how they could communicate through the her way home Sarah got out a knife again and then gave a nick on her cheek,she had to go to the nurse to get a then went home and printed two sheets for her and Owen. That night she took her backpack with her,she took out her Romeo and Juliet book as she tried to find the was sitting on the jungle gym as usual and when he saw Romeo and Juliet book,he was quickly had always wanted to read Shakespeare's great held up the book. \"Is this yours?\"he questioned. \"Yeah it's for school it's boring,\"replied Abby as she dug through her backpack. Owen disagreed but people have their opinions,he had his focus on the book when finally Abby found the then looked at a bandage on Abby's cheek. \"What happened there?\"he pointed to the bandage. \"Some..kids at school.\" Owen thought about that no one should have treated Abby this way,nor anyone.' Bullies these days. 'Owen thought to himself. \"You have to him them back Abby.\" \"There are 3 of them.\" \"Then hit them back even even than you dare.\" \"What if that doesn't work?\" \"You have a knife.\" \"And what if that didn't work?\" Owen thought about it for a would help her. \"I'll help you then.\" \"But,they are about 14 and are not strong enough.\" Ignoring the put his hand on hers. \"I'm way stronger than you think I am.\" \"Anyway I have an idea.\" \"What?\" \"Here this is for when we can talk through the wall.\"she explained. Owen's face gulped. \"Can you hear through the wall?\" \"Uh yeah but only was your mom so mad?\" \"Um I forgot to…do my chores.\" \"You wanna try it out?\" \"Sure.\" They went over the code for a while and then headed inside to try it out on the Owen went inside,Sally was preparing to go and get blood. \"You going now?\"Owen asked. \"Is there a choice for me?\"Sally waited for a moment.\"Please don't see that girl again.\"Owen didn't know if it was for Abby's safety or that Sally thought he was replacing her. She grabbed a butcher knife and went out with a ski mask and hid in a car with 2 college friends and hid there until the driver got out to buy waited until the second friend went to check out the back,Sally choked the colleague and then dove the knife in his chest and drained the drove the car out of the way but got reckless and then the car crashed flipping 2 times and then spilled the thought that if she couldn't speak the police couldn't get poured acid on her face and then got burned. Back in Abby and Owen's complex Owen got in the wall and tapped out replied, IT was about to tap something else when in the radio he heard that a woman with a knife and a jug of blood has been taken to the hospital with severe burns on quickly turned off the radio and then went outside and ran to the the hospital he asked if he could come visit his mom. \"Is she a patient here?\"the person at the front desk asked. \"Um the police brought her in.\" \"It 's on the tenth floor but it is restricted,look how about i just give them a call an-\" Owen interrupted\"Oh no no no no no,that's fine.\" He turned away to walked out of the nurse noticed that he wasn't wearing any shoes and rushed out to call him again but only to find nothing but the white however had climbed up the hospital to the tenth he got there, he knocked on the window and Sally went to open the Owen gestured Sally to invite him in but she pointed to her 's eyes widened. \"No,what the hell are you talking about?\"Owen said. She leaned in with her neck close to his gulped and then sank his canines in her began to lose consciousness and fell out of the window.A nurse suddenly screamed as a man came charging in the hid aside the window with blood smeared across his thought of one person he could go to now, flew right to her apartment window. \"Abby,Abby,\"he seemed to have hear him. \"Yeah?\"She replied. \"Can I come in?\" \"Yeah.\" \"Say have to say it.\" \"You can come in.\" She began to face him. \"No no no,don't dare to look at me.\"She then lied back down.\"Close your eyes Abby.\" \"They're already closed.\"she muttered. Owen began to take off his clothes,since he didn't want to get any blood on Abby's then climbed into bed and put his hand on Abby's cheek and caressed it. \"Wait you're not wearing anything,and you're freezing,\"Abby whispered. \"That gross?\"Owen replied. \"No,I can do anything for someone who cares about me or,just a normal friend.\" \"Don't worry,you will always be my friend now.\" Abby looked thought that Owen was nice enough to have more friends,or even a girlfriend. \"Wait what do you mean?Haven't you ever had a true friend before?Haven't you ever felt strong feelings for someone?\" Owen thought about it until answering. \"No,no one ever cared about me that way.\" Abby waited a minute to ask the question she had been waiting to ask. \"Owen?Can you go steady with me?\" \"Wait what do you mean?\" \"Can you be my boyfriend?\" A.N:OH GAWD THAT IS HARD TO TYPE AND KIND OF GAY FOR ME BECAUSE I'M ALSO A BOY. Owen turned to face the sighed. \"Look I'm not a boy.\" \"You're not a boy?What are you?\" \"..Nothing.I'm nothing.\" \"It's ok if you don't want to be my boyfriend.I get that a lot.\" A.N:OH COME ON!I HAD TO TYPE IT AGAIN. \"Can't we just keep ways the same they are?\" Abby's face sunk.\"Yeah.\" Owen noticed the disappointment from Abby.' Maybe I can work this out.' Owen thought to himself. \"Do you have to do anything special while going steady?\" \"Um I don't think so.\" Owen shrugged,\"Sure we can go steady.\" \"Really?\"Abby asked with excitement. \"Yep.\" Abby then fell asleep as Owen held dawn came,he left a note. I must gone and live or stay and die. Owen+Abby Then he drew a heart with their names left the note on the cabinet and then flew back to his apartment.[Chapter 2] 2nd Chapter. It's all I got. Don't care if hate it or not. POV. xxxx The next day,Abby woke up to find a note on the cabinet. I must gone and live or stay and die. Owen+Abby Then she saw a heart with their names drawn in was a quote from Romeo and Juliet,she might start reading the hadn't been a dream after started to get ready for the school had a field trip to go ice went downstairs to get breakfast then walked to school. At the frozen pond,of course Sarah and her friends were picked up a large scoffed. \"What are you going to do with that?\"Sarah asked.\"Come on we are going for a dip.\" Abby held the pole like a thought about what Owen had taught her.' If I hit and Sam,her friends will be scared.' \"No,\"Abby just stood still not giving the stick.\"I'm not going anywhere.\" \"Oh?Well give me the stick.\"Abby hesitated to give it.\"I said give me the stick. Abby then hit Sarah in the ear splitting it dropped the stick in hadn't meant to hurt Sarah THAT began to scream,the coach,Mr. Hanke,tried to get help for Sarah when he heard a scream,everyone was rushing there and saw a dead was the body of the jogger Owen had . Hanke rushed over to where the body was and immediately canceled the field trip and called the was called to the principal's office and was given a lecture about why she shouldn't hit school was over and nighttime came Abby rushed out to meet Owen on the jungle gym. \"I did it Owen.I actually defended myself from Sarah.I hit her in the ear and almost got suspended but I defended myself!\"Abby said excitedly. \"See I told you you could do it.\"Owen said as he leaned in and kissed her didn't know why but it just felt one should've treated Abby that he pulled back Abby's eyes widened and she had a big smile on her two just look in each others eyes. \"Oh I have an can go to this room I know.\"Abby suddenly announced. \"Ok,\" They walked in the directions of the arrived at a door that said, Enter Under The Penalty Of Death. Owen chuckled quietly. \"A person named Maria used to live here used to drink and hang out with her her friends weren't here,she used to play ping pong with me.\" Owen walked to one of the record players,he turned it on and heard a really nice tune. \"Hold on close your eyes.\"Abby whispered. Owen closed his eyes and couldn't help but grabbed out her pocket knife and then started to cut her thumb Owen's senses smelled the scent of the smile immediately vanished. \"Um let's make a pact.\"Abby said as she grabbed his hand.\"Don't worry it will only hurt for a little.\" He still just stood there,the hood covering his eyes. \"Owen?\" In a flash he got right to the floor and sucked the blood from the dirty looked at Abby with yellow eyes. \"Get out of here!\"he said in a demonic voice. Abby just stood there shocked about what she just ran out the door not wanting to hurt Abby and climbed up a tree in a matter of looked around breathing spied Abby's neighbor,Jack and then leaped down from the tree and bit into Jack's 's dog tried to tear Owen apart from Jack,but Jack 's friend,Bob had witnessed the had failed to to snap his neck because Bob had chased escaped but Jack was now going to be then went back to her house and called her mom. \"Mom?\" \"Yeah?\"came from the other end. \"Can I talk to you?\" \"Of course sweetie what is it?\" \"Is there…such a thing as evil?\" \"What?What do you mean?\" \"Can a person be evil?\" \"Wait where is your father?Get this nonsense out of your head.\" Abby had tears dripping down her cheek.\"Dad is out.\" \"Listen to me Abby,get this out of your head tell your dad to call me when he's up ok?\" \"Ok.\" She hung up the phone and then just thought about what Owen was. xxx Hospital…. Jack was brought to the hospital after Owen's attack.A detective came to talk to they were talking about how he was woke up and saw blood on his arm and then began to suck it.A nurse came in the room to open the curtains when it was too dark in the she opened the curtains,Jack's body bursted into nurse tried to help but only to get her arm on over on the news reported that the hospital had a fire. xxxxx Abby and Owen's complex…. Abby was just shocked at what she was going to visit Owen and ask some headed to Owen's door and waited a minute before looked through the he opened it for her to enter. \"Can I come in?\"Abby asked the same question when Owen asked when he got up in the window. Owen only nodded. \"You have to say it remember?\" Owen's face began to darken as he stepped into the shadows as he whispered an invitation. \"You can come in.\" Abby walked in the began to face him. \"Are you a vampire?\"she asked. \"I need blood..to live.\"Owen whispered back. \"Where's your mom?\" Owen shook his head,\"She wasn't my mother.\" Abby just walked around checking things around Owen's table and saw a bunch of puzzles. \"What's all this?\" \"I like puzzles.\" Abby saw about more puzzles until she spied a bunch of pictures taken from a photo booth was a picture of Owen,and another 12 year old this girl posing as Owen's mother?Was she going to be like her one day? \"I'm going to go now.\"she headed to the door until Owen blocked her way. \"Aren't you going to let me go?What are you going to do to me?\" Owen stepped out of the way and then let her go,\"I told you we couldn't be friends.\" After she went dad was out to a left a note saying there is a pot pie in the watched the news and how there was a fire in the hospital until she heard a knock on the door,it was Owen dressed in a T-Shirt and pajama smiled but Abby didn't return it. \"Can I come in?\"he asked. \"Why do you always need an invitation,is there something in the way?\" Owen took a deep knows she will not like what will happen but he trusted her to save knows she will save walked in the house and into the living just stared at him with body shook and blood began to pour from every ,ears,nose, 's calm look turned into fear and eyes widened as blood began to pour from Owen. \"NO NO NO STOP YOU CAN COME IN!\"she rushed over to collect him in her arms and began to start had no idea that bleeding will happen to Owen.\"What was that?What would've happened if I hadn't invited you in?Would you've kept bleeding?Would you have died?\" Owen closed his he really known that she would save him?Or did he just simply hope that she would?He was just glad that she did.\"I knew you wouldn't let me.\" Suddenly a man came rushing in the 's senses picked up the man and he released Abby and then pounced on the man just snapping his didn't want Abby's dad questioning why there is blood and flesh on the heard Abby stepping in her kitchen and walked over to her. \"I did it because I have to,I did it to survive Abby.\"he said sadly.\"Please just be me a little\"he put his hand on her cheek and held it gently.\"Just for a little while.\"Abby then saw a vision of a couple of people and then a other people were holding Owen down,or holding her was seeing in Owen's the man rushed over and stabbed a knife right into Owen's stomach and then cutting his leg with then leaned in and bit his heard herself screaming and then she actually screamed in looked at his body which was covered in blood as he looked around in a mirror. \"You can shower down the hall.\"Abby headed down the hall and stepped into the shower washing away all the blood when he heard music coming out of a record dried himself and wrapped a towel around his he headed out,he saw Abby blush as she saw only his bottom layer of his body had been in way worst situations than appearing half naked in front of a girl. \"You can borrow some of my dad's old clothes.\"Abby said as she pointed to her dad's went into the room took out white pants and a white went out but was quickly startled as Abby's dad called out that he was rushed down to Abby's room and opened the flew to the window of Sally's he saw Abby looking down he then looked to her side and saw Owen. \"I'll be dad is going to be knocked out soon.\" Owen 's dad got knocked out,she went out to Owen's apartment and they just talked and play a few puzzles or just lie next to each got up to see the clock on the kitchen wall. 5:52 A.M .His sleep instincts was about to set in at went back to the living room to see Abby peacefully smiled,he left a note, Hey Abby, I'm in the bathroom Don't come in I really like you, Love, Owen He wondered if he liked her…Or he loved was almost thinking of bringing her into the night world to spend eternity with .What was he thinking?Abby having a life,sunlight,normal food,and a great would give ALL of that up just for him?He couldn't think anymore he headed towards the bathroom and then laid down in the bathtub and then falling into a woke up to the sound of knocking and found Owen's note and a knock at his went over and looked through the peephole and saw a stepped back and made a creaking sound on the wood. \"Hello?Who's there?\"the detective questioned.\"This is the police open up!\" Abby rushed over to detective broke down the door and walked around the house he got to Owen's bedroom that covered all the windows,and then walked up to the saw covers in the tub and took them off and saw a boy sleeping as if he was saw tinfoil covering the peeled off a little until a girl's voice called out to however felt a burning pain in his immediately flashed his eyes and saw a man pointing his gun at Abby,one thought came to his head,the man was a jumped on the man sinking his teeth on his man screamed and tried to pull Owen off but Owen's teeth were glued to the reached his hand over to Abby but she just closed the walked out to the hall hands to her ear and started to cry as the man's screams traveled out of the walked out of the bathroom with blood smeared across his saw Abby walked over to her and wrapped his arms around her then released her and walked to her front to meet her face to face. \"I have to go away now.\"Owen announced sadly. Abby's eyes widened,\"No please don't go,if you go,who is going to be my friend?\"She began to sob. \"I'm sorry but which is better?You seeing me in jail getting punished or possibly killed or me having a safe life?\" Abby sniffed.\"A safe life.\" Owen reached in and gave her a passionate kiss and then wrapped his arms around then pulled apart and began packing and walked out of the complex and called a walked out of Owen's looked out the window misty eyed as she saw Owen come in the didn't dare look back,he would break down and fly to her window and ask her to come with him,even though he knew well that she would say thought she could go to swim practice to get her mind off of the pool someone called out to Mr. Hanke. that there was a dumpster fire and he needs to check it and her friends but a new person probably Sarah's sister walked had a knife with them. \"Everyone get out of the pool!\"Sarah sister,Tori walked up to held Abby's hair. \"Look we are going to have a contest,you stay underwater for,\"she looked at the clock.\"three minutes if you can do it,I'll just give you a nick on the you can't do it,I'll take out one of your eyes,an eye for a take a deep breath.\"she shoved Abby down the struggled to hold her however had already saw what Tori and the bullies had done to thought rushed to his head,' They were harming Abby…My Abby… 'He flew right through the window crashing it as it was sugared first victim was the girl who was holding Abby down,he flew and grabbed Tori and tore her head right off the head fell into the pool and Abby's eyes widened in surprise and then Owen targeted Sarah,the one who started all of ripped one of Sarah's arms right but had also drained Sarah's blood as for Sarah's little friends,Ellen and Heather,they got legs and arms ripped out of the last there were none more nothing but had gotten out of the pool but still trying to catch her breath,she was spitting out water,he grabbed her chin gently so he could see she saw Owen's eyes she rushed up and hugged him didn't care about this,all he cared about was he was with was breathing heavily and was looking started to comfort her or at least make her feel better. \"Don't worry Abby you're safe now,\"Owen said as he stroked her hair. \"No.I don't care about that.I thought..I was never going to see you again,and I want to go with you.I can't live without you…I love you.\" Owen pulled apart and gave her a didn't look surprise at she cared about was smiled.\"I love you too.\" \"Now come on we have to get out of here quickly.\"Owen quickly got to the window.\"Hold on to me because we are going to fly.\"They flew near a train station,it takes about 30 more minutes to get they headed back to Owen's taxi. \"Where to again?\"the driver asked. \"Train stain please.\"Owen replied. The driver drove to the they got there Owen only gave money to Abby to buy 1 got confused. \"Wait aren't you going?\"she asked. \"Yeah but I gotta sleep remember?\"Owen replied.\"I'm gonna sleep in the trunk.I can fit in there.\" Abby bought the ticket and took her the conductor asked that if the trunk was nodded thought about that she was starting to have a new life,but she didn't was spending it with didn't care about leaving her past life,her past life was was her was her new was The Beginning of her new life. THEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE ENDDDDDDDDD XXXXX Of course there is a sequel even though you hate .IM GONNA FIT IT IN THIS STORY[Chapter 3] This the sequel cause I'm too fahking lazy to create a new one. Enjoy or not Idc BYE xxx Abby looked at her watch, should be waking up any minute by now but she failed to stay was awaken by a was still drowsy from the sleep. \"Abby…Abby wake up,\"Owen said in a mother like tone. Abby groaned quietly and tried to open her eyes,\"Ok let me wake Owen first,he should be awake.\" Owen chuckled,\"I'm already up that's why I woke *you* up hon.\" \"Oh hey,sorry if you wanted me to be awake when you woke up.\"Abby said sheepishly. Owen put his hand around her shoulders and her head rested on his,\"Don't worry as long as you are here I don't care.\" \"We're in Denver about arriving in 10 minutes then you might want to get back in the trunk.\" \"I get it,the conductor will get suspicious since he never saw a 12 year old boy go in the train.\"he got back in the trunk,\"I love you Abby.\" Abby smiled at this,\"I love you too.\"they sat until the train stopped and got out of the train then got out of the train station and sat on a bench near opened the trunk and Owen jumped out like a smiled as he saw Abby,\"Hey,\" The smile was infectious and made Abby smile had ran away from her sad old life,but she wasn't sad now at all she was spending her new life with her still thought about whether she would be like the lady as Owen's caretaker,and grow old and die or become like Owen and spend eternity with haven't told Owen about it yet,since he wasn't really sure about hugged him and that kind of startled Owen but as he knew what she did,he relaxed in her arms and returned the looked at his watch, 's eyes widened. \"Oh god,we have to find a motel.I have to get you somewhere to sleep,\"Owen said.\"It's really late.\" They walked to the nearest motel and rented a room,\"I know it's late but do you have a room open with 1 king sized bed?\" The person at the front desk had an arched eyebrow on,\"Are you two going steady?\"he gave Owen a blushed next to him.\"Well you two are really young to be sleeping in one bed so how about two queen sized beds?\" \"No thanks one king sized bed is fine.\"Owen replied in an annoyed person didn't want to lose two customers so she put in the information and gave Owen the room walked back to their room and Owen held the door open for Abby to come in thanked him for his was already yawned smiled,\"Just get some sleep,I'll stay here by your side.\" Abby smiled back,she now knew that Owen wasn't manipulating her and using now knew that Owen really cared and loved her was her last thought until darkness had claimed didn't dare to get up before he knows Abby is deeply she was he got up and wrote a note and kissed her Abby woke up it was the usual was in the bathroom and there was a note. Hey Abby, Let's hang out tonight it's Saturday I love you Owen Tears escaped Abby's eye she was not sad at all she was actually very decided to take Owen to a movie since she knew he hadn't been in a lot in his also never saw that many in her life night Owen woke up at around was waiting for him,he thought she was just sitting not he bed but when he got out of the bathroom he got surprised with a hug and a was startled at first but then he relaxed to the grip on the back of her neck has now tightened but she didn't care all she cared about was Owen,\"Come on,we are going to the movies.\" They walked out of the motel hand to hand as they walked to the cinema,reports said that there was a man all over the world on a killing spree and it seems like he is heading towards the U.S. just then Owen gave a scream and held his they were in an alley and no one heard knelt right down immediately with a look of fear and concern,\"Owen?What's wrong?!\" He then fell started to cry,\"Owen!Owen wake up!\"She tried to lift him up and he was surprisingly light,probably because he didn't have a lot of blood in couldn't carry him though not because he was heavy but because people might think it's strange that a twelve year old girl is carrying a boy her age,she went back to get the trunk Owen could hide kissed his cheek,\"I'll be back with your trunk.\"She ran back to the hotel before hiding Owen so no one could find found the trunk and ran back to the put Owen in the trunk and then headed back to the set the trunk down and unlocked it she took Owen out and put him in the night she didn't sleep a bit,for some reason Owen fell spent all night thinking about what just then had to cry herself to sleep. The next night Owen woke up he was all healthy rushed in and hugged him tighter than she ever didn't mind this hug began to cry,\"What happened yesterday?\"Owen relaxed. \"I don't know,someone just said something about my uncle and then I got a headache and then next thing I knew it I fell unconscious.\" \"I'm just glad you're safe.\"They didn't dare to go outside they just stayed inside and listened to reached out his hand,\"May I take this dance?\"he smiled at took his and and put her other hand on his put his other hand on her didn't exactly know how to dance since she didn't learn how to however just made it easy and simple for just circled around the thought this was really circled around until Abby wrapped her arms around Owen's stayed that position for a pulled back and kissed him on the then whispered next to his ear,\"I love you.\" \"I love you too,\"Owen replied.\"I will always love you.\" Abby's tears escaped her eyes and dripped down to her walked to the bed and Abby laid down with Owen by her just relaxed as Owen held her.\"Owen?Will I ever have to kill to get blood for you?\" Owen had a look of concern on his never wanted to force Abby to do something she was uncomfortable with,but the only other choice was to make her like him which he was sure she would say no. \"No I don't want you be just like her or anything like her.\" \"Who?\" \"Sally my past caretaker.\" \"What do you want me to do?\" \"I want to give you a choice,\" Abby nodded,\"What?\" \"I want you to choose,to be like me and NEVER get sunlight,normal food,and a normal life,or you leave me and never have anything to do with me again,I know you would never choose the second choice but you will end up like her one day and that time you can just kill yourself to spare yourself from my chaos.\" Abby gave a couple of minutes of would choose to be like Owen,she doesn't care about sunlight or a normal of that mattered compared to would spend her life with Owen,her Owen. \"I choose to become like you because I want to be with you,because I love you.\" \"I promise I will change you but I want to give you a chance to experience life better than I will.\" Abby nodded in agreement,at least she knew that he will turn then went to sleep as Owen held she was deeply asleep Owen got up and thought about what Abby just was wrong it seems like Abby really did love gave up a bright future just for covered the original room's windows and then laid back down with Abby and then went to sleep,and he stayed that way and tried to sleep the whole night and woke up in the morning to find Owen next to her and the windows was surprised that he wasn't in the bathroom but she was night when Owen woke up to see Abby sitting next to him got up and wrapped his arms around her neck and nibbled playfully on her giggled as he did pulled back with a smile,\"Do you want to go back to town again?\" Abby's happy face disappeared from her face,\"No!It's just I thought I lost you last time.I don't want to risk that again.\" Owen's face got surprised about how quickly she shouted just like the time she shouted the invitation at the time in Los knew how scared she was when he fell unconscious and then again he would never do anything that made her scared. \"It's ok we won't go if that makes you 's the last thing in my…unworthy life that I would do to you.\" Abby pulled back with a look of concern and nervousness,\"What did you say about your life?\" Owen chuckled,\"You still haven't figured it out yet Abby?I don't deserve to live Abby,all the things I did, it will never go away,it's going to take a miracle if anyone could heal me.I'm like a cup with a hole,no matter who pours themselves in..I will never be full again.I don't even deserve to have you Abby,you are a wonderful and smart girl.I don't deserve it but somehow you don't care about what I am,it's who I am and that's why you are special Abby,other people just look at some unholy time in Los Alamos when I bled all over,you saw that I was a monster but you would still invite me in.\" Abby was near tears,\"You almost died in front of me but you were still Owen.\" \"That's why you're so special,you saw that there was still Owen inside of me and you took him out ,you took Owen from the monster.\" Abby then kissed him there was nothing but silence.[Chapter 4] Hi,these are random stories you might hate So be sure to hate and do negative reviews BYE xxxx In the depths of South America lies a man and a warning the man pounced on the woman and sank his teeth in her released his teeth from the woman's neck he had drained her would soon find his young nephew and then he would finish him once and for wouldn't care if his nephew had found a lover,he would kill her sire is coming. xxx Abby decided to think that they could try to go live with her Aunt Heather near Minnesota,she lives near a town but had a house almost 5 miles out of it and almost had chores didn't know what to tell her that her boyfriend was a bloodsucker or that she ran away from Los Alamos and from her dad with a thought that Aunt Heather could understand the bond between her and Owen,but no one could ever understand Owen…They never will understand didn't know what to do at all about Owen's said he needed blood from human only but never tried animal's blood,she thought that animal blood might poison him but the fact that he had to kill bothered however had seen her in deep thought. \"What's wrong Abby?\"He decided to ask.\"I can tell by the look on your face that you were thinking about something.\" Abby got broke out of her trance and then suddenly remembered who she was with and where,\"What oh nothing.\" Owen still didn't give up,\"Come on I knew you were thinking about something.\" \"How can you tell by looking at me?\" \"When you've been around for about 230 years you get to learn a thing now spill.\" \"It's just I'm not sure about becoming like you I just don't want to-\"She was interrupted when Owen put his index finger on her had a hurt smile on his face. \"You don't want to become like me.A monster.\"Then he just sat back down in the motel chair saw the sadness in his face she hadn't meant to hurt walked over to him and sat down next to put his arms around her neck. \"You're not a monster Owen,not to me and you will never become one to me.\" Owen nodded,\"Do you know what I've been thinking before I met you?\" Abby became confused,\"What?\" \"I was always thinking of dying.I get tired of this and did you see Sally?She was tired too.\" Abby became scared and nervous,\"Wait what do you mean you were thinking you were going to die.\" Owen smiled down at her.\"I thought that why should I live anymore?So everyday I would think about how nice it would be to see the sun one last time in my life.\" Abby's eyes was thinking of no no no how could he think of that. \"What!?How could you be thinking of that?If you died then what would i have?Are you still thinking about that?\"She blurted out. Owen became surprised at this,\"No of course I don't think of this anymore.I have you are my life now,I mean that you are now my life.\" He caressed her now blushed bright chuckled at this and kissed her forehead,\"I love you Abby.\" \"I love you too.\"They fell asleep in each other's now let his guard down and then also fell asleep in the bed without even going to the trusted Abby will one day turn will to spend forever with him,but he was too tired to think next morning Abby woke up,she thought that they were going to move after Owen's kill tonight it had been 2 weeks were going to move to her Aunt Heather,but they didn't have enough money but she thought if they could go on the train but probably too long and it takes too much money,she would think of ideas with Owen at night when Owen woke up she talked about moving to her suddenly thought of an idea where they could mail themselves. \"Are you afraid of claustrophobia?\"He asked. \"Am I afraid of small spaces?\"Abby replied.\"No I don't think so.\" Then he looked at the trunk then back at knew what he was could be in somewhere forever if she was spending it with trusted agreed to the came out to the streets and asked a man in his twenties. \"Are you going to work sir?\"Owen asked. \"What?\"The man replied. \"Look,do you want to make 50 bucks for free?\" \"I don't play games son.I'm in a rush.\" \"Me too look just mail a trunk to this address.\"Owen gave the address written by man looked a trunk wasn't illegal so hey what the took the paper and went to the post he got back Owen was surprised that he was that gave the man a bonus. \"Here's another 10 dollars for being so fast.\"Owen handed the man 3 twenty dollar went back to the motel to get the gave the trunk to the man and when he wasn't looking Owen got in the trunk right in with Abby was already put his two hands on her cheeks and pulled her in a long then fell asleep with Abby in his Abby woke up she could fell that yesterday Owen had kissed opened the trunk to see if there was light were barely any light in the turned to Owen peacefully smiled at him and laid back down and held they arrived at Aunt lived 5 miles just got delivered in the town's mailboxes,but not actually in the near they arrived it was already got out of the trunk and the same as Owen and then Abby was about to say something but was interrupted by a coughing then held her forehead in pain it was blazing had widened eyes and a look of concern. \"Abby what's wrong?\"He decided to ask.\"Your head is hot.\" Abby looked up and tried to give him a look that could convince him that she was ok but this had not affected gave up trying to convince him she wasn't sick. \"I'm sick.\" \"You don't say?\"Owen said wrapped his arms around her.\"You know I'm here for you don't forget it.\" \"It's just that we've gone through too much and I don't want my silly health problems slowing you down.\" Owen pulled back furious at what she just said,\"Silly?What do you mean silly problems?I don't want you saying that what you are going through is if it was me?Wouldn't you feel mad that someone you love is being sick and that person is saying that his or her sickness is a bunch of crap?\" He then hugged her and kissed her in the held her didn't care about how tight it didn't know what to do in her condition. \"Come on we can fly the rest of the way,it will take about 1 hour or 't worry I will do anything to keep you safe and I will keep that promise forever.\" Just then Abby's heart and didn't want to tire Owen though so she had to ask if it would do him any harm. \"Won't it make you hungry?You had to try and last through yesterday.\" Owen had a nervous smile on his face,\"I can last another 2 hours but flying then after that I can only last 30 minutes it can drain fast.\" Abby's eyes widened they had only arrived in the town but it was very small it had a population of about 400 they couldn't kill anymore Abby's idea was to make peace with could try and get blood without killing,like animal's blood or IV bags from the blood just wanted Owen to have an actual family.A real home. \"No!I don't want to kill Owen,how about animal's blood I mean it won't be \"good\" as human blood but you won't need to kill I mean please try it I want us to have a normal family,you,me,and my Aunt Heather.\" She began to cry and Owen just saw how sad she was,\"I never tried but what will you say to your Aunt?You ran away from your dad and is with the run with a vampire?\" \"Please just please try it,I love you please try it I don't want you feeling guilty and possibly you dying one day I can't think of that.\"She had another coughing spasm Owen sighed he didn't want her feeling sad like this but if it didn't work he would have to kill,and that would make Abby sad and one day would leave when that happens he could finally see the sun again. \"Alright but what can I do know?I mean we can't find any blood now.\" Abby suddenly had an idea it would be risky but she took the was going to give him her blood,\"I'll need a needle to transport my blood to I don't know a bowl?Then you can take that.\" Owen became scared and if you were a vampire that killed people it's hard for you to get wasn't scared that if Abby's blood were going to poison him he was scared that Abby was giving 1 pint of blood just for could either get out of control as a scent of blood came to can harm Abby or if he couldn't hurt her but Abby can become more sick from blood loss. \"NO!What are you talking about?!I might attack you and then you would die but then even if I didn't you are going to be more sick from 1 pint blood shook her head found a needle,she learned how to get the blood since she found out how to do it when Owen was stuck it right in her arm and the blood ran to the bowl she had found near a window. Owen was almost close to attacking Abby,\"NO!\" He never got another word,the blood was already in the rushed in and drained the blood blood has quenched his he was back to found Abby laying on the wasn't unconscious but was very found her and was something he hadn't done in a very long could barely say a picked her up and flew right to where he thought where Heather's house he was knocked at what seemed like a hundred times until the door was stood Heather Elliott shocked that either there was 2 twelve year olds on the door or that her niece was now unconscious and was being carried by a boy her age. \"Wait who are you?\"Heather asked.\"What are you doing with my niece?\" \"Just get her in the house in safety please!\"Owen replied with desperation. \"Wait what's wrong with her?\" \"Please just do it I love her.\" Heather was shocked but tried to get Abby inside and had placed her in her late sister's he got back to the door Owen was gone and there on the doorstep lay a note, Thank you Heather for Abby's safety,she will explain everything tomorrow which I will return,just know I love her and she loves me Owen Heather was had just read the note of someone who had possibly been Abby's had no idea what to do but in the meantime she would know about everything Abby woke up she found herself in her Aunt's home but no sign of looked around the house she made some noise her Aunt woke up. \"Abby?You're up?\"She asked still drowsy. Abby turned around startled,\"Aunt Heather?Where's Owen?How did I get here?\" \"Owen you mean the boy who took you here yesterday?\" Abby nodded in decided to tell her about Owen and what happened. \"When I brought you to your mom's bedroom,after I got back to the door he was gone but left a note.\" She gave Abby the note Owen had read it about 10 times before agreeing that it was then started to have couldn't believe that Owen went over to comfort her niece. \"What's wrong honey?\"She asked. \"I can't believe Owen left.\"Abby replied her voice still full of hurt. \"No he didn't leave I saw how he cared for you that he will me Abby.\" Abby nodded but didn't fully agree that he would however changed when the door was rushed to the door and there it was a dark Owen stood in front of immediately collected him in her began to cry and sob again but not in sadness but in joy as she knew Owen would then Heather came in and saw the two kids hugging each however noticed her and mouthed the words 'thank you'.Heather got a cup of coffee and sat Abby released Owen and then Heather spoke up. \"Would you mind telling me what the heck is going on?!\"She asked. \"Sure but you have to invite me in.\"Owen said.\"You HAVE to say it.\" Aunt Heather had an arched eyebrow but invited him in,\"You can come in.\" \"Ok Aunt 's a long one.\"Abby began telling the story about how she met Owen and how their life was way more happier,and when they ran told about how special their bond slowly understood. \"But we want to know if we could stay here.\"Abby asked.\"He can try IV bags of blood or animal's blood so he won't need to kill anymore.\" \"You want to stay her-\"She was interrupted by a coughing spasm by Abby.\"You need blood from the butcher has lying around?They have gallons everyday and they don't ask questions why we need the blood so it's blood banks well you can rob them and try to get them.\" Abby had another coughing had a face of concern. \"Abby you ok?\"Owen hugged was the least he could do to comfort her. Abby smiled at him,\"You always know how to make me feel better.\" \"Come on you two go shower,after that Abby get something to eat.\"Heather announced.\"As for you Owen,can you heat up a plate of pasta in the fridge for her?\" \"I can manage.\"Owen replied.\"Go on Abby take your shower.\" After Abby went upstairs,Owen sat down with Heather,\"Look thank you for letting us stay here .\" \"It's the least I can do after not seeing Abby for the past 9 years.\" Owen had a curious look,\"What happened?\" \"Her dad,my brother wouldn't help when Abby's grandmother had cancer so we never spoke since then.\"Heather replied,\"Her dad,Joe never accepted it and when he finally did he still didn't help.\"At that same moment Abby came in the room with new clothes had already heated the pasta so she took it out and ate it came upstairs to Abby's mother's room to change since his clothes were he came upstairs Heather and Abby had a talk. \"I don't think Owen is a good influence for you Abby.\"Heather said quietly so Owen couldn't hear.\"What are you going to do when you grow up?Does he really love you?\" Abby had a look on her face,\"He does…Does he?I don't know if he does but if I grow up I don't know what I would do.\" \"You have to leave him one day and that day is very soon.\" Abby's eyes widened,\"NO I won't leave him Aunt Heather,he's the actual reason I deserve to be happy back in Los Alamos,*nothing* is compared to even my own parents.\"She began to however didn't need any enhanced senses to hear this one liked one would like monsters and decided to leave Abby for doesn't know if he loves him which he does,but she doesn't know dropped from his left the then flew out of the window into the pitch black night where his new life would be. ","Summary":" New story!Very similar to the to Twilight?Probably?Nah. Probably sucks like my other story. Anyways"},{"Movie":"Let Me In, 2010","Title":"Closing the Door to the Past","Author":"TorontoBatFan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8917294","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Greetings fellow Let Me In fans. It's been awhile since I've done a multi-chapter Owen and Abby story, so I thought it was time I got one up again. I've alluded to the events in this story is some of my other fics. So, this tells of the actual events. Oh, I know that I gave Owen's mother the name Yvonne in an earlier fic. Well, that was written before I had the DVD to try and see the name on her driver's license. LOL So, consider this something that I'll retcon if I ever get the chance. As I've said before...Reviews make me update faster. :-D And awayyyy we go. :-) P.S. Please consider this chapter to be the prologue. Los Alamos, New Mexico; June 17 th , 1984 The woman sat at the picnic table by her car, flipping through the magazine yet again. She'd sworn she wasn't going to look at it anymore, but found she couldn't help herself. The magazine was a Newsweek commemorative issue highlighting the just passed 40th Anniversary of D-Day in Normandy. Inside were pictures showing events such as Ronald Reagan giving his speech where he praised the men who had scaled the cliffs at Pointe-Du-Hoc. However, it was the pictures of the assembled veterans that had caught her eye. One picture, showing a group of veterans from the 82nd Airborne Division was her father; her father that she hadn't seen in nine years now. He looked very much the same. He still had the lean, strong build she remembered that a lifetime of being a rancher had given him. She noted that he even still had all of his hair and with very little grey in it as well. She shook her head dismissively and took another drink from her bottle of orange juice, savouring the effect of the immense amount of vodka she'd added into it when she'd gone to use the ladies room. Her father…Why should she wasted time thinking about him? He'd made his choice in 1975. He'd chosen to support her sodomite brother who'd forsaken his Christian marriage to a woman in order to live with a man in the Gomorra by ocean that people called San Francisco. She'd made her choice then as well. She'd severed all ties with both her father and her brother nine years ago. She'd not seen or spoken to either since. She looked at the picture again, feeling anger rise in her. The hypocrite, she thought: being in the presence of a great man like Ronald Reagan –a man who knew of the evils in the world- when her father had been a lifelong Democrat. Looking at her father's picture again, she took another great gulp of her vodka-laden orange juice. She forced herself to admit that what truly bothered her about seeing such a recent image of her father again was noting how much of her first-born son she could see in him; her son Owen, who she'd not seen in over a year. It was a weird coincidence. Her father had not tried to contact her in years. However, a week or so after Owen disappeared he'd attempted to call her. As soon as she'd heard his voice, she'd hung up. A letter sent soon afterwards was sent back unopened. She even refused to accept a registered letter. She knew she was being tested. Her son had disappeared and she was being tested by God. If she'd allowed herself to talk to her father again, she'd be giving in to the temptations of Satan and fail the test by compromising on her beliefs. Instead, she'd stayed strong and been rewarded. Right afterwards, she and her estranged husband began to talk again. Soon enough, she'd seen that her reward had come. The two of them renewed their marital vows at the very same church that had put on this Father's Day picnic. By June, she learned she was pregnant, completely validating her earlier actions. She was being given a new child to replace the one who was taken. John, her husband, had been overjoyed at the pregnancy…even if he hadn't agreed with her decision to try and forget everything that had happened before…including pondering Owen's fate. He'd been attentive to her during her pregnancy and even prevailed on her to stop drinking. Well, she'd stopped during the pregnancy. Since Johnny's birth in March, she found that vodka was a most satisfactory beverage. It could be mixed easily with anything and had no odour. It was her little secret. So far as John knew, she was still on the wagon. The vodka was what she turned to when she remembered Owen. It helped her soothe her memories. John had suggested they go for some psychological counseling to try and achieve some closure. She'd scoffed at that. Her pastor said that psychologists were all liberal atheists who wanted to turn people away from God. It was her pastor that advised her to close Owen off in her mind. He'd told her that if Owen had been abducted by a satanic cult –as the police had speculated if he was still alive- then he'd joined with them. He'd forsaken his God to preserve his life and thus forfeited his soul. So, she could consider him like her father and brother and simply close herself off to him. Her pastor –who was regarded at the most fire and brimstone preacher she'd ever heard…a far cry from the Romanism she been raised in- had been most adamant about that. After Johnny's birth, she found that the vodka helped both with the stress of post-partum depression and blotting Owen's face from her mind. Her reverie was interrupted by her husband's approach as he returned from the men's room. John Lindquist saw his wife sitting by their car, flipping through the magazine. He'd seen the picture of his father-in-law in it and knew that was what was bothering her. He could also see Owen in the man. John sighed forlornly…Owen. John had never agreed with how his wife was coping with the disappearance of their older son. John had been alternately distraught, guilt-ridden and mad with grief at the time. He'd felt that if had had still been with them Owen might never have been at the pool that night. As well, he'd refused to give up hope that Owen was still alive somewhere. He never voiced those opinions in front of Samantha though. She never reacted well to that. She also never agreed to his suggestions of seeking professional help to deal with everything. According to her, the pastor knew best. Well. John didn't agree with that either. So far as he was concerned, the pastor was a man who could scream from the pulpit about sin but seemed to have forgotten all about Christian charity or compassion. It was another subject he didn't' dare broach around his wife though. Right now, they were back together and had a new baby to look after and…His thoughts were interrupted by the throbbing ache in his right arm. John reached into his pocket with his left hand and pulled out a tin box of Tylenol as he shifted his plastered right arm in its sling. Just over a week ago, he'd taken a fall at work and badly broken his right arm, resulting in the heavy plaster cast he now wore. A result of the accident was that Samantha had to do all the driving for them, as he simply couldn't hope to drive their manual transmission vehicle with his right arm incapacitated. \"Is he still asleep, honey?\" John asked as he looked into the back seat of the car. Nestled in a car seat was Johnny, now three months old and clearly tired out from the afternoon's excursion. \"He's sleeping soundly. I just hope we can get him home that way.\" Samantha replied as the two got into the front seat. John didn't notice that she missed the ignition slot with the key the first time she tried to insert it. She got it in a second time and the car roared to life. She shifted into drive and headed out of the local park to begin the trip home. The park was located in the mountains surrounding the city, and as Samantha pulled onto the main road, she immediately had to take a sharp turn. As she took the turn –more sharply than normal- the vehicle jostled rather severely. John looked around into the back seat to make sure their baby was undisturbed. So far, so good, he thought. As he turned forward again, he noticed two things immediately….They had accelerated to over 20 mph over the posted speed limit and –worst of all- they'd drifted over into the lane for oncoming traffic. In the driver's seat, Samantha was squinting into the afternoon sun and the glare it was causing as she continued to press on the accelerator, oblivious to being on the wrong side of the road. \"Get back over…!\" John began to scream in terror. His never finished the sentence as a transport truck came round the blind turn straight at them, the horrified driver hitting his brakes and horn at the same time as he realized it was far too late to avoid the collision.[Chapter 2] Greetings dear readers. Here's the next installment of \"Closing the Door to the Past\". I made the chapter a little shorter than usual, in order to get it written and posted the same day. Hopefully that means I'll be able to update more often if I go by that format. Again, this isn't a big action chapter. It's more dialogue and reactions to news. However, it was most necessary to do so. (Of course, this isn't a huge action story.) That big review box at the bottom of the page just LOVES to be written in. :-D And awayyyy we go. :-) Monday, June 18 th , 1984 Oscar Alfredson stood up from his kitchen table and carried his lunch dishes over to the sink. As he did so, he mentally went over the chores that had to be done that afternoon. Overall, there wasn't a lot to do. He'd gotten a lot done during the morning and –as usual- a very large amount of work had been done during the night. It had become routine for Oscar to compile a list of tasks for Owen and Abby to do during the hours of darkness and he would invariably awaken in the morning to find that everything had been done. As a result, his own workload had been greatly reduced. It was almost, he thought, like he was allowing himself to get lazy. Owen and Abby, though, had made it clear that it was their contribution to keeping the place up, as well as their way of paying back his allowing them to stay here in the first place the previous March. That was rather a lucky happenstance for him, Oscar thought. When they had shown up at his door on that cold, wet night in 1983, he had been feeling worn out from a busy lambing season, as well as the general grind of decades of working his sheep ranch. He'd begun to resign himself that he would need to start hiring workers to assist him. However, the arrival of Abby –whose strength allowed her to do what it would take over a dozen men to accomplish- curtailed that. And now Owen was…turned…he could do just as much. As a result, Oscar found he had much less to do during the day. That was of course, a great help to him. It had allowed him to leave for France, for a week, at the beginning of the month without any worries that work would not get done while he was away. He'd initially thought of cancelling his trip, but his grandchildren had reminded him that he'd been planning it for almost five years. So, he'd gone with other American veterans to France for the 40th anniversary of D-Day. Oscar washed up his lunch dishes, having greatly enjoyed the leftovers from his treat from the previous night. (Owen and Abby had made a reservation and prepaid a meal for him at a steak house in Missoula. The previous morning he'd gotten a call from the restaurant informing him of the fact that it was his grandchildren's Father's Day present.) He checked his watch and saw that it was at least a half-hour before he had to go back to his few remaining chores. He walked into the living room and turned on his grandchildren's ColecoVision. (It was his own little secret that he'd gotten into the habit of playing Donkey Kong as a way of relaxing.) Oscar had just grabbed a hammer to begin smashing barrels on the screen when he heard a car pull up to the house. He shut down the game and television set and went to the window to look out. When he saw Bill Gillespie getting out of his police car, he wasn't unduly surprised or concerned. Bill was apt to drop in if some official matter brought him out in the ranch's vicinity, and the two old friends would have a cup of coffee together. (As nobody else knew of Owen and Abby's presence, everyone presumed that Oscar had nobody to talk to on a regular basis and thus needed more human contact. That, of course, was only true during daylight hours.) \"Hi Bill\" Oscar greeted the police chief from Cold Creek. \"Hi Oscar\" Bill replied in a restrained voice from a face that was wrought with stress. \"Come on in.\" Oscar said, gesturing for Bill to enter the house. \"Thanks\" Bill acknowledged. The lawman's mind was racing. He dreaded the news he had to deliver. He had, of course, done this more times than he could count during both his ten years as the chief in Cold Creek, and the twenty preceding years on the Montana Highway Patrol. However, that didn't make the task any less difficult. And this was one of his best friends that he was delivering it to. He tried to find something to say that would delay the inevitable a moment. He looked out the window. \"You got the wall back up.\" Bill said as he referred to a heavy stone wall that had come down in a bad storm the previous week. \"Yeah, it's all fixed now.\" Oscar replied. Bill nodded, in reply. The news that brought him here prevented him from being curious that as of Saturday, when he'd come over for a few hours of fly fishing at the river than ran through Oscar's property, the wall had been down. If he hadn't been so preoccupied, he might have been amazed at how it had been thoroughly rebuilt, with heavy stones put back seemingly overnight. He took a deep breath. He was a policeman and he had a job to do. He had to get this over with. \"Oscar…I think you'd better sit down.\" \"Why?\" \"I came out here, because I have something I have to tell you.\" \"What?\" Oscar asked, as he felt his pulse start to race with anxiety. \"I got a call this morning from Los Alamos.\" \"Los Alamos?\" Oscar repeated. His first thoughts were to do with Owen. He wondered if there had been some \"break\" in the case of his disappearance from there the previous spring. Of course, that wouldn't explain why Bill was coming here like that. Oscar's connection to the events in Los Alamos was not generally known in the local community, due to his daughter's severing all ties with him in 1975. \"Yes\" \"What's wrong?\" \"It's about your daughter, Samantha.\" Bill said as he took another breath. \"Oscar, I am so sorry to have to tell you this, but she and her husband were killed in a car accident down in Los Alamos yesterday evening.\" Oscar sat down heavily into a kitchen chair, his normally strong legs having turned to mush beneath him it felt like. \"What…\" was all he could manage to say. But his face gave away that he wanted to know more. Bill complied. \"It seems that Samantha and her husband had been at some sort of church picnic yesterday. They were driving home and apparently crossed over the median line on the road, right into some oncoming traffic.\" \"How could that happen?\" \"Oscar, you…\" \"Bill, I have to know.\" Oscar said in a tight voice. \"Alright\" Bill sighed. \"There were two others cars behind them that saw what happened and the occupants gave witness statements. They all said the same thing. The car was going really fast and had just drifted over to the other side of the road. A truck came around a blind curve then and there was no way it could stop in time. It was head-on. Your daughter and son-in-law never had a chance. If it's any comfort, it was over right away.\" Bill said. Ordinarily, he would never have been so direct, or told a next-of-kin that much; however, Oscar was his friend and knew him well enough that he felt he had to know everything. Bill took a second to reflect that it was a wise decision for the Los Alamos police to have contacted him and ask him to do the notification. When they'd called that morning, they were unaware he was friends with Oscar; however, they had reasoned it would be better for him to be told face-to-face rather than over the phone. (As he'd carried out this sad duty many times, Bill knew it was far better that someone was actually there.) He took another breath. \"There's more.\" Oscar noted, not asking a question. \"Yes, there is, I'm afraid. Samantha had been behind the wheel –it looks like John, your son-in-law, had a broken arm from some accident at his work and wasn't able to drive. The medical examiner did a blood test…Oscar, she'd been drinking. She was three times over the legal limit.\" Bill finished as Oscar put his hand over his forehead and rubbed his eyes and forehead, as if he was trying to get his mind working for what he had to do next. \"I have some other news too though…Good news.\" Bill went on as Oscar looked up at him from his chair. \"Your grandson…\" \"Grandson…?\" Oscar started as his eyes went to the floor above the basement root cellar, instinctively thinking of Owen –who was now deep into his daytime sleep cycle with Abby. After a second, he realized that there was no way Bill would have had any cause to mention Owen. \"Yes…Your grandson –Johnny, his name is, according to the Los Alamos Police- was in the car as well, but he's alright.\" \"Huh?\" Oscar stammered as his overstressed brain tried to work this new information in. \"Your daughter had a baby boy back in March. He's three months old and was apparently restrained in his car seat. The police and firemen who arrived at the scene found him in the back seat, crying away.\" \"And he's alright…?\" \"Yeah\" Bill said with a smile, as he was able to at least bring one piece of good news to his friend. \"He has a few minor scratches and cuts from some broken glass, but nothing else. They checked him out at the hospital there and he's fine. Social services has him in their care, pending an arrival of next-of-kin…I'm presuming that'll be you?\" \"Yes...That'll be me.\" \"Oscar, there's no words I can use to tell you how sorry I am. I don't think I ever met her…\" Bill said. He recalled she hadn't been present at the funeral after Oscar had become a widower. \"No…You didn't. She stopped talking to me about a year after you moved here. I hadn't spoken to her for almost nine years now…Will that make a difference in my being able to take in Johnny?\" Oscar said as he tried to process the dual facts that he had a new grandson now and that he would be coming to live with him. \"Mind if I asked why she stopped talking to you?\" \"I supported Lyle's decision on what to do with his life.\" Oscar said simply, as Bill had met Lyle a few times and knew about his lifestyle in San Francisco. In Bill's opinion Lyle (a respected, highly accomplished lawyer and decorated veteran of the Vietnam War) was a stand-up guy and if that was how he wanted to live his life, it was a free country \"Well, if that's the only reason, then there's no problem.\" \"I, ah, am very sorry to be rude here, Bill, but I have to make some calls….\" Oscar said. \"I understand.\" Bill said, as he began to walk to the door. \"You said that Johnny is in the custody of social services down in Los Alamos?\" \"Yes...Until you arrive.\" \"Can you please let them know I'll be there either very late tomorrow night or early Wednesday morning?\" \"I'll take care of that.\" \"Can you also tell the police there, I'm planning on having Samantha and John brought up here for burial?\" \"Consider it done. I'll see to it that everything will be set for when you get there. Are you going to drive down?\" \"Yes…I'm going to leave tomorrow, really early.\" \"Do you, ah, need some company? That's a long drive and I just thought you shouldn't be alone. I can take a few days off and…\" Bill started to say before Oscar shook his head in the negative. \"No…No thanks, but I really do appreciate the offer. I think I'd like to be alone for that.\" Oscar said, not informing Bill of the fact that he knew he would in fact have some company for the trip…between sunset and sunrise, at least. Bill Gillespie nodded in understanding as he offered his condolences again before departing. As he watched the Cold Creek police car reached the end of the driveway and turned back onto the road towards town, Oscar let out a great sigh. He forced himself to think about what he needed to do. He had –as he'd told Bill- some phone calls to make. He had to call Lyle in San Francisco. He had to call Foreman's Funeral Parlour –which was temporarily operating out of an old store in town until they could finish rebuilding the funeral home- and make arrangements. However, what he was dreading the most was something that he had to do in person. He looked at his watch and then at the western sky where the sun shone brightly. When the sun set, he had to tell Owen that his parents were dead. Being four days shy of the summer solstice, the sun set very late in the day and it was a little longer until enough light had left the sky, ushering in the hours of darkness and heralding that the time of the vampire had come again. For Oscar, sitting at the kitchen table, desultorily munching on a sandwich, the late sunset was both a blessing and a curse, as part of him wanted to put off what he had to do, while another part of him knew that it had to be done, so it was best to get it over with. Soon enough though, Oscar heard, through the open window, the sound of the root cellar door shutting and his grandchildren's voices as they walked along the side of the house to the kitchen door. The door creaked open as Owen and Abby entered the house, discussing what work would take priority tonight. \"I think we have to put some new wire up on the east perimeter fence and…Hi Grandpa.\" Owen said as they saw Oscar sitting at the table. That in itself was odd. Usually at this time of night, Oscar would be in the living room, watching some television. \"Is anything wrong?\" Abby asked. There was something about Oscar's demeanour that told her that something bad had happened. \"Yes…\" Oscar sighed as he stood up. \"Bill Gillespie was here this afternoon. He got a call earlier today from the police down in Los Alamos. Owen, I have some very bad news for you…\" Abby pushed open the door to Oscar's bedroom and stepped in. Turning on the light, she looked around. She rarely came in here –usually, it was only to bring up some laundry. But now, she wanted to leave Owen and Oscar alone and thought that packing a bag for her grandfather would be the most helpful thing she could do now. She looked around the master bedroom and smiled as she noted that it had an atmosphere that matched its occupant –warm and inviting. On the walls and dressers were numerous pictures. One was a picture of Oscar and Grandma Elina's wedding, taken in 1933. (She noted how easy it was to see how Owen resembled Oscar when the latter was young.) Another was of Oscar receiving the Distinguished Service Cross in August of 1944. Another –that was now very poignant- was of Oscar, Elina, Lyle and Samantha in a family portrait. A final one that made her smile a little, despite the circumstances was a Polaroid of her and Owen, sitting together on the couch; that had been taken at Easter this year. Abby went to the closet and took out a small suitcase. She set it on the bed, and then set about packing for the few days that Oscar expected to be away. She allowed her supernaturally acute hearing to listen to the conversation taking place downstairs. Owen and Oscar were talking quietly…calmly. Both were very much in control. It was eerie how calm they both were, having a quiet and controlled conversation, not a word wasted. Owen hadn't even broken down and cried –as Abby had thought would be natural- when Oscar told him. Owen, she knew, was following his grandfather's example. Oscar was staying in control, so Owen was staying in control. Abby sighed. She had, since joining Owen's family the previous year, noted that Oscar had a tendency to remain very calm and collected in almost all circumstances. (His flash of anger towards Jebediah was a major thing, she felt.) It was like he felt he had to set an example for everyone, so he couldn't give in to anger or grief. (Put simply, he felt that as a grown man, he wasn't allowed to cry.) Owen, she knew, practically idolized his grandfather and thus felt that he had to be like him. So, he had not allowed himself to shed any tears. Abby knew full well that everyone handled grief in a different manner. However, in her opinion, the way Owen and Oscar were handling it wasn't the healthiest way. As far as Abby was concerned, Oscar was about the most wonderful human being on the planet and was second only to Owen in terms of how much she loved someone. But, she honestly felt that his way of dealing with grief was simply unhealthy. As for Owen, Abby could only imagine what was going through his mind. The simple fact of the vampire life meant that you saw time pass you by, while people bound to the mortal realm eventually died. She suspected that truth hadn't hit home to Owen before now. And even if it had, the deaths of his parents was something so terribly abrupt –them both being taken at an age when they should have had decades before them still- that the blow was doubly strong. Abby had really never had a chance to mourn for any member of her own family. Being forced to flee Marshall Hall and her being forced to adjust to her undead existence had precluded her from having the luxury of doing so. In fact, she had no idea how or when her parents or siblings had died. At some point, after years and decades, she had intellectually realized they would have to all be dead now. But, beyond that, she did not know… As Abby went about packing her grandfather's suitcase, she reflected on the irony. Owen had never in his life lost someone very close to him. (The family estrangement at the time meant his grandmother's death had not impacted him.) Now, he had seen death take both of his parents after he himself had crossed over into the ranks of the undead and been put forever beyond the mortal coil. Much later that night, Abby walked around the flatbed of Oscar's truck. Her trunk was firmly secured to the back and even had a waterproof tarp to be put over it in case of bad weather. Before dawn, she and Owen would get into the trunk for the daytime sleep cycle. (Abby was grateful that the vampire's natural instinct for sleep would mean Owen would go right to sleep.) Shortly after, Oscar would take to the road. He planned that –barring any problems arising- they would get into Los Alamos late the next evening. She cast her senses up to Oscar's window. Thankfully, he was sleeping soundly, having taken a pill before going to bed so that he'd be rested for the long drive ahead of him. Abby looked further up and saw Owen…he was sitting on the peaked gables of the roof, looking up at the stars. In an instant, she'd flown up to the roof herself and was walking up the steep incline in her bare feet as if it were completely flat. She reached Owen and sat down next to him. He looked at her and his lips tugged upwards ever so subtly in a smile as she cuddled in against him. \"How're you doing?\" She asked him. Abby knew how foolish the statement sounded, but she couldn't think of anything else to say just then. \"I'm…\" He started to say something then stopped. He began again \"I will be alright I know…I just don't feel alright now.\" Owen said, grateful that he had Abby in his life. \"Yeah\" She said simply as she gave him a kiss on the cheek and held one of Owen's hands while she rubbed his shoulders with her other hand. She was reminded just then of their first meetings in the courtyard of Los Alamos. Back then, she'd realized that Owen seemed to greatly have a need for someone to open up to. Now, she wished Owen would open up some and release some of the pain inside of him. However, she knew she could not rush or force it. She would simply wait and be there for when Owen finally allowed himself to open up. It was ironic, Abby thought, that she was reminded just then of their first meeting in Los Alamos. Since, when they arose the following evening, they would indeed be back in Los Alamos, New Mexico.[Chapter 3] Greetings, dear readers. I hope everyone has had a good Easter. Well, here is my next installment in Owen and Abby's ongoing story. I apologize if this story is both not as dramatic or romantic as previous ones. I didn't plan it that way, but it's just how the nature of the plot turned out. This is them dealing with a family tragedy and is about how they get through it together. FYI, Econo-Travel was the forerunner of Econo Lodge. The name wasn't changed to its present incarnation until 1989, in case anyone was wondering if I made up the name of the motel Grandpa Oscar stays at. Also, I do hope that the relative shortness of the chapters aren't putting anyone off who is used to my longer style. I just found that writing shorter chapters made it easier to write and get a chapter posted. I won't repeat my usual plea for reviews...Oh wait, I just did. LOL And awayyyy we go. :-) Owen opened his eyes. As always, since his induction into the ranks of the undead, the world around him came into sharp focus as soon as he awoke. He took in his surroundings. He was in the trunk, curled up, with Abby lying interconnected with him in the confined space. He looked at her, and saw her blue eyes were also open. \"Hey\" She said softly, after giving him a quick kiss. \"Hey\" He replied. \"It's dark out?\" Abby asked. She figured it had to be, as the dead sleep of the vampire generally only ended with the instinctive knowledge that the sun was now gone again. Owen twisted his arm in the small area and looked at his wristwatch. It confirmed that it was past time for last of day's light to have fled the sky. \"Yeah, it's dark.\" He said simply. Abby sighed to herself. Owen was holding it together all too well, she thought. \"I guess we're here. I don't feel like we're moving.\" Abby said. \"Yeah\" Owen replied. \"I wonder where we are.\" \"Huh?\" \"I mean, I wonder if we're close to where I lived before.\" \"There's only one way to find out.\" \"Yeah…You're right.\" Owen said as he undid the internal lock and pushed the trunk's lid up a crack. He looked through the opening and saw that they appeared to be in the parking lot of a motel. Owen allowed his enhanced senses to cast about. He couldn't hear or smell any strangers close by. It was safe for him and Abby to get out without anyone seeing them. He pushed the lid all the way up and stood in the trunk, giving Abby his hand to pull herself up. (She didn't need it, but Owen liked doing small, chivalrous things like that for her.) In a blur of speed, Abby was out of the trunk and standing beside Oscar's parked pick-up truck. In a matching burst of vampire speed, Owen had shut the trunk's lid again and was standing beside Abby on the gravel. He reached into the flatbed and grabbed his sneakers that he'd left there before dawn to try and preserve space. (The trunk was definitely a tight fit. The only things that made it feasible for them was the fact that he and Abby went instantly to sleep as the sun rose and that they didn't move when they slept.) Abby, always, was in her bare feet. \"Where's Grandpa?\" Abby asked, looking at the line of motel rooms that faced out onto the parking lot. Owen stood up from lacing his sneakers and turned his head slowly. He stopped and pointed to a door almost directly in line with where the truck was parked. \"There. I can pick up his scent. He's in that room.\" Owen said with assurance. \"Bravo\" Abby commented with a small smile at her mate. She had known full well which room Oscar was in, but she wanted to see how Owen's ability to perceive things with his new senses was progressing. She was impressed with the progress he was making. He had begun to let go of the limitations he had once thought would constrain him and was finding that his new abilities were exceeding anything he had thought they could be. The two vampires walked up to the heavy motel door and knocked. Within a few seconds, they heard the lock being undone and the door opened to reveal Oscar. \"Hi there\" He said in a tired voice. \"I was waiting for you two to get up, before I went to get something to eat.\" \"How long ago did we get here?\" Owen asked. \"About forty-five minutes. I made good time all the way down. I had time to take a shower before you knocked.\" Oscar said stepping back from the door to allow his grandchildren access. Owen and Abby just stood there though, looking at him expectantly. He caught their look. \"What's…? Oh, sorry…I honestly forgot.\" Oscar said with embarrassment. \"Owen, Abby…You can both come in.\" He'd become so used to them entering the ranch house freely, as they'd both long been invited and it was their home, combined with his fatigue from over fifteen hours of driving, that he'd forgotten about the need to have them be invited before they could cross the threshold into his room. The two vampires stepped across the threshold and shut the door behind them. Abby took in the room. It wasn't anything special. It was a cheap –but apparently very clean- motel room. She'd stayed in far more than her share of them during her nomadic years. She looked over into the bathroom and saw that there was a bathtub, rather than a shower stall, so she and Owen could sleep in there the following morning rather than the trunk. \"Where do we go from here?\" Owen asked. His face was alarmingly impassive and his voice was tight. His grandfather sat down on one of the room's two chairs consulted a notepad. \"I made a few calls after I took a shower. Tomorrow, I'll go see Johnny and fill out the paperwork. I'll also…I'll also claim your parents.\" Oscar said; his efforts to stay in control evident in his voice. \"They'll be sent home for the funeral. Then I'll go over to where your parents were living and I'll pack up what I can. The rest of their things will have to be shipped back home, or I guess I'll just find someone here to take them.\" \"That's tomorrow.\" Owen observed. \"What can we do tonight?\" He was obviously anxious to keep busy. \"There's not much we can do tonight. Everything is closed now.\" \"Maybe Abby and I could…We could go to their place and start packing stuff up.\" Before Oscar could give his opinion on that, Abby spoke. \"I don't think we can. It's a home. We can't enter it.\" She said simply, deliberately not mentioning that there was no longer anyone to invite them in. In truth, she wasn't sure if the rule for an invitation applied now that the people whose home it was were dead. Johnny was still alive, of course, but he couldn't issue an invitation. However, even if they could enter freely, Abby knew that two kids rummaging around in the middle of the night would attract attention. And, if anyone saw them and saw Owen…There was a very good chance he might be recognized. Not nearly enough time had passed for anyone to expect Owen to look differently. Despite the year of growth and filling out, Owen would still be instantly recognized as Samantha Lindquist's son, the missing boy from the pool massacre. And Abby knew that Owen being seen and recognized would be a sure way to make this situation even worse. (And even if that risk wasn't present, she wasn't sure if Owen packing up his parent's belongings was something that would improve his emotional state.) Her eyes met Oscar's and a sort of communication passed between them. Her surrogate grandfather rubbed his eyes and reached into his pocket, pulling out some change. \"Owen, can you do me a favour? I'm dying of thirst from the drive. Can you head on over to the vending machine outside and get me a couple of cans of Coke?\" \"Sure Grandpa.\" Owen said absently as he took the change and went out into the darkness. As soon as he left, Oscar gestured for Abby to come close to him. He whispered to her urgently. \"This was a mistake, I think. There's really nothing you two can do here. You can't do anything to help during the daytime and it would look too strange to have you around anyone at night.\" \"I was thinking the same thing.\" Abby whispered back. \"We'll sleep in the bathtub today. Tomorrow evening, Owen and I will fly back home.\" \"What about the trunk? Can you make it back in one night?\" \"We might. But even if we can't, there are ways to find shelter during the day. I know how to find places. You wouldn't have to worry about that.\" \"I'm sorry. I really should have thought of this yesterday.\" \"Don't be sorry. It's all happened so suddenly…\" Abby's whisper was caught off by the sound of Owen returning. He pushed the room door open and entered, carrying two red cans of Coca-Cola in one hand and was carrying the trunk in the other. \"Thanks\" Oscar said as he took one can and opened it. He glanced down at Abby, who took the hint. She looked over at Owen who was putting the trunk against the wall where it would be out of the way. \"Owen, Grandpa and I were thinking…\" Abby started to say, before Owen interjected. \"I heard. You think we should go home tomorrow night.\" \"Yes. Do you mind that?\" Abby asked as Owen sighed wearily. \"I guess not. I wanted…I guess I wanted to see where they were living. What it was like for them. But, you're right. We couldn't enter, so there's not much we could do to help. I guess we could do more at home, by getting things ready there.\" Owen said quietly. His restrained voice reminded Abby of how he sounded the night they first met. \"I'm sorry Owen. I should've thought of this before.\" Oscar said. \"I do think it would be more of a help if you went back and got stuff ready at home.\" \"Ok\" Owen sighed again. \"What're you going to do now?\" \"I'm going to go over to the restaurant and get dinner. Then I need to get some sleep. It was a really long drive. Do you two want to use the bathtub in the morning to sleep in? I'll be heading out then to start the arrangements here.\" \"Yes\" Abby replied. \"There's no window in the bathroom. It'll be good and dark with the door closed.\" \"That's fine. Do you two want to watch the television or something while I go to dinner?\" Oscar asked. Before Abby could speak up, Owen answered. \"Actually…I want to go look around. I...I'm not going to ever come back here. I need to do some things.\" He said with a soft intensity. Oscar nodded in understanding. He knew from what Owen had told him of what his life was like here, that there were many wounds that still ached. He wondered if Owen coming along would help or set back those wounds healing. Owen's grandfather silently wondered again at his daughter's mindset in those times. Had she not realized just how much pain her son was in? Had she been so ensnared by her own demons that she didn't realize how badly neglected Owen had been? More than once since Owen had re-entered his life, Oscar had thought that if he'd known how bad things were in Los Alamos, he might have tried to obtain custody of his grandson. Of course, he realized he likely would have had little chance of prevailing legally. (One of his platoon mates from the war was now a lawyer specializing in family law. During their trip to Normandy, Oscar had asked the man –hypothetically- about such a scenario. His friend had told him that if he had, the odds of him winning would not have been good.) And of course, Oscar realized, if he had somehow gotten Owen away from Los Alamos then, he would have not met Abby. Oscar had long realized that no matter what bad things had happened to Owen during those years of separation, his meeting Abby was –to Owen- what made it all up to him. It was useless, really, to go crazy pondering 'what ifs' and speculating on other fates. (Oscar realized if anyone had just cause to do so, it was Abby; but she'd seemingly accepted the reality of her life. Of course, having someone to share time with likely helped her do so now.) This was the hand they'd all been dealt. The only thing to do was play it out as best they could. \"Ok son…You and Abby go do that. I'll go to dinner. They gave me a spare key so you two take it, in case I'm in bed when you get back.\" \"Thanks Grandpa. We'll be back later.\" Owen said, as he and Abby exited the room into the darkened parking lot. The two vampires ducked into the shadows behind the building, and seconds later a pair of shadowy figures lifted off into the night sky of Los Alamos. Oscar was locking the door to his room as he caught a glimpse of them taking off. In all honesty, some of the things the two of them were capable of was still a hard concept for him to grasp. He hoped Owen was handling all of this as best he could. He suspected his grandson was taking after him in being stoic in the face of tragedy. Oscar rather wished that wasn't so. He was the product of a time when people –men especially- were expected to stay in control. Owen was not. At least, he thought. Owen had Abby with him. He knew that it would be Abby's presence that would see his grandson through this. Oscar checked the lock on the door, and began to walk over to the diner. In another part of Los Alamos, in an upscale hotel room, a dark haired man in his early forties spoke into the telephone. \"Yes, the Econo-Travel out by the highway coming into town. I'll find it.\" The man said as he wrote the name and address on a scratch pad. \"Thank you…I'll be in touch.\" The man hung up the phone and stood up. He pulled on a leather jacket and exited his room. As he walked to the elevator, he planned on asking the concierge for the directions that would take him to the motel where Oscar Alfredson was staying at. He figured that his appearance would be a surprise, the man thought as the elevator doors opened and he stepped in.[Chapter 4] Greetings dear readers. I do apologize for the delay since the last chapter. However, I'm afraid I've been plagued by a million and one nagging details in real life that have eaten into my writing time. Rest assured, I am not giving up on this fic. Indeed, I have other Owen/Abby fics in mind. However, I think that just the nature of this story -essentially tying up an end of Owen's old life- just doesn't inspire me to come up with stuff the way my other plotlines do. But, I will get this story completed. Then, I'll move onto some more juicy stories for our vampire protagonists. I found this chapter rather hard to get out. It wasn't until the last segment there that things really started to flow. I was tempted to continue, but I thought that it was a rather natural ending where I stopped. Oh, were any of you able to guess the identity of the dark-haired man in the leather jacket who made an appearance at the end of the last chapter? If you did, my heartiest congratulations. Nonetheless, I do hope everyone enjoys it. I still love reviews though. :-) And awayyyy we go. :-D Oscar tiredly walked to the diner that adjoined the motel. He was feeling his age, he thought to himself. The long drive down from Montana had drained him more than he had thought it would. He felt very stiff from the enforced idleness behind the wheel of his pick-up truck, despite the long, hot shower he'd taken upon arrival. His mind was also full of the many tasks and challenges that lay ahead of him. He would have to see about having his daughter and son-in-law's bodies sent to Montana for burial in the family plot at the local cemetery. He had to clear out their home the best he could in the time available. And he had to arrange a time to formally take charge of his youngest grandchild. That thought alone caused him concern. He'd realized on the trip down that he was now –at his age- going to have to raise a child again. When Owen and Abby had come to live with him the previous winter, the sheer surprise at the circumstances –and the peculiar situation Abby's condition brought to the table- had overruled any concerns there. As well, after settling in Owen had proven to be quite independent. He and Abby tended to look after themselves and had even begun to ease much of the burden of running the ranch off of his shoulders. But now, he would essentially be starting all over again with raising a child. And, of course, there was the fact that he'd just lost his daughter. He was coping with that fact for two reasons. The first was his natural calm stoicism in the face of adversity. His own father and grandfather had been like that, and he took after them. The second reason was the simple fact that Samantha had been out of his life for so long and so completely that he'd long ago mourned her loss. It was when she had refused to return to Montana for her mother's funeral that he'd realized that he had truly lost her and had actually done his mourning then. All these things though, he knew, would still be there for him to cope with tomorrow. For right now though, he just wanted a good, hot dinner. As he was about to open the door to the diner he suddenly noticed something. The familiar bulge of his wallet was missing from his back pocket. Oscar silently cursed to himself as he recalled that he'd set it on the bedside table and had forgotten to pick it up again. The rancher turned around trotted back to his room. Opening the door, he saw his wallet where he thought it would be. Pocketing it, he left his room again…resetting the lock on the door but neglecting to pull it totally shut. Owen and Abby flitted silently through the dark Los Alamos skies. Owen looked down upon his former home. When he'd lived here he would have never in a million years have thought that one day he'd be able to fly over it and look down on it like he was. Of course, of all the possible futures he imagined for himself then –most of which, he conceded, involved elaborate revenge schemes upon his sadistic tormentors- becoming a vampire was not one of them. Not that he was upset at the hand that fate had dealt to him. He was strong now. He could do amazing things –like fly. And best of all, he could now spend forever with Abby. For a few seconds, Owen was actually able to forget about the reasons why they'd returned to this place he'd hated so deeply. He glanced over at Abby as the night's breeze blew her long blonde hair about. He wondered at her thoughts on returning here. Abby then changed direction slightly and Owen followed. Soon enough they came upon a large, white building and Abby guided the two of them to set down in an empty parking lot. \"Where are we?\" Owen asked as he tried to orient himself, looking around to see if he recognized any of the landmarks. \"Hospital\" Abby replied. \"We need to feed; you especially.\" \"I'm not that hungry.\" Owen said. \"Trust me. If we're going to fly home tomorrow night we'll both need to feed.\" Abby said seriously. \"If you say so.\" Owen replied. Abby noted, with concern, how flat his voice seemed. In the month since his turning, being able to fly usually had practically ebullient with excitement. He turned towards the building. \"So, how do we do this?\" Abby had, in the last year, become quite adept at blood bank heists. He was still learning the art of it though. \"What do we do?\" Owen asked her as she looked the building over. \"Follow me.\" Abby said simply and vanished in a blur of speed. Owen followed without a word. She took flight then and led them up to the roof. As Owen set his feet upon the tarpaper roof he gave her an inquisitive look as if to ask where they were to go now. Abby gave him a half-smile and walked calmly over to the stairwell door. \"They don't lock it?\" Owen asked as his mate pulled it open. \"They probably figure that nobody can get up here any other way but the stairs.\" Abby replied as she and Owen entered the stairwell. She'd perfected this technique at hospitals all over the Rocky Mountains in the last year. It was very rare for a hospital to not have stairwell access to the roof. Those that didn't, she would sneak in through the loading dock areas. Her speed –and ability to attach herself to the ceiling if need be- ensured that nobody ever saw her. Owen had only done this once or twice since his turning in May and he was still reliant on her to get them in and out undetected. The two vampires silently crept down the flights of stairs, luckily not encountering anyone. Soon enough they reached the basement where –as a rule, Owen had found out- hospitals usually placed their blood banks. They crept through the still corridors, senses attuned for the approach of any hospital staffers. However, although they both could hear voices of hospital workers in a few laboratories and rooms, they were few and far between (apparently most of the labs and offices down here operated during the daytime only, with only a few that were staffed during the overnight shift) and none of them seemed to detect their presence. The hospital PA was fairly quiet as well, only occasionally putting out a routine call. Owen figured that as it was a Tuesday night, the hospital wasn't jumping with activity like it might be on a weekend night when perhaps more people were brought into the emergency room. Soon, they entered the main blood bank. Abby opened a fridge to reveal scores of intravenous bags filled with blood. Owen heard himself give a low growl and actually felt himself salivate a little at the sight of so much blood. It still amazed him. Barely a month ago, such a sight would've aroused his curiosity or interest, but little more. But now…It was like if he was looking at a prime cut of steak back when he was human. He wanted very badly to feed just then. He realized that Abby was correct –as she generally was about such things. He was still getting a grip on his new abilities and urges, and thus should feed more often to ensure he was always sated. Abby efficiently surveyed the fridge's items. She swiftly and silently removed bags of type \"O\", as that was the most prevalent type –ensuring that there was a more than adequate supply left behind- as well trying to take bags that were closing in on their \"use before\" date, as she figured that they would be discarded soon anyway. (As important as feeding was. Abby didn't want to deprive the hospital of the more rare blood types or take quantities that would leave them wanting, if she could possibly avoid it.) The two vampires had shortly gathered up enough blood bags both for that night and to have before their flight home the following night. (Abby had packed a cooler bag in the pick-up truck for that very purpose. She planned to get some ice from the motel vending machine and store the bags so she and Owen could feed before leaving at dusk the next day.) Owen and Abby then retraced their steps to the roof and took to the sky. They landed in a park close to the hospital. There, they retreated into the shadows of the trees as they sat down to have their dinner. Abby wrenched the valve of a blood bag off easily and drank off a quarter of the contents. Despite the unappetizing cold temperature of the blood, a placid smile came over her as she savoured the taste and the filling sensation. The blonde vampire's eyes then settled on the hospital, just visible down the road, and her face fell a little as she recalled the previous time she'd been there. Her mate noticed. \"What's wrong?\" Owen asked as he lowered his own blood bag from his mouth and used his tongue to hungrily lick off any blood from his lips and around his mouth. \"The hospital here…It's where Thomas died.\" Abby said quietly as she remembered her long-time companion and guardian's unhappy life and even more unpleasant death. Owen said nothing, as she had long ago told him Thomas' ultimate fate. \"When we decided to come here –to Los Alamos- I had a feeling…It was almost like some sort of intuition, I guess…That the move here wasn't going to be like all the others. I didn't tell Thomas that though. I figured he would just get upset. He got upset a lot towards the end; I can't say I blame him, now.\" Abby mused as she tried to imagine what Thomas' mental and emotional state would've been after decades of a nomadic life and almost thirty years of gathering blood for her. The mental picture she was able to conjure up was not a pleasant one. \"How did you think it would be different?\" Owen asked. \"I don't know. I just did. Most of the time, when we moved, we would stay in town for months…Sometimes a year, or more, if we could. We would move when the papers began to really start to mention people going missing…and then turning up dead and drained of blood. Occasionally, if the people we found were, well, not the types who'd be missed, we could stay longer. We would stay until we figured people might start to notice I don't get any older.\" Abby sighed as she recalled her old way of living. \"But Los Alamos, it just felt different from the minute we arrived.\" \"In what way?\" \"I don't know. I just did. I know, from the start, I did things that I never did before.\" \"Like what?\" \"Talking to you in the courtyard that night when you were stabbing the tree. I never actually let myself be seen much or talked to anyone. There was no point. I couldn't let anyone get close enough that they'd start to wonder about me. And if I ever did, I knew I'd have to leave sooner or later.\" \"That's why you said we couldn't be friends then?\" \"Yes.\" \"What made you that different for you?\" \"I don't know. That night I just felt like I wanted to get out of the apartment. Maybe I was just getting tired of the same routine.\" Abby said with a slight shrug to her shoulders. \"All I know is that something about you made me feel connected to you.\" \"Maybe it's because you were alone and you saw that I was alone too.\" Owen replied as he studied his the nearly empty IV bottle that had contained his dinner. \"I thought that if you didn't have any friends either, maybe you'd want to be my friend after all.\" \"Maybe\" Abby sighed as she looked back towards the building where Thomas had spent his last hours. \"I just wish I'd known then what I know now. I could've spared Thomas from all of that. I watched him fall from the window, all the way down to the ground. Drinking from him and letting him fall…That was about the only kind thing I was able to do for him anymore at that point. All of those years and that was all I could do for him at the end.\" Abby sighed, the guilt evident in her voice. \"He knew that you and I were getting closer, you know. He felt threatened. He felt jealous. I think he sensed that I was starting to feel for you what he felt for me…but I didn't feel back for him.\" \"Had he ever wanted…to be turned?\" \"He never asked me outright about it.\" \"What would you have done if he had?\" \"I…I don't know. I loved him, but I wasn't in love with him; I knew that much. I couldn't' stand the thought of turning him and then him spending forever trying to get me to feel something for him I just didn't. But, at the same time I just let him get older while he kept hoping I'd start to feel that for him.\" Abby sighed and shook her head. \"I read once that insanity is defined as doing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different result. Well, if that's true then Thomas was a living example of that. I guess, the only real thing I could've done to have spared him was to have left him years before. He could've lived a normal life.\" \"Do you think so?\" \"He'd have forgotten about me in time.\" \"Is that why you left without me, that first time?\" \"Yes.\" Abby said with a sad smile. \"I saw what happened to Thomas. I wasn't going to repeat my mistake and force you to live that life. I thought I'd just leave. You'd forget about me and you would have had a happy, normal life.\" \"No…I'd have never been able to forget you.\" Owen said taking her hand in his. \"I think it would have just gotten worse for me. I would've always been looking. I'd always be hoping that someday you'd come back to me. I think that would've been just as bad, in its own way, as what Thomas went through.\" \"I suppose.\" Abby said quietly as she savoured her mate's closeness. As much as she treasured the life she now had, she wished that she could've found some way to save Thomas from his fate. She wished futilely that he could've met someone years before who did love him back the way he always wanted her too. If that had happened, Abby would've simply left and allowed Thomas to live out a normal and happy life. \"You came to me then, didn't you? That night you came to my room and got into my bed. It was the night Thomas died, wasn't it?\" \"Yes.\" \"Why'd you do that?\" \"I didn't want to be alone then. It hit me that you were the only other person in the world who even knew what my name is. You were all I had left. I guess I just wanted to feel you close to me then.\" Owen smiled to himself as he recalled how wonderful it had been to find Abby had someone snuck into his room and crawled into his bed…Even if, in hindsight, he really should've been more curious as to how she was able to in so easily. \"I'm glad you did.\" Owen said as he slid close to her, inhaling and enjoying the smell of the trees and the night, subtly mixed in with the fragrant smell of Abby's hair that came from the shampoo she used. It had been soon after that night –when he'd been telling Abby about how he'd hit Kenny with the pole and been rewarded by a kiss to the cheek- that he'd learned the truth about her. An old question rose to his mind. \"Abby, that night you came to my room…\" \"Yeah?\" \"What if I'd turned around?\" \"Huh?\" \"You told me not to turn around when you came in through the window. Why not? I could hear that was how you got in.\" Abby turned and looked at him. \"I had Thomas' blood on me. I didn't want you to see that.\" Owen met her look. \"What if I had?\" \"I don't know. What would you have said?\" \"I don't know. What if I'd asked you straight out what was going on?\" \"I think…That I'd have told you the truth.\" \"For real?\" \"Yeah, for real. I was already thinking that sooner or later I would.\" \"Had you ever told anyone the truth before?\" \"Unless they were…like Thomas…never.\" \"Why would I have been different?\" \"I just felt like I wanted nothing between us. If that meant you knowing the truth about me, then I would tell you the truth.\" Abby said softly. \"How would you have taken it?\" \"I don't know. I think I'd have figured you were joking, or something. That's what I thought when you told me you'd flown up to my window.\" Owen said as he realized that if he hadn't seen Abby's vampire nature revealed to himself in the basement room he might have taken quite a bit of convincing for him to realize she was telling the truth. Of course, he thought, it really was academic now. He found out. He –eventually –accepted it. He was a vampire now as well. There wasn't much more to dwell on. Owen caught himself. He realized just then, that for a few minutes, he'd allowed himself to forget why they'd returned to Los Alamos in the first place. He stole a glimpse of Abby sitting in the shadows beside him. Her long blonde hair was messy from the combination of being crammed in the trunk all day followed by their flight. Her clothes –a purple blouse and rather short skirt- were wrinkled for the same reason. He knew that she'd consider herself to be looking less than her best. (Since settling into a comparatively normal life in Montana, Abby had allowed herself to become quite fastidious about being clean and looking neat.) Yet to him, she looked beautiful. He knew that she was the reason he was handling this loss so well. He leaned over and kissed her. \"What was that for?\" Abby inquired when the kiss broke. \"Just because.\" Owen said simply. Then, \"You're warm.\" \"What?\" \"I've noticed since I was turned, you feel warm now, when I touch you and when I kiss you. Before, your skin and everything always felt cool to me.\" Abby smiled wryly at his words. \"Well, I never told you, but before your skin always felt kind of hot. Now it's just warm. I'm pretty sure it's because before you had blood moving through your body normally. You were…alive. So my body would've felt cold in comparison.\" \"It's so weird to say that. We're not alive.\" \"It's weird but it's true. We're not alive…Not by normal standards at least. We're, well, the living dead; the undead. That's what vampires are.\" Abby said. \"Our bodies are the same now. That's why there isn't a temperature difference anymore.\" Owen rose to his feet and chivalrously offered his hand to Abby as she stood. \"Do you think we can make it back home tomorrow night without stopping?\" Owen asked. He was well aware that they were two days away from the longest day of the year in the Northern Hemisphere –which meant the shortest night in correlation. \"I'm not sure. If it was winter, I'm pretty sure we could manage it no problem. But with the nights so short, I can't be certain.\" \"What would we do if we can't?\" \"Oh, that's not a big problem. We could find plenty of safe places during the day.\" \"Abandoned buildings or something?\" \"Yes, in an emergency. But there's a simpler way and one with far less chance of someone discovering us by accident.\" \"What's that?\" \"It's easy. We just land somewhere in the countryside and dig a hole. We can dig one very fast and then just bury ourselves under the loose earth. Once we're under a few feet of dirt, the sun can't get to us and nobody would find us unless they took the trouble to dig all that way down themselves –and that's if anyone even chances across where we are, which is really unlikely to begin with.\" \"You've done that before?\" \"Tons of times. There's nothing to it. The only downside is that once we dig ourselves out the next evening, we really can't let anyone see us.\" \"Why not?\" \"We'd look like we'd been buried alive, more or less. It would be really hard to come up with any really decent excuse that didn't seem even weirder.\" Abby pointed out logically. \"Did you ever meet anyone who got really suspicious?\" \"No. Once, I had to go into a town once I got up. There was a river going through the middle of it. Before I let anyone see me, I went and jumped in. That got a lot of dirt off and I just told anyone who saw me after that, that I'd been playing by the riverbank and fallen in. Nobody questioned me, and a few people even offered to give me a lift to my home so I could change.\" Abby related. Owen gathered up the remaining bags of blood and put them in a plastic bag he'd been carrying in his pocket. He figured they would be enough to fill them up before they left for home the next night. He and Abby walked through the park until they found a nicely secluded spot. They both cast about with their enhanced senses, finding nobody close enough to see them take off. \"Is there anywhere you want to go?\" Abby asked. \"Yeah. I want…I want to go back to the old complex. I need to see it one last time.\" \"Ok. We'll do that. But, let's go back to the motel first to put these into the cooler so they'll keep until tomorrow.\" Abby said as she pointed to the bag full of blood containers \"I forgot about that.\" Owen admitted. He wrapped the bag tightly in his hand. \"Ready?\" He asked his loved. \"Let's go.\" Abby replied as the two lifted into the sky of their mother night. The dark blue, 1983 Oldsmobile Eighty-Eight sedan pulled into the Econo-Travel parking lot. The dark-haired man, in the leather jacket, looked about the parking lot, trying to locate his quarry. There, he thought. That has to be it. Parked in front of a room was a large, dusty pick-up truck with Montana license plates. The man pulled his car into a neighbouring parking spot and shut off the engine. He got out of the car and stretched himself out. He was tired. He'd had a long day of travel. He shut his car door and walked up to the room. His steps were silent, the man realized. He'd picked up the habit of walking stealthily in Vietnam and it was a habit he'd never dropped. He stopped in front of the door where the pick-up truck was parked. He figured this was the room corresponding to the parking spot. He knocked on the door, straining his ears to try and pick up any movement from inside. The dark-haired man knocked again, this time with a little more force, as he pondered whether Oscar Alfredson might be in the shower. (As the lights in the room were on, he figured the man hadn't gone to bed.) As he knocked harder, the door swung open from the impact. The man was taken aback for an instant. He wasn't expecting this. He pushed the door open fully. Inside it looked like a typical motel room layout. There were two beds, a dresser, a television set and the door leading to the bathroom. A suitcase was laying open on a stand and strangely enough, there was a large old-fashioned steamer trunk sitting neatly against a wall. Just then, the man thought he heard a rustling from above, like something had passed above him in the night sky. He paid it no mind. Looking about to see if anyone was there, he stepped into the room. Owen and Abby landed in the shadows behind the motel building and walked around to where the room doors were. Abby was still worried about Owen. He still appeared to be bottling everything up inside of him. Perhaps a visit to the old apartment complex where they had both lived would…well, Abby wasn't sure what she wanted there. She did think that if Owen would just let go, or something, she'd feel better. If he cried, if he vented anger about how unfair it was…any sort of reaction…it would be less unnerving than him holding it all in like he was. She was about to say something when Owen stopped dead in his tracks and pointed ahead. \"Look!\" He said. Abby complied. The door to Oscar's room had been pushed open and someone was walking in. It was a broad-shouldered man with dark hair and was wearing a leather jacket. That was all she could tell from here. But what was he doing in their grandfather's room and –most importantly- where was their grandfather. Before Abby could give voice to any of these concerns, a growl came from beside here. She looked and saw that Owen was running forward. His face had taken on the bestial appearance that it did when hungered and the blood lust came upon them…or when angered. Abby had no idea who this man was and what he was doing there. But she did know that things had taken a most serious turn and that she had to prevent something bad from happening as she broke into a run herself. Oscar emerged from the diner and took a breath of the night air. He had to admit that the meal had been a pretty good one for such a simple place. Their daily special of meat loaf had been of good quality and a more than adequate portion and the special had included soup and a dessert. The good hot food, and the chance to unwind from the day's drive had done wonders for his emotional state. Stretching, the rancher walked back to his room, figuring that he'd watch a little television before going to sleep. He knew that the following day would be a busy one. He noticed then, that someone had parked next to his truck. It was an Oldsmobile Eighty-Eight, with an Alamo Rent-A-Car sticker on the bumper. Then, he noticed two things of infinitely greater importance. One, the door to his room was open, as light was spilling out into the courtyard. Two, Owen was charging forward into the room with a look on his face that caused his grandfather to involuntarily shiver. A very worried looking Abby was hot on his heels. Oscar broke into a sprint himself as he dashed towards the door to his room. The dark haired man in the leather jacket looked about. It was clear that the room was empty. He wondered where the pick-up truck's driver was. Of course, he realized, he might be getting something to eat. He should have thought of that before. He was in the midst of deciding if he should await his quarry here, or try to make contact at the diner, that it happened. He cast a glance out the door –which was still open- when some…thing…burst into the room. It all happened so fast, he couldn't get a good look or even see what was happening. The figure was pale and its face looked like something demonic…but was oddly familiar. It crashed into him with a fury the man had not known since his days of high school football. The leather-clad man was slammed into the wall of the room with a teeth-rattling impact as the stranger grabbed him by front of his jacket. The figure was then lifting him clear off the floor, despite being shorter than him. In seconds, his feet were dangling off the floor. He grabbed frantically at the things hand, but found the grip was like an iron vise. Just then a girl appeared in the room. She was maybe twelve or thirteen, wearing a short skirt with a purple blouse and was in her bare feet. Her eyes went wide as she saw his face. Panic has seized Owen. As soon as he saw his grandfather's room door open and this stranger milling about, he had lost control of himself. It was perhaps a combination of stress over his parents, combined with worry over not knowing what was going on. He knew that there was nothing he could do now about his parents. However, he was definitely not going to let anything happen to his grandfather. He charged ahead, into the room, mildly aware that his face had taken on a demonic look. He crashed into the main like a train and in seconds had the man pinned against the wall. That's when Abby's voice reached him, telling him to stop… Abby was hot on Owen's heels as he charged into the room and hit the stranger with a bone rattling impact. She was worried too about the whereabouts of Oscar, but she was far more in control than Owen was. And the stranger…He was giving off a scent that seemed oddly familiar. She instantly connected it with their home on the ranch, more specifically Owen's old room upstairs where he'd slept before being turned. This man's scent lingered in that room. Then she looked at his face and her eyes went wide. She knew his face! She'd seen it before! Her mind sought to connect where. It was in Owen's old room again. She gasped as she placed his face. It was in a picture on the wall. She regarded the man now struggling to break free of Owen's grip. She mentally took nineteen years off of the man's age…imagined his face lined with fatigue…and imagined him in a U.S. Army uniform being photographed in Vietnam. She knew who this was. \"Owen, stop! Owen it's your uncle…\" She yelled frantically but was cut off by a voice from behind. \"Lyle?!\" Oscar's voice sounded behind her. All three occupants of the room turned to the sound of his voice. Oscar was standing in the doorway with wide eyes and a slack jaw as he took in the scene before him. \"It's alright Owen. Put him down.\" Owen looked from the man in his grasp to his grandfather and back again. He finally recognized his Uncle Lyle, who he hadn't seen in so many years he couldn't remember. He lowered his uncle as gently as he could to the floor and stepped back, holding up his hands to show that he wasn't going to try and hurt him. \"Uh, hi Uncle Lyle.\" Owen said sheepishly, feeling somewhat embarrassed by his overreaction. \"Sorry about that.\" Lyle Alfredson gasped as he was released, he was pleasantly surprised that his legs didn't buckle beneath him. He looked around. Of all the things he expected when he flew in from San Francisco that day, being physically attacked was the least of his expectation. \"Dad?!\" He gasped, still amazed at the strength he'd witnessed. He himself had been athletic his whole life, and still kept in shape. But, he knew that he hadn't stood a chance against whoever that was. He looked again at the figure and got an even greater shock. It was his nephew Owen! His nephew Owen who was officially listed as being \"missing presumed dead\" for over a year now. His nephew Owen who had just manhandled him like a rag doll. \"Dad, what the hell is going on here?\" \"What're you doing here Lyle?\" \"I flew in this afternoon. I thought you could use some support. I could help with the legalities if they try to tie you up with red tape when you take custody of Johnny.\" The San Francisco attorney replied. \"At the very least, I thought you could use some moral support. I called Bill Gillespie and he told me where you were staying.\" \"Are Kim or Jessica with you? Is Stefon?\" Oscar asked, referring to Lyle's teenage daughters and his longtime partner. \"No. I thought the girls would be better off staying in 'Frisco than dragging them out here and Stefon had business appointments he couldn't easily cancel. But never mind that! Dad…What the hell is going on here?!\" Oscar sighed. He decided that there was really no alternative but to tell his son the truth from start to finish. He looked at the door and gestured with his head. \"Abby, please shut the door.\" He waited until she had complied. Then he turned to his son who was seated on the edge of the bed looking at him, as well as Owen and Abby who were flanking their grandfather. Oscar sighed. \"Lyle, you'd better prepare yourself. This is a long story…\" Oscar began.[Chapter 5] Greetings dear readers. It's been a long time, I know, since I last updated. An infinite amount of apologies for that. A combination of being very busy with work -now at two jobs, once of which I like, the other I find dull as dishwater, a long commute, and new personal commitments has conspired to keep me away from my keyboard. I finally decided it's been too long and I need to update. Surprisingly, I found that once I started writing Owen and Abby again, it was quite easy. I cannot say when, exactly, I'll be able to update again. Due to the aforementioned factors, I cannot commit to a set schedule. I'm hoping that once I move and no longer have to commute, I'll be able to free up time to write. As well, I also have fics for Kick-Ass and Dark Shadows to update as well. (Don't worry, I haven't forgotten those either.) In the meantime, I do hope everyone enjoys this return to the world of Let Me In . And awayyyy we go. :-D Lyle Alfredson rubbed his face and his eyes, half-expecting that he'd wake up to discover he'd fallen asleep in his hotel room. Instead, when he looked up again he saw the same sight as before: his father, sitting on a motel chair looking at him, flanked by his nephew Owen and the barefoot, blonde-haired girl (who'd been introduced to him as Abby) that his father had apparently now regarded as his surrogate granddaughter. He mentally replayed the story that his father had just told him –with Owen and his apparent girlfriend adding pieces here and there. The story was, simply, unbelievable. After graduating from law school and passing the California Bar Examination, Lyle's first job had been with the San Francisco District Attorney's Office. He'd learned something there: suspects could tell some really wild stories that they thought would either excuse their crimes or prove their innocence. In the five years he'd worked as an Assistant District Attorney, before setting up his own practice, he thought he'd heard them all. But nothing, could even come close to topping the story he'd just heard his own father (who he regarded as the most honest, decent man on the planet) recount to him. Not even suspects who were trying to go for insanity pleas came up with anything like what he'd just heard. This tale was like something out of the books of his favourite horror author, Bill Denbrough. However, Lyle couldn't discount what he'd just seen for himself when his nephew had lifted him clear off the floor with just one hand…or the fact that if he added in what he'd just been told, Owen's disappearance from Los Alamos following the pool massacre the year before suddenly made disturbing sense. \"I can't believe this.\" He said to the trio looking at him. \"I understand, son. But it's true.\" His father said in the same understanding voice he recalled from his childhood. Lyle looked at Abby. \"How old are you?\" He asked sharply in the same tone of voice he used when he was cross-examining a difficult witness. If his intention had been to rattle her though, it didn't work. \"I'm twelve…more or less…by human years. That's the age I was when I was turned. I've been a vampire for two hundred and twenty-one years. So, I guess you can say I'm two hundred and thirty-three years old.\" Abby said matter-of-factly. She could see that Owen's uncle was trying to process all of what he'd been exposed to. Abby now could only hope that his Uncle Lyle would be like Owen and Oscar, and be accepting of this new reality that existed for Owen's family…for her family. \"And Owen; you're…you're…\" Lyle began, but found himself unable to say the words outright. \"I'm a vampire now, Uncle Lyle. I have been for a month now.\" \"Vampire…\" Lyle murmured as if he was trying the word out for himself. \"Just like in the movies?\" He said half to himself. \"It's not all like in the movies.\" Abby said quietly. \"We can see ourselves in mirrors, for example. But, I guess that, yeah, it's a lot like in the movies.\" \"And you've been living at the ranch all this time?\" \"Since we left here last spring, yeah.\" Owen said. \"So dad…You've been what? Some sort of caretaker then?\" Lyle asked his father. \"Yes and no.\" Oscar said. \"I let them stay and took care of Owen because he's my grandson. As for Abby….After a few months I started to realize she's family too. I could be a, like you said, caretaker, only in that I make sure they have a safe place at daylight. Beyond that, I honestly sometimes forget what they are, it's become so normal.\" \"I haven't hurt anyone in over a year…Since I moved there with Owen.\" Abby piped up. \"And it's not one-sided either.\" Oscar said. \"They've been helping me run the ranch. And let me tell you, it's becomes really easy for me. I just taught Owen all that needs doing and they got it done. I'm not as young as I used to be. I was starting to think I'd have to take on hired hands to run the place. But now, it's like I have twenty hired hands working there. I honestly have no worries now about keeping the place up.\" \"Why'd they come down here with you? If what you've told about what happened here last year is true, that's an awfully big risk.\" Lyle pointed out as Oscar sighed and nodded his head. \"Yes. You're right about that. I thought that they could help somehow. It was only after we got here that I realized that they can't do anything at night without drawing attention to themselves. And during the day, there's nothing they can do at all. I guess I wasn't thinking too clearly yesterday.\" Oscar said as Abby put a comforting hand on his shoulder. \"I wanted to do something .\" Owen interjected. \"I…I had to see it for myself. I guess I didn't think into it too much either.\" \"Yeah. I guess none of us have been.\" Lyle conceded. \"I should've called to let you know I was coming or asked Bill Gillespie to tell you.\" \"Yeah.\" Oscar said. \"So son, I have to ask…What are you going to do now?\" Oscar said as he nodded subtly towards both Owen and Abby. Lyle let out a loud sigh as he shook his head in wonderment. \"What am I going to do? About what? So far as I'm going to tell anyone, I came out here to help you with the legal paperwork to claim Johnny. If anyone asks I met up with you…and only you.\" Lyle said with a small smile as his father, nephew and surrogate niece all visibly relaxed. \"I mean, what choice do I have? You're family. I can't go against my own family. Not now. Not like this.\" \"Thank you, son.\" Oscar said with a smile. Lyle chuckled sadly. \"Even if I was of a mind to otherwise…Who'd ever believe it? I think that this is something that most people would prefer to stay blissfully ignorant about.\" Lyle concluded. \"Your secret's safe with me.\" He said with a small grin. \"I'm giving you legal advice over Johnny….Chalk it up to Attorney-Client Privilege.\" \"Thanks, Uncle Lyle.\" Owen said with a grateful smile. Lyle looked at his nephew again. \"It's alright, Owen. Well, I've got to say, you look, well, good. Living up there must be agreeing with you.\" \"Yeah. It does. Abby and I both love it there.\" Lyle looked at his father again. \"Samantha never would've accepted any of this, would she?\" He said, thinking of his tragic, troubled little sister. \"No Lyle. She wouldn't have.\" \"Owen was in, well, a terrible state, when I first met him.\" Abby said. \"He had nobody to even talk to. He was being beaten up every day, it seemed. You don't know how cruel some kids can be.\" \"Oh, don't worry. I know.\" Lyle said. \"When I, 'came out', both of my daughters got teased at school for weeks because their father was gay. And that was in 'tolerant' San Francisco. But, at least they were able to talk to me about it and we got through it. With my sister though…I'm guessing she didn't even know what was going on.\" \"No. She didn't.\" Owen said. \"She thought everything was just great. She thought all the bruises and cuts were just me being clumsy. She gave me macaroni and cheese, told me to be more careful…and then poured herself more wine.\" Lyle rubbed his hand over his eyes in tired exasperation. He wasn't at all surprised in hearing how his sister had acted…But he still found it hard to swallow. \"I'm sorry Owen. I truly am. If I'd known how bad things were for you, I'd have done…something.\" \"It's alright, Uncle Lyle. I know she wouldn't tell you.\" \"It's not alright. Nobody should have to go through all that you did.\" Lyle said. \"If I'd known I'd have tried something with the courts here. Maybe I could've scared her into changing. Or maybe, I could've just found a way to talk to you. It probably would've helped if you'd just had someone to talk to, wouldn't it?\" \"Yeah. It would've. But it's ok now. I met Abby. Things got better after that.\" Owen said as Abby smiled to herself slightly. Her thoughts were racing though. From what she'd seen and heard so far, Owen's Uncle Lyle clearly was cut from the same cloth as Owen and Oscar. He seemed to genuinely be sorry that he'd been so ignorant about his nephew's ordeal. She had to concur with his assessment that Owen had truly been in need of someone to open up to. She recalled the first time she'd met Owen, when he was stabbing the tree angrily with that little pocket knife of his. At the time she'd thought it strange. Since then, after hearing all that Owen had been going through back then, she realized that Owen was clearly approaching the end of his emotional rope. Not for the first time, Abby realized that getting Owen away from Los Alamos likely saved his sanity. \"What're the two of you going to do now?\" Lyle asked. \"Owen and I are going to go back home tomorrow night, as soon as it gets dark. Like Grandpa said, there's nothing we can really do here that can actually help.\" \"What about the rest of tonight?\" \"I told Abby I want to see a few places. I'm never going to come back here again. I need to see them.\" \"I was going to get some sleep. I was really tired from the drive down. But…I'm all wide awake now.\" \"Yeah…Sorry about causing all this excitement dad.\" Lyle said. \"I'll stay here with you a while, if you like. If you want, you can come to where I'm staying. I'm at the Holiday Inn on Trinity Drive. I can get us adjoining rooms.\" \"Thanks son, but I think I'll do that tomorrow night. I've paid for my room tonight, and I think it's easier for Owen and Abby to come in and out without having to through the halls and lobby. \"Ok. I'll reserve you a room starting tomorrow night.\" \"That sounds fine son.\" \"How long do you think you'll need it for?\" \"I don't know. I have to go through Samantha's place as well. I need to pack up all of Johnny's things I can find and arrange to either ship Samantha's belongings up north or have them taken care of here.\" \"I'll help you with that, dad.\" Lyle said. \"When you get Johnny home, where will you put him?\" \"I thought I'd put him in your old room. Owen was using it before….last month.\" \"That sounds like a good idea.\" Lyle answered. \"Owen.\" \"Yeah?\" \"I know what the two of you can do to help.\" \"How?\" Abby asked. \"When you get home tomorrow night, or the night after if you can't make it in one night, you can help by getting our old room ready for Johnny. Dad, do you still have the old crib?\" \"It's in the attic. Your mother refused to let me give it away or sell it.\" \"Great. Can the two of you go up into the attic and bring down the crib and any of the old baby stuff up there? Then, can you set it up in the bedroom?\" \"Yes, we can do that.\" Abby replied. She'd seen the crib up there the last time they'd been up in the attic putting away Christmas decorations. \"That's fine. You can do far more back at the ranch getting everything ready than you could down here.\" Lyle instructed. \"It'll be done by the time you get there.\" Owen assured his uncle and grandfather. \"Good. Now, did you two want to get about your business for the night?\" \"Yes.\" Abby said as she and Owen walked to the room's door. \"The nights are so short this time of year we won't have too much time.\" Sometime later, after having bid Owen and Abby farewell until they met up again back home at the ranch, Lyle Alfredson sat with his father on a set of deck chairs by the small motel swimming pool, talking. \"I'm glad you came out to help Lyle. I really appreciate it, son.\" \"It's nothing. I just wish I'd known you already had some help with you.\" \"I'm sorry for not telling you before, but you can understand why.\" \"Sure I get it. It's still hard to believe though.\" \"I know. It took about a month for me to stop pinching myself when they first showed up.\" \"And what you told me about what happened last month when that uncle of Abby's showed up…I still can't wrap my head around that.\" \"It was pretty terrible.\" \"And now Owen…\" \"Yes. But I've gotten used to it. I guess I realized on some level it would've happened sooner or later. It was better than the alternative. I admit that I miss having him around during the day when I do chores. When he first arrived, I started taking him out in the fields with me and just started teaching him what running a ranch is all about. It was wonderful. It was just like when I taught you and tried to teach your sister. It was the way my father taught me. He was just so glad to be there.\" \"Well, look at it this way, dad. You can look forward to teaching Johnny the same way.\" \"That's something I'm actually worried about.\" \"What is?\" \"Johnny. At my age, I'm going to have to raise a child all over again. What if I can't do it?\" \"Come on dad…\" \"Look at your sister. Look at how she turned out and what happened to her. What if it was because of something I did when she was growing up? I'm terrified I'll make the same mistakes with Johnny.\" Lyle sighed. \"Dad, you're honestly worrying about nothing. Samantha was…well, she was Samantha. You know as well as I do that something was always….off….with her. You did a great job raising us. You taught us right from wrong, the value of hard work, to always do the right thing….You taught us everything right.\" \"I always thought I was out of touch with you two. I was always complaining about the way you did your hair, the music you listened to, etc.\" \"Yeah…Well, I thought so too back then. But now, I realize that's just how it is with kids and parents. The music Jessica and Kim listen to…I honestly can't comprehend how anyone can stand it. Madonna? Duran Duran? Def Leopard? I look at them doing their homework while listening to their Walkmans and I want to tell them to shut that racket off…And then it hits me. I've become one of 'those' parents who thinks that the music their kids listen to portends the end of civilization.\" \"I thought the same thing with you and your sister, listening to Elvis Presley, Buddy Holly, all of those surfer rock bands. My father always ranted about jazz music back in the 1920's and he also hated Bing Crosby.\" \"See? It happens every generation. We think we're 'with it'. Then they change 'it'. Now, I have no idea what 'it' is any longer and I'm reduced to asking the girls 'what is it'. \"I told you it would happen to you, someday.\" Oscar said with a knowing smile. \"Yeah, and I've told the girls they'll feel the same about the music their kids will listen to someday. They don't believe me, of course.\" Lyle chuckled. \"So, you see dad, you shouldn't worry. Look at Owen. You've done a fantastic job with him. Hasn't he come a long way since he started living you?\" \"I guess.\" \"Oh come on. He's confidant. He's matured. He pretty much idolizes you. I think it's safe to say that you've been a better father to him than John ever was.\" \"I just…did what I thought was right.\" \"Yes you did. And that's why you'll do fine with Johnny too.\" \"I hope so.\" \"Dad, you'll do fine. And it's not like you'll be all alone in doing it.\" \"Yes, that's true. Abby and Owen said they'll be able to tend to things during the night.\" \"You see? You're going to be a wonderful parent again.\" \"Thanks son. I truly appreciate you saying that. I guess I was just worried that I'm at an age where I'm a fine grandparent, but too behind the times to be a good parent.\" \"Lots of men your age are doing that. It's not that big a thing anymore. And times have changed. The schools can do be more helpful in teaching kids the…sensitive…things.\" \"What do you mean?\" \"I'm just saying that I hope the local school offers sex-education by the time Johnny gets old enough. It'll be easier on all of you.\" \"I suppose you're right. Last spring I tried to give Owen a talk on the 'facts of life'.\" \"How'd that go?\" \"I've had dental work done that was more comfortable.\" Oscar admitted as he and Lyle stood up to walk back to, respectively, room and rental car. \"Yeah, I remember when you tried to explain it all to me. It was painful.\" Lyle said with a shake of his head. \"Well, it was better than how my father taught me the facts of life….He made me go out and watch the sheep mate.\" Oscar said defensively as he pulled his room key from his pocket. Owen and Abby flitted gracefully through the dark skies of Los Alamos. Abby was content to let Owen guide them as it was his need for closure that had led them on their journey that night. The first place Owen led them to was a building familiar to Abby. It was a school; Owen's old school to be precise. Abby had one very salient memory of this place. It was the last time she'd taken a human life. It was very much a threshold for her then. However, for Owen –she suspected- that night was merely the climax in a long-running human tragedy where the pool bloodbath was merely the apotheosis.\" They set down on the roof and Owen walked over to the skylight and looked down. The swimming pool was all cleaned up now. He noted that the deck tiles had all been completely replaced and the walls redone. He figured it was to completely change the appearance of the facility and try to make people forget about what had happened here the previous March. Owen suspected it would take a lot more than a cosmetic change to make people forget that. He idly wondered what swimming classes were like nowadays. \"It's all changed.\" Abby said, as if reading his thoughts. \"Yeah. It sure looks like it.\" Owen said as he ran his hand over the thick glass of the skylight. It was reinforced with wire. \"It looks strong.\" \"It was strong that night too. But, I went through it like it was paper. I've never been more scared than I was that night when I looked down on the pool.\" \"Not even last month with Jebediah?\" \"No. I mean, I was scared then too. But I knew what was happening then and when you got hurt, I knew what I'd have to do to fix it. That night, I didn't know what was happening or if I was even in time. I just…went berserk, I guess. I have a lot of blood on my hands, Owen. More blood than I can even begin to estimate or hope to truly wash off. I feel remorse for almost all of them. All of the people I fed on, I feel sorry about. But, I have to admit, those four at the pool….As much as I try, I just can't feel too much remorse for them. They chose to be monsters. It wasn't out of some instinctive need to eat or survive. They did it because they liked it.\" \"Yeah. I remember I saw Kenny's brother once before. He was doing to Kenny what Kenny did to me. I wonder if I'd have ever turned out like that if things hadn't changed.\" \"I'm sure you wouldn't have Owen. You're much too good a person for that.\" \"I don't know. I think I might've just snapped at some time. I was close to that. I remember when I climbed out of the pool, once I was able to start thinking clearly, I wasn't upset at all at what you did to those guys. I mean, sure I was surprised at how…messy…it was, but I wasn't sorry you'd done that to them. I actually thought to myself that I hoped it had hurt for them while it was happening because they deserved it.\" Abby was about to say that from the screams, she was certain that the deaths of the four bullies had in fact been rather painful, but decided not to dwell on it. \"I wonder if anyone remembers them for how they were.\" Owen mused. \"What do you mean?\" Abby asked. \"I wonder if anyone at the school remembers Kenny, Mark and Donny for how they really were. They were always in trouble with the teachers for something or other. They bothered everyone….I was just their favourite target because I didn't fight back, I guess. They were bad students in every class. That article I read last winter kind of glossed over how they really were. I wonder if everyone at school remembers them differently now that they're dead, or if they actually remember them as they really were.\" \"I don't know, Owen. I do know that people have a tendency to forget the bad aspects of most people once they're gone; or at least not speak about them out loud. It was like that in my human life back in the 18th Century and it hasn't changed. I'm not sure if it's a good or bad thing.\" \"Yeah.\" Owen looked at his old school again. \"I hated coming here so much. I felt sick to my stomach some days, just at the thought of coming here and having to deal with Kenny and everyone all over again. When I met you, things got a little better –at least I had something to look forward to, to get me through the day. Then, when you left…Those were the two worst days ever. I hated the thought of things going back to how they were before.\" Owen said with a shake of his head, as if to chase the thoughts from his mind. \"If you hadn't come back, I really don't know how I would've coped.\" \"I'm so sorry you were hurting so much. Looking back, I wish I hadn't left like that. Or, at least not without asking you to come with me the first time. If we'd tried, we probably could've found a way for me to stay in town and us to see each other in secret.\" \"Yeah, I guess we could've. But that would've meant we wouldn't have gone to Montana to live with Grandpa and then…\" Owen's voice trailed off as he recalled the events that had led them back to Los Alamos. He sighed heavily again. \"Where do you want to go to now?\" Abby asked, as she touched his arm. \"The apartment complex. I have to see it again.\" Owen said as he looked in the direction of his old home. It wasn't far off, as he'd walked to school and back every day when he'd lived there. \"Let's go then.\" Abby said as they took to the night sky. Moments later, the two vampires gently landed on the roof of the apartment building that had once been Owen's home. Owen looked around from the vantage point, feeling safe in the knowledge that it would be next to impossible for anyone to spot them up there –even if someone were to look up at the rooftop. The complex hadn't changed too much in the year and a bit he'd been away. The change of season, from late winter to early summer, had of course brought about a change in the atmosphere. When Owen had last seen the complex and its courtyard at night, it had been bathed in the silence of winter snow. Now, however, it was mid-June and a louder, more festive air was about the place. The swimming pool, covered with a tarp and disused then, was now full of water and open for swimming. (Abby wasn't certain if the pool hours were actually extended this late, but there were indeed swimmers using it.) Two couples were loudly splashing about in the water. They were laughing raucously and engaging in what could politely be considered lewd and suggestive horseplay. Abby could see some wine bottles by the side of the deck and the swimmers clearly sounded under the influence to her. She noted that, as when she was here before, there was no evidence that any kids Owen's age (or, the age he'd been halted at) lived in the complex. A great number of windows in the complex were lit up and music and laughter could be heard from many of them. It appeared that the complex was still mainly occupied by adults. She looked to the window of the apartment she'd lived in with Thomas and saw that the windows were dark and –looking inside- saw that the place was completely bare of furniture. Of course, that was where Jebediah had killed the couple who'd moved in there after she'd left. Abby was in no way surprised that it had no tenant. She suspected that just about any other apartment in the complex would be preferable to a prospective tenant than one where a double-murder had taken place in. Abby idly wondered if this complex had a reputation that might scare off prospective tenants. The previous year, there'd been three deaths connected to this place in a short time frame (the jogger, the woman in the courtyard, and the policeman). Now, there'd been two more violent deaths committed in a similar manner. Abby suspected that anyone looking to lease an apartment here could get a deal on the rent they'd pay. Owen, meanwhile, was looking towards the courtyard, where they'd first met. \"What're you looking at?\" Abby asked. \"Nothing.\" Owen replied as he stepped to one side, to allow Abby to look. The courtyard was pretty much the same. The grass was green rather than snow covered and the flower beds were in full bloom. One thing was distinctly missing though. The old jungle gym was no longer there. \"They took it down.\" Abby observed sadly. \"Yeah.\" Owen sighed. \"The one thing in the whole courtyard I actually liked and it's gone now. I guess they figured it wasn't being used much as it's only adults here.\" \"Was it always only adults here?\" \"Yeah, pretty much. Well, there was my friend Tommy. I told you about him. He was older but he still was cool with me. I remember a few couples were here with really small kids –babies- but they all seemed to move away pretty soon. Maybe they were just in town for a while to work at the research places, or they bought a house or something.\" Owen said as he looked over at the windows of his old apartment. He sighed again. \"I hated this place so much when I was here.\" \"I know, Owen.\" Abby said comfortingly. \"I would've done anything to get out of here. When you asked me to go with you, I didn't think twice. It was like a dream come true. I got to be with you and I could leave here. I never thought about…my mom.\" He said heavily. \"Maybe things would've been different…\" \"What do you mean?\" \"Did I cause what happened to them? Do you think that if I'd called or, or let her know that I was alive –well, you know what I mean- would she have maybe stopped drinking and then she and my dad wouldn't be dead?\" Abby looked at him for a moment. \"Owen…Are you blaming yourself for what happened to them?\" \"I wasn't a good son. I took money from her purse to get candy and maybe if I'd spent more time with her, maybe she wouldn't have drank so much…\" \"Owen. Listen to me! Your mother had a new life with your dad and your little brother. She had every reason to stop drinking and accept it. But she didn't. You had nothing to do with what happened to them. Your mother clearly had problems that went far beyond you and how you acted. Look at what was happening with you. You were pretty much being tortured every day and she was too self-involved to see it. Guilt works both ways. Maybe you weren't the best of sons. But, and I'm sorry if this seems harsh, but she wasn't the best of mothers either. I mean, look at what happened on Sunday. She got into a car, with your three month old brother in and drove after drinking pretty much a bottle of vodka. No matter what you may have done a year ago, can excuse that. You did not cause her death. Maybe you weren't the perfect son back then. Okay, you can feel bad about that if you want to. That's fine. But, don't feel guilty about the accident, because that was in no way, shape, or form your fault.\" Owen sighed heavily before speaking again. \"I guess I also feel guilty because I've been thinking about….\" \"About what…\" \"About the fact that I wouldn't change a thing about you and I if I could. I thought that if I could somehow go back in time and I could change everything that's happened, but if doing so meant I couldn't leave her with you…I wouldn't. I love you and I love what we have too much to give that up for anything. Even if it meant stopping all of this, I wouldn't. I know it's meaningless to think of 'what ifs' like that. The fact is I can't change anything. But I just wouldn't make things different if I could. And it makes me feel…guilty. Does that make any sense?\" Abby put her arms around her lover. \"Yeah, I guess it does, in a way. But please don't feel bad Owen. It won't change anything. All that'll do is eat away at you. Trust me on this.\" \"I know…It's just so strange to be back here like this. For so long, all I dreamed about was leaving this place.\" \"I know. On our first date, when we were walking home from the store you told me that one day you wanted to leave here and never come back.\" \"It was all I ever thought of. It was all I ever dreamed about. I'd just go away and leave all the bad things here behind.\" Owen chuckled sadly. \"I wonder what dreams I'd have now if I could still dream.\" Owen said, in reference to the fact that in the undead sleep of the vampire, dreams were exceedingly rare. \"What should you do, Owen? We have to move forward to new dreams. Tomorrow night we'll go home and get the house ready for your little brother to move in with us. Then, we're going to help Grandpa with him. This is the best way you can honour your mother and father. By helping to make sure that your little brother grows up properly. Just think: he'll get to grow up on the ranch and won't have to be all alone like you were.\" \"Yeah…You're right.\" Owen said. \"I wonder what we'll do when he start to notice that he's growing up while we're not.\" \"I guess we'll cross that bridge when we come to it. In the meantime, that'll be our new dream. As for the others, let them die.\" \"Huh?\" \"Your old dreams. Let them die and be replaced by the new ones. Let the old dreams die.\" Abby said as she pulled Owen close to her and let him rest his head on her shoulder. ","Summary":" Greetings fellow Let Me In fans. It's been awhile since I've done a multi-chapter Owen and Abby sto"},{"Movie":"Let Me In, 2010","Title":"Trust Me","Author":"StakeTheHeart","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8304497","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Once again received another request. I'm going to try my best at this because I realize how complex a character Abby is, what with being twelve yet having a lot of experience but still viewing it in a childish way. I'm stuck between thinking her thoughts should sound older or not. I'm just going to stay simple enough so my head doesn't explode from trying to analyze such a character. So, forgive me if I don't get it just right but I would like to keep my head intact. Enjoy! We were on our way to Los Alamos. Our new location away from the devastation we left behind us. I sat next to Thomas, my long-time friend and guardian. We chose to take a rented moving van into Los Alamos with the few possessions we had. I glanced at Thomas who remained quiet since we had started the trip. I looked out the window until we reached our destination. The moving van pulled up at an apartment complex. Thomas got out first to get the trunk full of our things. I got out the passenger side and scanned the surroundings briefly. Thomas waited for me to start forward on the other side of the van. He held the trunk in his arms and looked at me with his usual tired and haggard expression. I moved forward and crossed the complex to our assigned apartment, leaving behind footprints in the snow with my bare feet. Thomas followed behind me, dragging his feet through the snow and laboring with the trunk. Once we were in, we passed a few doors and stopped in front of one. A creak to my left alerted me to the apartment next to ours but I didn't look to see because Thomas had just gotten our door open. I looked up from staring at the floor. Thomas muttered for me to come in before hefting the trunk and heading inside. I walked in and shut the door behind me. I sat on the floor, lost in thought while Thomas set everything up. I watched him occasionally but for the most part I remained quietly thoughtful. He fell asleep not too long later but I stayed up as usual. I grew tired close to sunrise so I retreated to the bathroom where Thomas had covered the window and filled the tub with blankets. I burrowed under them and fell into a deep sleep that I knew would never hold any dreams for me. The next time I woke up night had just fallen. I heard Thomas in the kitchen when I left the bathroom to find my many puzzles. They were the only thing that kept me busy even if I already knew how to solve them. Our neighbor's door opened and then closed gently, followed by quick steps. As I listened I looked at the door. I glanced at Thomas who had walked in and stopped to look at me. He only shook his head and then left to his room. I waited a little while longer, wondering if whoever left would come back. I looked around the shabby apartment and then decided to go out. I walked out to sit on the jungle gym outside when a voice carried over to me. \"Are you scared? Are you scared little girl?\" the quiet voice questioned. I took a few steps and then froze in curiosity. I had never talked with another person my age in so long. We were always on the move and the only time I ever came in contact with anyone was when I had to take care of myself should Thomas fail, which he did recently on numerous occasions. I was driven back to the present by the boy who had suddenly begun striking the tree with a small knife. My curiosity got the better of me so I climbed the jungle gym to get a better look. He lashed out a few more times and then stopped. Slowly, he turned to look at me. His blue eyes showed slight interest and uncertainty. I tilted my head to look at the lowered knife in his gloved hand. \"What are you doing?\" I asked him. \"Nothing…what are you doing?\" he replied, fiddling with the knife. His eyes shifted away and then back to look at me. \"Nothing,\" I told him evenly. \"You guys just moved in huh? Upstairs,\" he said. I briefly wondered if he had been watching when we arrived. \"How do you know?\" I asked. \"I live next door to you. Right there,\" he answered, lifting a hand to point it out. When I remained quiet, he put his hand down and looked away. I watched his fidgety habits and then stepped off my perch heavily. He may be my neighbor but I knew I could not let him find out anything. \"Just so you know, we can't be friends,\" I told him just to be clear. He had a hopeful look in his eyes that made me cautious. He frowned, the hopeful look disappearing. \"Why not?\" he questioned. \"That's just the way it is,\" I replied simply. He stared at me and I stared back until I felt it was time to leave. I turned away and started a slow walk back. \"Well, who said I wanted to be your friend?\" he called to me. I didn't mind the comment. His hopes were crushed, as I had intended. He whispered the next word but I still caught it through the stillness that made his word echo and carry. I didn't look back and continued. When I reached my apartment, Thomas was heading out. He held his supplies in a bag. We exchanged no words besides him letting me in. He lurched down the hall in his unusual walk I noticed from him as he got older. I turned away and shut the door. I knew he was off to get me something again. I waited as patiently as I could for him to return, listening to the ever present and growing rumble my stomach was making. By the time he came back, I couldn't keep myself under control. My mind slipped into a frame of mind that only craved. I was vaguely aware of pacing through the house. When the door finally opened and Thomas came in I practically jumped him. I dug through his dropped bag to find the jug I knew was waiting inside. I stopped when I got it out. It was barely half full. A growl escaped me. He failed again. I pulled off the cap and downed what was left then I threw it aside and stormed around the house to keep myself from turning on him. He followed and watched me with slight fear, worry, and fatigue. I growled angrily and finally faced him. \"What am I supposed to do? Am I supposed to go out there and do it myself? \" I demanded in my rapidly changing voice. He sat down tiredly on the mattress and leaned back on the wall. \"Answer me!\" I commanded, stomping my foot. My hands clenched tightly, my nails almost digging into my palms but my anger continued unhindered. I stood towering over him, panting. He took a while to answer. \"Maybe I'm getting sloppy. Maybe I want to get caught,\" he said, looking down. He then looked up at me. I stared into his lackluster eyes waiting for him to come up with something better. He didn't. \"Maybe I'm just tired of this,\" he confessed. I stomped away, throwing a chair aside and slamming the door on the way out. My stomach tore at my restraint and I could feel the hunger begin to gnaw at me again. I swung out and hit anything my hands came in contact with, trying to get rid of the anger. I fell to my hands and knees when weakness returned and the anger was all worked out. The rest of the night was spent avoiding each other. I was done with Thomas' mistakes. I needed to stop the crazed hunger from taking me into a part of my mind I had a hard time getting back from. In truth, it scared me just as much as I knew it scared him. As much as it scared those who I had wrongfully killed to keep myself going. When I felt the sun close to rising, I stood to return to the bathroom. Sleep always came to me naturally, but waiting for it while in pain made me wish for it to come faster. When it finally did I was relieved. I woke up and held my stomach, expecting to feel the pangs but they were gone for now. I left the bathroom and passed Thomas on my way out. He barely looked at me. I wanted to be outside, free to be alone and as much in peace as I was allowed so I walked straight for the jungle gym. I wasn't surprised to see the boy from next door sitting on the other side. I quietly climbed up near the top and sat down, waiting for him to notice. My stomach gave a loud rumble and his head turned slightly to show he heard. \"It's you again huh?\" I spoke quietly. He ignored me and looked back down at something in his hands. I leaned over a little to see him better. \"You know, I really want to be left alone,\" I told him. \"Me too,\" he said. \"So, leave,\" I responded, putting some force behind the words. He didn't seem to care. \"You leave. I've lived here longer than you,\" he shot back. His comment reminded me of the long years I had spent in this condition. I looked away, my eyebrows creasing. Shifting clicking sounds brought my attention back to him. I rose to look over his shoulder. \"What is that?\" I asked. He stopped and then turned around and I sat down hastily. I clenched my jaw closed tightly and watched his every move as he explained. \"What this? It's a Rubik's Cube. You don't know a Rubik's Cube?\" he replied incredulously. I only looked at him questioningly and he turned away. \"Is it a puzzle?\" I asked. \"Yeah, you want to try it? You can give it back to me tomorrow,\" he said, looking back at me and then turning to place the puzzle on the jungle gym. I looked at but didn't pick it up. \"How do you do it?\" I questioned. He sighed and got up so that he could sit closer. I tensed slightly but didn't move away. I was uncomfortable with the space between us but with a little concentration I managed. He sat back down and picked up the cube. \"You gotta get each side one color,\" he said, shifting the cub to demonstrate. I watched him change it around and then he set it back down. \"Like that,\" he said, looking up at me. I only glanced at him and then back to the cube. I reached out hesitantly to touch it and then picked it up so I could try. I shifted it a few times, feeling the ease of the plastic slide against each other. My mind was already glued to the task at hand so I didn't react to my stomach's sudden lurch and I didn't reply when he commented on how I smelled. I stopped when it rumbled again but picked up where I left off with the puzzle. He shifted but stayed quiet until he looked down. \"Aren't you cold?\" he inquired, seeing that I was barefoot. \"I don't really get cold,\" I told him, still not meeting his critical gaze. I could see he was trying to process what my answer meant. \"I guess I'll see you tomorrow,\" he said, deciding he should go when I didn't answer. I heard him, but the puzzle had all my attention now. He shuffled away and only then did I trust myself to look up. I watched him go and then looked back at the puzzle shifting under my fingers. My stomach stung me with a hunger pain and I flinched, dropping the Rubik's cube to grasp at the pain. I doubled over and knew it was time I do things on my own. I carefully climbed down from the jungle gym and left the complex. I soon found a dark tunnel and ran down to the end where I sat with my legs pulled up. I would have to wait until someone came by. Not too long later I heard someone jogging in my direction. I silently hoped he would go down the tunnel and pick a different route at the same time. I confessed to myself a thought that always plagued me when I had to kill on my own. I get mad at Thomas when he fails because it means I have to go out and do it. I have him to hide what I am but at the same time he is a safety rope to the only humanity I have left. I have another kill for me so I won't feel that way. The thought made me sick every time. But I knew I couldn't help the way I was even if I wanted to. The thing that I am demands survival and I knew I wasn't strong enough to stop it. The man stopped jogging and walked into the tunnel. My senses branched out and I curled in on myself more, dreading the feeling unraveling inside me. It was then that I knew my trap would work. As much as I wanted the man to get closer, I wanted him to leave too. I didn't want to kill another person but I had to. \"Help me,\" I gasped out. His steps faltered when he heard me. \"Hello?\" he called out hesitantly. \"Please, help me,\" I repeated, hugging my legs tighter. He finally made it down the tunnel and stood in front of me. \"Hello? Hey there, you ok?\" he asked, genuinely concerned. I looked up at him sadly. \"What happened?\" he continued, leaning closer with his hands on his thighs. \"I fell,\" I answered. He kneeled down to be level with me. \"Yeah, well, can't you get up?\" he said. \"No,\" I whimpered. \"How old are you sweet heart? Do you live around here?\" he questioned softly. I looked up at him and nodded. \"I live here,\" I told him. My stomach groaned and I wondered if he took that as proof. I knew the sound as apprehension for what was to come. I wanted the trap to work. I needed it to. \"Can you carry me?\" I asked the man in a fragile tone. He hesitated for a second before answering. \"Sure, sure sweet heart,\" he complied, moving forward to pick me up in his arms. My stomach rumbled louder and a growl slipped from my mouth. I was used to the changes that came with feeding. The hunger swallowed me in a red haze and all I could think about was blood. My face was right by his neck so I wasted no time and sunk my now sharp teeth into his throat.[Chapter 2] He screamed and pulled away but I already had a taste and wanted more. I pushed off the wall with my feet to slam him into the wall behind him. When he didn't go down I slammed his head into the wall in the same way. His body went slack and I forced him to the icy floor. My teeth found his neck again. The feeling of feeding made me feel energized. I lifted my head to make sure no one was around and then snapped the man's neck. I couldn't have him coming back. I let myself feel the guilt and remorse flow through me and then I stood and took off down the tunnel and back to the apartment on swift feet. I stopped by the jungle gym to collect the Rubik's Cube and then went inside. Thomas was immediately enraged when he saw me. I knew he knew what happened. This wasn't the only time something like this happened. \"What did you do?\" he asked me with suppressed anger. \"In the tunnel not too far from here,\" I mumbled. \"What did you do?\" he repeated, full out yelling now. \"I did what I had to,\" I replied. \"But why?\" he yelled. I only watched him pace with his hands on his head. \"I had to. You couldn't do it,\" I responded, irritation prickling at my carefully placed calm. \"Yes, but you aren't the one who has to clean them up!\" he shouted. Curses flew from his mouth as he stomped around and verbally assaulted me. I remained where I was and didn't say anything more. He finally grabbed his coat and put on his shoes before yanking open the door and slamming it on his way out. A smile briefly lit upon my face. I felt that I had gotten him back for failing before. I felt that he deserved it, but then the impact of the situation hit me. He had mentioned before that he cared enough for me to commit these ultimate acts of crime. He had told me that he was afraid but he still did it. Now, at risk of being caught and furious at me, he still went out to clean up. I heard him continue to curse as he left the complex on quick hobbling feet. Once he was gone, I made myself comfortable and began working on the Rubik's Cube. Once I understood how the puzzle worked, it began to get easier. In no time I had it completed and Thomas was back. He made no move to talk to me at all and went straight to his room. I ignored him too, and put aside the Rubik's Cube to turn my thoughts to the one who had given it to me. The boy was strange but shy. I questioned myself why I was even interested in spending more time with him but I came to the realization that he was a new companion. Someone new I could talk to that didn't hate me, yet. I wanted to be his friend without revealing what I was. I looked back at the puzzle and then reached out to pick it up. I ran a quick trip outside to leave it on the jungle gym for him to find. I set it on the very top and then went back inside. I returned to lean back on the wall in thought and then stood to go to the tub. Whether or not he wanted to be my friend is a thought I would have to continue later the next night. By the time I woke up I had decided to meet up with him again. This time, I wanted him to see me as nothing more than a normal little girl. I got up to empty the tub and start the shower. After my shower I dug through everything we dragged around for clothes I wore in public when we didn't want attention. I pulled them on along with boots I had to wear even though I found all footwear uncomfortable and then headed outside. I sat on the jungle gym and waited for him to come out. When I heard him trudging over I looked up and offered a small smile. He came up to me with a smile of his own and lifted up the cube. \"How did you do it?\" he questioned with amazement. \"I just…twisted it,\" I replied with a shrug. He looked down at the puzzle and then shook his head. He turned to sit on the jungle gym and it was then that I saw he had his backpack on. I briefly wondered why he brought it out but my thoughts instead went to whether I was presentable enough. \"Do I smell better now?\" I asked him. He remained quiet and then looked up at me. \"What's your name?\" he said. I felt that he could be my new friend at that moment despite what I had told him before. I desperately wanted a way out of my personal nightmare so I answered in hopes of being saved. \"Abby, what's yours,\" I replied. \"I'm Owen,\" he said. We lapsed into silence, Owen looking down, and then he returned to look at me. \"How old are you?\" he asked. No one had ever asked me that in a long time. I had lost count after so many years so I answered as truthfully as I could. \"Twelve more or less,\" I said with another shrug. He didn't say anything so I returned the question. \"What about you?\" I said. \"Twelve years, eight months, and nine days. What do you mean more or less?\" he replied, confusion written all over his face. I hesitated to answer and he continued. \"When's your birthday?\" he questioned. I looked down to avoid his now searching gaze. \"I don't know,\" I said. \"You don't know?\" he repeated in further confusion. I didn't answer. \"Don't you celebrate your birthday? Do you get birthday presents?\" he asked. \"No,\" I finally answered, keeping my gaze away from him. His questions were awakening a part of me that always wished I had a normal life and had died like a normal person all those years ago. It hurt to know that would never be for me. I could feel him watching me but soon he looked down again. He held up the Rubik's Cube and rested it on a bar between us and looked up at me. \"Well you can have this if you want,\" he told me. I wanted to smile at his offer but I had to say no. \"That's ok, it's yours,\" I said, but touched that he cared and wanted to help. He let his arm drop so that the cube was back in his lap. I could see him thinking of something to carry on our conversation. \"I still don't get how you did this,\" he told me. I smiled, all my attention was on him. \"Want me to show you?\" I offered. \"Yeah,\" he agreed positively. I moved from my perch above him and climbed down to sit next to him without my usual hesitance. I knew what I was doing went against what I had said earlier but I couldn't help it. I yearned for a friend constantly and here he was. I sat and took the cube he held out to me. I gave him a smile which he returned before I began showing him how I had solved the puzzle before. He watched attentively and tried to solve it the way I showed him but our time was cut short. Owen's mom began calling for him. He grumbled and yelled at her that he would be there. \"Bye,\" I told him quietly. \"Bye,\" he replied. He waved awkwardly and then ran inside. I stayed a little longer, letting the slight happiness of acceptance fill me. I knew our friendship could turn into something deadly for him but it had already begun and I didn't want to give it up. I looked up at his apartment and then stood to go to my own. Thomas said nothing to me and I was glad. The looks he shot at me didn't affect my good mood. I thought of seeing Owen again until I had to go to sleep. The next night I waited for him with slightly less than I did the day before. I wore no shoes and threw on my hoody and skirt as usual. He didn't seem to notice or care as he ran over, threw his backpack on the jungle gym, and began searching through it eagerly. I watched him curiously. \"Here look, I made one for you and one for me,\" he began. I spied a Romeo and Juliet novel and was immediately interested. I had heard so much about this story and only got a chance to read it once but I remembered every part. I picked up the book and admired it while Owen took out some folded up pieces of paper. \"Are you reading this?\" I asked him. He didn't even glance at the book before answering. \"Yeah, it's for school. It's boring,\" he said. I disagreed but I still gave him my attention. He finally unfolded the paper he had taken out and showed it to me. \"Come on, look at this it's really cool,\" he insisted. I listened but kept admiring the book. \"We can talk to each other through the wall,\" he said, looking up at me. I froze in sudden realization. \"Can you hear me through the wall?\" I asked, hoping he couldn't but knowing he probably could. He leaned away with a sigh and shifty eyes that only focused on me when he answered. \"Only sometimes,\" he said. He looked away again. I didn't like the way things were going but I had to know. \"Did you hear anything the other night?\" I questioned. He looked at me with eyes trying to understand. \"Why was your dad so mad?\" he asked. I turned around to solemnly set the book back on his backpack. He looked down uncomfortably but didn't allow it to hold him back. \"Where's your mom? Are your parents divorced?\" he questioned. I felt the pain of loss only slightly but I answered. \"My mom's dead,\" I answered bluntly. I continued to look straight ahead, scared that he would see something in my face I didn't want him to. \"My mom and dad are getting a divorce,\" he said. I looked at him, wondering what he must be going through but my eyes caught sight of a band aid on his cheek. \"What happened there?\" I asked, pointing it out to him. He raised a hand to it hesitantly and answered. \"Some kids at school,\" he said, looking at me once before shrugging and looking away. I watched him struggle with the humility. It was then I felt it necessary to guide him towards defending himself. No one should have to go through what he was going through and still have to deal with bullies. \"Where do you go to school anyways? I never see you-\" he began but I cut him off. \"Owen Listen,\" I told him, making him stop and look up at me. \"What?\" he said. \"You have to hit back. You have to hit back hard,\" I said seriously. \"I can't there's three of them,\" he replied hopelessly. His reply didn't stop me. \"Then you hit back even harder. Hit them harder than you dare and then they'll stop,\" I reasoned. \"What if they hit me back?\" he replied with some fear. \"You have a knife,\" I reminded him. \"Yeah, what if that doesn't stop them?\" he responded. He looked back at me again and I looked away thoughtfully. Owen was beginning to be someone I felt I needed to protect. He was quickly becoming a friend I desperately wanted but I was afraid to use any means to keep him safe. I wanted him to be able to fight on his own but if the time came when he couldn't, I had to be there for him. \"Then I'll help you,\" I decided, looking him in the eyes. \"But, you're a girl,\" he replied simply. I ignored his statement and moved to place my hand over his. \"I'm a lot stronger than you think I am,\" I told him honestly. He looked at me with a quick smile and then looked away. I took it as a thank you. I felt that I had finally made the right choice. I wanted to be there for him no matter what. We spent some time going over how to use the code. I listened carefully to everything he told me. \"Hey, let's go try it out. I want to see if it works,\" he said, standing to gather his things. I stood too. He handed me a slip of paper and then began walking inside. I followed slightly behind him. He gave me a small smile and then went into his apartment. I entered mine and headed straight for the room that was right next to Owen's. Thomas sat on the mattress leaning on the wall listening to music when I entered. He looked up at me. \"Move, I have to get in there,\" I told him in a flat but serious tone. He didn't make any indication that he would listen. \"Move,\" I told him. He stayed where he was. I sighed impatiently and added more force. \" Move ,\" I repeated. He broke eye contact, removed his head phones, and then clumsily got to his feet. Right when he moved out of the way I climbed on the mattress and began tapping on the wall, the slip of paper in my other hand for reference. Thomas stayed outside the door for a few seconds more, watching me. I knew he must not have been happy but I was too far removed from him to care. Owen and I talked until he was tired and went to bed. I spent the rest of the night trying to memorize the code and then taped it to the wall before going to sleep. The next night I met Owen on the jungle gym again. I made sure to wear my nice set of clothes and managed to remember to take a shower. After years of rarely having to be in public I forgot how to look presentable but it always resurfaced when I needed it. He looked slightly uncomfortable when he walked out to greet me. \"Hey,\" he said. \"Hey,\" I replied. He shifted snow around and then looked up at me. \"Do you want to go to this place I know? It's really fun,\" he asked. I gave him a small smile and nodded. He looked relieved. \"Ok, stay right here, I'll be back,\" he replied, running back to his apartment. It didn't take him long to return and when he did we set off. The hang out we entered was filled with music, games, and candy. I hadn't been in a place like this so I was mildly uncomfortable but Owen seemed to be right at home. He led me over to a brightly colored arcade game. \"This is Ms. Pac Man,\" he told me, resting a hand on it. He moved to put a coin in and then began to play. I watched intently, sometimes watching him instead. \"When you get…the big thing…you can eat them,\" he explained as he played. I pointed one out to him and he moved Ms. Pac Man towards it. The ghosts on screen turned blue and he directed Ms. Pac Man to eat them. I smiled slightly and looked back him. He was concentrating on the game. I couldn't help but feel good to be out and about again, especially with Owen.[Chapter 3] As I watched Owen I realized I didn't want to let him go, but the thought of keeping him like I had done with so many others made me frown. I glanced at the screen to see one of the things that were flashing blue had returned to their normal color and touched Ms. Pac Man. She spun around and then disappeared. \"God, I hate this game,\" Owen complained, slamming a fist on it. I laughed at his reaction, noting how it temporarily distracted me from my darkening thoughts. After he tried again and lost, he led me over to the candy. He grabbed some and then turned to pay for it at the counter. Before he got there, he looked at me and held up the candy. \"Want some? They're really good. They're my favorite,\" he offered. My smile slid from my face, worry slowly replacing it. \"They're really , really good,\" he continued. I looked down to avoid his gaze. I knew I couldn't eat but at the same time I wanted to make him happy. \"No thanks,\" I replied hesitantly. His excitement began to fade. \"Well, what do you like? You can have anything you want,\" he stated boldly. I looked at the candy with no feeling of want. \"It's ok,\" I told him quietly. \"Oh, ok,\" he responded in a dejected manner, turning away to pay. I didn't like the look on his face. \"I guess this is it,\" he told the guy sitting behind the counter. He stood to ring up what Owen bought. While the guy retrieved change, I watched Owen. He looked down sadly and I felt the need to make him feel better even if I knew I shouldn't. \"I…I guess I could have one,\" I mumbled uncertainly. The last time I tried to eat was a long time ago when Thomas, as a young boy, offered me in the same way. I never had anything to eat since then. I knew I couldn't keep it down, but Owen's downcast expression made me want to cheer him up in the best way I could. Right when I spoke up, he looked at me with a smile. \"Really?\" he said, his excitement surfacing once more. He rushed to hand me one and I smiled at his eagerness. \"Here, it's great,\" he assured me. I unwrapped the candy and popped it in my mouth. It stuck to my teeth and some part of me screamed to spit it out but I began to chew instead. \"I like it,\" I told him, giving him a small smile before looking away. He returned it and began walking again. I worked at dissolving the candy but my stomach still rumbled unappreciatively. I swallowed it and waited for the worst. Owen passed by the door on his way back over to the games but I bolted for the door. I barely made it out before I doubled up in pain and began heaving the candy back up. I had no regrets. I leaned on a car and waited for the heaving to stop. I heard the door open a moment later as Owen walked out to stand in front of me. He looked at me with worry when I finally stood. I hoped he didn't start asking questions because I didn't know how to explain. My stomach gave one more rumble before falling quiet. I watched him expectantly but he only stared. \"I'm sorry,\" I whispered, not meeting his gaze. I could only imagine what he must have thought. Worry began to run uncontrolled in my mind and I considered running away, but he surprised me with a hug. He rested his chin on my shoulder. His scent drifted around me and my jaw clenched. I was glad I wasn't really hungry at the moment. What I couldn't understand was why, after everything he had seen about me, did he even continue to want to be around me at all. I must have seemed odd at times but he didn't seem to care. I wondered if he just wanted someone to be his friend just like me. \"Owen, do you like me?\" I questioned. He thought about it before answering. \"Yeah…a lot,\" he responded softly. I took a breath and steeled myself to ask him what really mattered. \"Would you still like me…even if I wasn't a girl?\" I asked him, worry leaking into my voice. I didn't want him to leave but I had to know. \"What do you mean?\" he replied questioningly. I ignored the question, waiting for his answer. \"I don't know, I guess,\" he said, finally letting me go to look at me. \"Why?\" he questioned. I glanced at him and then looked back down, afraid to give him an answer. I shook my head. \"No, reason,\" I told him. He watched me curiously for a few minutes. I could tell he didn't know where to go from here. \"Do you want to head back?\" he finally asked. I only nodded. We walked back in silence until we reached the parking lot of the complex. \"So where are you guys from?\" he asked me, jumping off a divider. I walked over it, looking ahead. \"How come you moved here?\" he said, not slowing down even when I didn't answer. The whole walk back had me stuck in thoughts having to do with what Owen meant to me so it took me some time to return to the present when he began to talk. \"We uh…we…move around a lot,\" I answered hesitantly. \"Yeah, but why would you move here . Nobody moves here. I hate it here. Someday I'm going to get out and I'm never coming back,\" he stated certainly. His last sentence caught my attention. He didn't want to be here. I wanted to leave just as badly. I didn't like being in one place too long. If Owen wanted leave, well, maybe he could come too. He lifted a hand to run it along some pipes. \"People here…well…they're just stupid,\" he told me, his sentence falling flat. I looked at him, trying to show I was listening and reached out to lightly hold his hand. I hadn't comforted another in so long and hoped I was doing ok and that he noticed I was trying. He looked up at me with wonder on his face before his mom called out to him. He groaned and slammed his head back against the fence with closed eyes. \"Oh God, hang on,\" he said, letting my hand drop to walk into the complex. \"What?\" I heard him call, slight irritation in his tone. \"You promised me you wouldn't leave the courtyard,\" his mother accused. \"Mom, I've been here the whole time,\" he shouted. I smiled at his blatant lie and shook my head. \"Well come up it's time for dinner,\" she told him. I began searching my surrounding and then found a way to make it to his door before him. I wanted to surprise Owen at his door now that he had to go in. A few minutes later, he was trudging up the stairs and came in. He slowed to a stop when he saw me, a wide smile crossing his face. I looked up and offered him a hesitant smile. \"Good night,\" I said. \"Good night,\" he replied, his smile never wavering. He moved forward to open his door. When it unlocked, he looked at me once more and then went in. I turned to my door and entered to find Thomas in the kitchen packing his supplies. I watched him work, half of me disliking the fact that he had to do this for me and that I even needed it. The other half craved what he would bring back and didn't care how he did it. \"You going out?\" I questioned him. He sighed and looked at me tiredly. \"Is there a choice?\" he replied. The thought of Owen came to me suddenly and a frown began working its way onto my face. Thomas had started out the same way. I remembered when he was twelve too. I followed him to the other side of the kitchen and carefully placed a hand on his arm. I knew how he must have felt all these years later but it couldn't be helped. He chose to help me and for that I was grateful. He turned around and I raised a hand to his cheek, silently trying to tell him that I cared. He raised a hand to hold mine and then he spoke. \"Please don't see that boy again, ok?\" he told me. I wondered if it was a plea for Owen's safety or to keep me from replacing him. I didn't want to throw him aside so easily but I knew deep down that if I continued to feel the way I did about Owen it would eventually lead to it. I pulled my hand from his and looked down. He watched me for a few more seconds and then pushed his glasses up. He walked passed me and I turned slightly to watch him go. I walked out of the kitchen without looking back and with every intention to go against what he asked of me. I heard him pack the remaining supplies while sitting in the room and then he left. I lied down on the bed and wondered what Owen was doing at the moment. Was he asleep or was he still awake and lying on the other side of the wall, looking up at the ceiling just as I was. I placed a hand on the wall and smiled. A small shuffle sound on the other side sounded like he was still awake and moving his hand on the wall as well. It felt like we were touching the wall in the exact same place. A feeling of warmth passed through me at the thought until the radio next to me began reporting of an unidentified man. My smile fell as I turned to the radio. The report continued and my eyes widened in silent worry. I sat up and stared at the radio, knowing without a doubt that it was Thomas. I picked it up and changed the channel to a tune that featured the candy Owen was so fond of and then set it down. I looked back at the wall over my shoulder and then up at the door. Thomas had always been there for me even when he didn't want to be. It was time I was there for him. I pushed off the mattress and made my way out. I quickly strode to the hospital as fast as I could. He was finally caught. A thousand thoughts flew through my mind but the ones that troubled me were if he was ok. I wanted to at least see him one last time. The other was slight panic over the fact that I had no guardian to look after me anymore. I rushed across the parking and almost burst through the doors to the hospital. I walked up to the lady behind the desk. \"Excuse me,\" I said quietly to get her attention. She looked up and surprise lighted her features when she saw me. \"I'm looking for my father,\" I told her. \"Is he a patient here?\" she replied, looking at me with wide concerned eyes. I nodded looking down and then back at her. \"Yeah…they…they brought him in. The police did,\" I explained. \"Oh, I see,\" she said quietly. \"Do you know where he is?\" I asked hopefully. \"Well, he's on the tenth floor sweetie but it's restricted. Look, why don't we give them a call-\" she began but I instantly backed away. I couldn't let anyone know I was here. I would have to get to him myself. \"No, no, no, that's ok,\" I assured her hurriedly. I turned and walked quickly out of the hospital. Once I was outside, I glanced up at the building. With a running start, I launched myself onto the building and began to climb up to the tenth floor. I slipped once in a while on the smooth concrete but I kept going. When I finally reached the window of the room Thomas occupied, I stared in sadly with my hand pressed to the glass. His condition overwhelmed me. I knocked softly on the glass to get his attention and then waited. He looked at me, waved, and then began the process of getting out of bed. I waited anxiously for him to walk over. He reached out and put his hand to the glass, matching mine on the other side. Then he slid the glass aside. I looked up into his ruined face to see only one of his sad, tired, eyes made it through the damage. He looked at me through that one eye in obvious pain. I swallowed the tears that threatened to spill before saying anything. \"May I come in?\" I asked in a wavering voice. He shook his head and motioned to his mouth. He couldn't speak. He leaned forward and touched his forehead to mine. His hand came up to place on my cheek and I held it there, trying not to let myself break down in fear and sadness. He looked at me one last time and I gazed at him back, wondering what he would do next.[Chapter 4] Thomas pushed the window open wider and then leaned out far enough so that I was now looking at his exposed neck. It took me a few seconds to understand this next gesture. He wanted to offer me the last thing left to him. Through all our years together and everything I had put him through he had always been there for me. Even at the end of his life. I blinked once, my thoughts clearing until the only thing on my mind was the hunger. I slowly leaned in and let my teeth sharpen. I drew back my lips to sink my teeth into his neck and began draining him of blood. Soon, he was beginning to lose consciousness and then he slid from the window. I watched him tumble down and then hit the snowy white grown below. Red painted the pure white and I looked out across the sky, trying to keep myself focused. I could feel the change but I was in control for the moment. A nurse who came in screamed and a man ran in after her. I watched him lean out the window from the dark corner of the ledge. \"Jesus, Mary, and Joseph,\" he whispered as he looked down at the body. He looked sadly down for a little longer and then retreated. I watched him go and then stepped away from the wall at my back. I hesitated, slowly deciding if Owen would be willing to let me in at this time of night. I needed someone to turn to now that Thomas was gone. I let myself fall forward and drop down to the ground. I landed easily and ran back to the apartment complex and to the comfort of Owen's presence. I flew up to his window silently and landed on the ledge. I knocked four times and then opened the window. \"Owen, Owen,\" I called to him softly. \"Hmm,\" he hummed a reply. \"Can I come in?\" I asked, waiting for him to answer. Instead, he moved to get up. \"No, no, no, wait, wait, don't look at me,\" I rushed to tell him. He lied back down with a sleepy sigh. I grasped the edge of the window in relief. \"But you have to say it, that I can come in,\" I told him. \"You can come in,\" he mumbled without hesitation. \"Close your eyes,\" I said before entering. \"They're already closed,\" he grumbled. I pushed the window open further and then stepped in. I began unzipping my jacket. Once that was off, the rest of my clothes followed. I didn't want to get blood on his bed. I walked over and climbed in next to him. I was slightly anxious to be in such a situation with him but I ignored it in favor of comfort. \"How did you get up here?\" he questioned. I turned to look at him and felt the need to answer honestly. \"I flew,\" I replied simply. \"Yeah right,\" he responded disbelievingly. He moved and his hand brushed my side. I kept still and didn't move. His hand pulled back when it met my skin. \"Hey, you're not wearing anything. And you're freezing,\" he commented, fully awake now. I began to feel self-conscious for the first time in a very long time. \"Is that gross?\" I asked him. \"No,\" he replied. I relaxed a little at his answer. \"Abby,\" he began. \"Yeah,\" I said. I heard him take a deep breath before continuing. \"Will you go steady with me?\" he questioned. My eyebrows furrowed at the question. \"What do you mean?\" I asked. \"Will you be my girlfriend,\" he rephrased without a stumble in his words. It caught me by surprise and I quickly backed away from the situation. Thoughts like that scared me. Being so close to someone never ended well. \"Owen, I'm not a girl,\" I told him. \"You're not a girl?\" he said incredulously. \"No,\" I said. \"What are you?\" he asked. I often wondered the same question sometimes. He didn't have to know the truth yet. I wanted to draw out the moments I still had left with him before that happened. \"I'm nothing,\" I answered. I looked up at the ceiling. \"Oh, you know, it's ok if you don't want to be my girlfriend. You don't have to make stuff up,\" he mumbled. I looked back at him when he spoke. Things were complicated as they were and I didn't want them going any farther. \"Look, can't we keep things the way they are?\" I asked him. \"Yeah, sure,\" he replied. His flat tone made me rethink. The same feeling of wanting him happy resurfaced like when I ate the candy for him even when I knew I wouldn't be able to. \"Well, do you have to do anything…special when you go steady?\" I said, remembering the things I had learned in the past. \"No,\" he said. \"So everything's the same,\" I checked cautiously. \"Yeah,\" he said certainly. I let a small smile touch my face in relief. \"Ok, we can go steady,\" I agreed. \"Really?\" he said, excitement leaking into his tone. \"Yeah,\" I assured him. My gaze caught sight of his hand lying on the bed in front of me. I reached to pick it up and gently placed it on my cheek. I watched him for any reluctance but he allowed me to caress the back on his hand. His thumb moved ever so slightly on my cheek and I smiled. We remained like that until he fell back asleep. I waited a little longer to make sure he really was and then slipped out of the bed to get dressed. I looked back at him once and then walked over to his desk. I found a pen and a candy wrapper. 'I must be gone and live or stay and die.' I wrote out on the wrapper along with a circle around our names. I placed it on his desk and then opened the window. I closed it while perching on the ledge and then leaped swiftly to my window. I crawled in and then headed straight for the tub. I waited for morning to put me to sleep. I woke up that night and wandered around the house, thinking of Owen and how I felt about him. I entered the room and fell back on the lone mattress. I wondered what I would do if I had to run for it. Should I offer to take Owen with me or leave him to live his life normally? Knocks on the wall alerted me to his presence on the other side. I smiled and raised my fist to answer when the doorbell sounded. I looked towards the sound worriedly. Why would anyone be knocking on my door? I got up and carefully walked over to the door, all the while hearing multiple knocks and the doorbell. I wasn't going to open it or even let whoever was out there know I was here. I stretched up on my toes and looked through the hole to see a cop. He looked to the next door with a sigh and then turned to leave. Only then did I let out the breath I was holding and slowly fall back on my feet, the floor creaking under the movement. Did the cop know who lived here or was he just checking the whole complex? I spent the rest of the night pacing around the house and wanting to see Owen but I couldn't. If one cop was around there was bound to be more. I fell asleep with worry on my mind. The next night the cops where gone and I rushed out to wait for Owen. He showed up with a happy smile and sat next to me. \"Abby, I did it,\" he told me. \"You did what?\" I asked, letting a small smile through at his behavior. Even when I was feeling anxious he calmed me down. \"They were going to push me in the ice so I got a really big stick and I hit Kenny in the head really hard. He had to go to the hospital. I almost got suspended, but I did it. What you said, I stood up to them,\" he explained with wide searching eyes. I looked down at him with a proud smile. I knew he could do it. \"Owen,\" I said to get his attention. \"Yeah,\" he replied, looking at me. I watched him wait expectantly and then leaned in to kiss his cheek. I didn't exactly plan it but it felt right. I wanted to show him in some way how happy I was for him. No one should have to be treated the way he had been treated. When I pulled away, his eyes were wide with surprise. He looked down and then back up at me, a grin lighting his features. \"Hey, you want to go somewhere?\" he offered. \"Where?\" I asked curiously. \"Just a place I know, do you want to go?\" he responded, excitement in his eyes. I nodded and he scrambled from the jungle gym. I climbed off easily and followed him to a door that led under the apartment complex. It was dark but Owen carried a flashlight he pulled off a hook in the doorway. We descended steep stairs and came to a door with the words 'Enter Under Penalty of Death' painted across it. Owen opened it and found the light switch. I followed him through the dark without the need of a flashlight so when the lights suddenly turned on I had to blink a few times to adjust. He walked in and turned off the flashlight while I entered slowly, looking around. \"It's pretty cool huh?\" he asked me. \"Yeah,\" I replied, still looking around. \"This kid, that used to live in the building, Tommy, would come down here to drink and smoke with his high school friends. And when they weren't here he would play ping pong with me. It was really cool. But he had to move away,\" Owen explained, watching me as I looked at various things in the room. He walked over to the table by the couch and set down the flashlight. Then he turned to set his backpack on the couch. I flicked on a lamp and then my eyes landed on a tape player. \"I kind of like it here,\" he commented. \"It's cool,\" I told him, letting him know I was listening. I looked over my shoulder to give him a smile then I reached out and set my hand near the player, deciding if I should turn it on or not. \"But I don't think any of the adults know about it. Just us,\" he said, a quality in his tone I hadn't heard before. I could feel his eyes on me again. My hand drifted over and pushed the play button. Soft music floated through the room. I walked away to stand in front of Owen while he stayed where he was, a hand resting on the flashlight. \"So, what did you want to do down here?\" I asked him, smiling happily. He smiled back, not meeting my eyes while he thought of something. I waited for him to decide. \"Uh, I have an idea. Close your eyes,\" he said. I did as I was told, my smile growing at his antics. \"Keep them closed,\" he reminded me. I let my hearing concentrate on the room around me. The music flowed to me from one side of the room but a gasp from Owen caught my attention. My smile began to fade when the smell hit me. \"Let's make a pact,\" he told me when my eyes shot open. He held out his bloody thumb and I panicked. \"It only hurts for a second,\" he explained. I only backed up, my gaze stuck on the still bleeding cut. I was trying desperately to keep calm but I knew I was failing. My eyes moved up to look at him, trying to silently tell him what was about to happen. \"Here,\" he offered again. I watched his blood drip to the floor. The color, the smell, the sound it made as it hit all drew me in. I let out a gasp and dropped to the floor. A growl slipped out as I leaned down to finally taste the blood. My teeth began changing, anticipating more. Right when the blood touched my tongue I knew I had to get out of there to keep Owen safe but I couldn't move. I was stuck between attacking Owen and wanting to run. \"Abby?\" he questioned, fear seeping into his words. I raised my head to glare up at him. \"Go away,\" I growled. When he failed to move so I pushed him out of the way and escaped out the door. His shocked face was the last I saw of him. I took the steps two at a time and burst out into the crisp night. I ran straight for a nearby tree and climbed up. Here, I would be able to spot anyone and have my fill, anyone but Owen. I didn't have to wait long. A man was yelling to a woman who was walking her dog. I watched her path turn under the tree I sat in. I readied myself to jump as she came close. As she passed under I leapt and threw her to the ground. She cried out in surprise but I was already forcing her down and going for her neck. She screamed in agony as I ripped into her. The man tried to pull me off but I pushed him over and got out of his hold. I growled at him and took off. \"Hey! Hey!\" he called to me but I ignored him and kept running. I swiftly vaulted over the fence before he could catch up to me and lithely landed on the other side. I hid in a nearby alleyway and stayed there until I could calm myself down. When I could finally think straight I returned to the complex. A car sped down the street and I ran to hide until it passed. I waited until it was gone and then silently made it back to my apartment. I rushed to wash off and change. The thought of Owen seeing me in that way almost made me cry. What would he do now? Did I lose my only friend? I curled up on the mattress and tried to keep myself from doubting. A knock on the door made me jump up on alert. I walked over and peeked through the hole to see Owen. I sighed and opened the door slowly. When it was open enough for me to come face to face with him I couldn't look him in the eyes, but he was staring straight at me. \"Can I come in?\" he asked. I was taken aback by his question but I silently opened the door for him to enter. He refused to enter; only calmly staring at me. \"You have to say it,\" he said, repeating my words again. I looked away before I could say anything. Why was he insisting on this? It made me uncomfortable and sad. I didn't want him reminding me of what I really was but I did what he asked. \"You can come in,\" I mumbled, moving aside to let him in. He shuffled in, careful not to get near me, and I shut the door behind him. I moved over to stand by him and he turned to face me. He didn't look at me; instead he stared at the floor. He had to take a deep breath before talking. \"Are you a vampire?\" he questioned, his eyes finally flicking up to mine. I hesitated but forced the answer out. \"I need blood…to live,\" I replied. \"But how old are you? Really,\" he asked. \"Twelve. But, I've been twelve for a very long time,\" I responded sadly. He turned away and then looked back at me. \"Where's your dad?\" he asked. It took me some time to answer. The question made all sorts of memories from my past and present concerning Thomas clash. \"He wasn't my dad,\" I replied, shaking my head. I couldn't look at him anymore. He moved slowly to look at the rest of the room. I could see the way he tried to work everything out in his head. I hated that he would soon find out everything I had done but I didn't stop him from looking at anything.[Chapter 5] Whew, last one. I hope I did at least an ok job filling in gaps and explaining things. If I didn't, oh well I tried. Thanks to any who reviewed. Enjoy the last chapter. I remained where I was; I wanted him to see. I didn't want to lie anymore; at least not to Owen. He picked up one of the really old puzzles I owned. \"What's all this stuff?\" he questioned. I turned to face him but stayed where I was. I kept my distance because he did the same. \"I like puzzles,\" I explained simply. He turned it around in his hand and then set it down in favor of something else. I knew it was the picture of me and Thomas back when he was twelve too. Back when we first met. He turned it around and a look of realization passed over his features. He looked back at me with a mixture of fear and uncertainty. He quickly put the photo down and rushed back towards the door. \"I want to go now,\" he said hurriedly on the way. I backed up until I blocked his way. I didn't want to scare him further but I didn't want him to leave. He stopped before he even got close. \"I want to go. Are you going to let me?\" he asked in a softly wavering but surprisingly stern tone. I watched him in conflict. \"What are you going to do to me?\" he demanded. I almost flinched at the question. I had no desire to hurt him but the fact that he suggested something of the sort broke me. \"I told you we couldn't be friends,\" I whispered as I moved to let him pass. He stalked out without a single look back. The door slammed behind him. I looked down at the floor and held back the tears. I was almost certain I had lost the best thing I had to a friend. Or maybe he was more than that? Either way, Owen wouldn't come back. I had scared him off. The same negative thoughts ran in a circle in my head until the sun came up and I had to sleep. By the next night, I spent my first few hours pacing back and forth, deciding whether I should confront Owen and show him how much I cared. I didn't want to lose him. This was the best I could do to make things better between us. I hurried over to the door and left. I found myself standing in front of his door and wringing my hands. I had never felt this nervous in a long while but I found Owen brought out a lot of emotions I thought I lost. I lifted my fist and knocked. The door opened slowly and Owen peeked out. I offered him a small smile but he didn't return it. \"Hey,\" I greeted in a small voice. \"Hey,\" he replied. I waited for him to invite me in but instead he opened the door wider so I could enter. \"You have to invite me in. It's your home,\" I reminded him. \"What if I don't? Why can't you just come in? Is there something in your way?\" he wondered. I looked at him, the sadness resurfacing. He wanted to know so I had to show him but a voice in my head seemed to warn me against my next action. I had only ever entered a home once to horrible consequences and never did it again. This time, I did it knowing the pain it would cause. But, I trusted him to save me, so I took a deep breath and walked in. I heard the door shut behind me but the strange prickling in my skin was starting to begin and I waited anxiously for it to get worse. I stopped in the middle of the room and turned to face Owen who followed me in. The pain was steadily worsening. I bowed my head, trying to concentrate but soon blood began to flow just like before. I shook from the pain but listened to Owen's scared breathing in front of me to keep me focused. \"No, no, no stop! You can come in!\" he cried out, grabbing me by the shoulders. I looked up at him, the pain twisting my face into a grimace. He pulled me into a hug and I let my head rest on his shoulder. My body immediately stopped its self-destructive progression the second he invited me in. \"What was that?\" he whimpered. \"I don't know. I just know that this is what happens if you don't invite me in,\" I replied honestly. \"What if I didn't say anything? Would you have kept bleeding? Would you have died?\" he interrogated me in a voice filled with concern and fear. I continued to answer truthfully. \"I knew you wouldn't let me,\" I told him softly. He held me tighter and we stayed that way in silence. If Owen saved me he must care. Maybe I hadn't driven him away. He pulled back and looked at me. \"You can use our shower. It's down the hall right there,\" he told me quietly. I left in the direction he pointed out. I pulled off the bloodied clothes and left them outside the door before stepping in the shower to rinse off. I shifted the red water around the floor of the shower and wondered where our relationship would go from here. I turned off the shower when I was done and pulled a towel off the rack. I dried myself off and then wrapped it around myself before stepping out. As I worked, music came on. I smiled and opened the door. I walked out to see Owen waiting for me around the corner. \"You can borrow one of my mom's old dresses if you want,\" he offered, looking in the direction of her room. I followed his gaze and went in. I quickly found a dress in the closet. It was close enough to fit. I walked out and shyly turned around for Owen to see. We were both smiling. \"Hello? Owen?\" a voice called through the music. Both Owen and I went wide eyed in panic. His mom was home. He rushed me down the hall by the hand to his room. I bolted for the window as soon as he shut his door. \"I'm in here! I'll be right there!\" he called back. I fumbled with the window but I finally got it open and climbed out. I leaped for my window and slipped inside. I peeked back outside to see Owen doing the same except he was looking down. I smiled and laughed when he realized I was looking at him from my window. He laughed too. I hadn't been so scared to be caught in a long time. Owen made me feel many things I hadn't since I was a human. \"I'll be there,\" he told me. \"Here?\" I asked. He nodded. \"Ok, see you soon,\" I said and moved back inside to wait for him. He knocked on my door not too long later and I ran to open it. He entered without hesitation, a big smile still on his face. I offered to show him how to solve my many puzzles and he agreed. The time spent between us was the most fun and comfortable we had since we met. I didn't think I would ever be able to leave Owen behind when the time came. But the more we opened up to each other, the more I felt he would choose to leave with me. After all, he had seen me at my worse and was still sitting here like nothing of the sort happened. I was happy but afraid he wouldn't want to stay with me. But when the time came would I be able to remove him from his life? I kept my doubts hidden and enjoyed the time until I had to retreat to the bathtub. \"What's wrong?\" Owen asked as I stood with a sigh. He looked up at me questioningly through sleep clouded eyes. He had stayed up the whole night with me and was probably beyond tired. I felt touched that he cared. \"I have to sleep,\" I replied. He tilted his head in further puzzlement and I smiled. \"It's almost morning and the sun will be up. I have to hide and sleep,\" I told him slowly. Understanding lit up his gaze. \"Ok,\" he mumbled, getting up from the floor. I gently pushed him back down. \"You can sleep here if you want,\" I told him. He nodded and mumbled a thank you before curling up and falling asleep before I could say anymore. I searched the house for a slip of paper and a pen and then wrote out a note for Owen when he woke up. I set it close to him, kissed his cheek, and then headed into the bathroom. I piled on the blankets that would encase me in darkness and then curled up with a smile. I couldn't help but feel lucky to have met Owen. The next time I woke up was unpleasant. Something didn't feel right, and the sudden jolt of burning pain on my leg made me immediately wake up mad. \"No, no, stop!\" I heard Owen yell. I looked up to see a man pointing a gun at Owen. He was a threat. I launched myself at him and latched onto his back. My teeth went straight for his neck. He screamed and threw me off but I grabbed him and threw him into the door forcefully. He fell to the floor and I dragged him over to bite directly into his throat. His blood splattered and I fed. I was only vaguely aware of Owen witnessing everything but I didn't care. The hunger was in charge now. The next thing I heard was the door closing. It snapped me out of my daze and I looked up then back down at the man under me. I made sure to break his neck and then stood to go to Owen. I opened the door slowly and then carefully walked down the hall and pulled Owen into a hug I hoped showed him that I was sorry and that I was trying to comfort him. He remained unresponsive in my embrace and I rested my chin on his shoulder sadly. I didn't know what else to do. After a few minutes passed I let him go with a sigh and walked into the living room. He followed behind. I turned to face him, his posture uncertain, but I had to tell him what needed to be said. I cared about Owen enough to let him go. He didn't deserve what I brought with me. It was time I left. \"Owen, I have to go away,\" I told him softly. I kept my eyes on the floor, afraid to see his reaction, but he didn't respond. He was staring at the floor when I finally looked up. He looked so lost at the moment. I moved closer and took his hand in mine. I leaned in to give him a kiss that left blood when I pulled away. The contrast of such a mark on him made me look away. He didn't look at me so I went to open the door. He collected what little he brought and then stepped out without another word. I returned to my sleep and woke the next night conflicted as always. I busied myself hiding the dead cop in the underground room Owen had showed me. Like he said, no one knew about it. When I returned, I packed all that I would need in my trunk, which wasn't anything more than a few pieces of clothing and all the money I took from those we killed plus my puzzles. I sat on my trunk deep in thought until I had to call a taxi. I cleaned up and threw on an old long sweater and a skirt. Once the taxi showed up I left. I didn't let myself look back or even think about Owen. I knew I would try to go back to him, but I couldn't. It was better this way. The taxi pulled away and I couldn't help turning to look out the window to distract myself before the tears showed up. I was almost out of Los Alamos for good when a single thought occurred to me. What if Owen ran into trouble again? What if he wasn't able to get out of it this time? I had told him I would be there to help but I wasn't there for him now. Panic began to set in. \"Stop the car,\" I told the driver. \"What?\" he questioned. \"Stop, the, car!\" I almost growled, saying it slower so he would get the hint. He slammed his foot on the brakes and was lucky no one was behind him. \"Wait for me right here on the side of the road. Don't Leave. I'll be back. If you do this I'll pay you double,\" I told him as I unbuckled the unnecessary belt and popped open the door. He looked beyond confused but nodded when he heard about the money. I took off back into town right when my feet touched the ground. I sped through the streets, not remembering the last time I ran so fast. All I knew was that Owen needed me. I cautiously checked the complex for him but I couldn't find him. Instead, I followed his scent back out to his school. A fire raged in a dumpster out back with a man hurriedly running out to it. I passed him, careful to stay out of sight, and peeked into the window. A pool was inside and inside the pool was Owen. A boy held him by the hair. I felt a growl rumble through me. They were threatening Owen. I jumped and began climbing the building, intent on finding another way in that caught them off guard. I quickly found a sky light and looked in. The boy pushed Owen under the water and I snapped. I let my rage go. I smashed through the glass with a roar and flew at them. I snatched the nearest one off the floor and dragged him through the water, throwing him to the ground in favor of one who was trying to get away. He spluttered for air while I stopped the other boy in his tracks and tore him apart. The three remaining looked on in fear as they watched the other die, screaming until he couldn't anymore. One boy fell to his knees and started begging. I fixed them with a glare full of fury and snarled before I shot forward and effortlessly tore the head off the one trying to drown Owen. His body went slack as I tossed the head in the water. The sobbing, soaked, boy cried but I grabbed him and dragged his body through the water once more. When I landed, I took him apart and threw the remains in the pool. I forced the last boy to his feet, still begging, and sunk my teeth into him. The sound of his body giving way to my sharp teeth only satisfied me. They were all out of the way and Owen was safe now. I heard choking and deep breaths behind me. Owen had surfaced and climbed halfway out of the pool for air. He was gasping on the soaked floor when I walked over to crouch down in front of him. I reached out and gently touched his cheek. He looked up at me with his wide searching eyes. \"You're here,\" he said. I nodded. \"I told you I would help you,\" I replied. He moved to pull himself out of the water and I helped him. I watched him stare at me. I knew I must have been covered in blood but I was happy he was safe. \"Abby, are you still going?\" he asked me. His gaze was hopeful and he softly held my hand in his. I looked down at our joined hands and answered truthfully. \"Yes,\" I replied. He nodded but his grip tightened. \"I'm going with you,\" he stated. I looked back up at him in shock. \"You will?\" I questioned happily. \"Yeah, can I?\" he responded, his uncertainty creeping back into his voice. I could tell he was just slightly shy and not unsure about his decision. \"I really want you to but Owen…things may not be easy,\" I warned him. \"I still want to,\" he assured me. I smiled and he returned it. \"Thank you,\" he mumbled before running off to get dressed and grab his back pack. It sounded so sincere I didn't know exactly what he was thanking me for but it made me feel like for the first time I did something right. He returned to my side and we hastily left. We made our way silently back to the cab which drove us to the nearest train station which was a little bit far. I gave Owen the money to get himself a ticket and then got into the trunk. \"Morning will come and I have to be hidden. I don't want to draw anyone's attention either. You will be ok won't you?\" I told him. The trunk was open and I was getting ready to get in. \"I think I'll be fine,\" he replied, his eyes never settling on one thing again. I held his face in my hands so he would look at me. \"I'll always be right there if you need me. Just knock,\" I reminded him. He nodded and I released him to get in the trunk. A few minutes later and the trunk was picked up and carried onto the train. I listened to Owen run his hand over the trunk and occasionally sing some tune. As the train ride continued I could feel the sun begin to rise. Sleep threatened to drag me under but I knocked out a message on the lid of the trunk. H.I. I tapped to him. A second passed before he answered. O.X. He tapped back. I smiled happily and leaned back against the trunk. I fell back into the familiar darkness knowing I would never leave Owen's side again. ","Summary":" Once again received another request. I'm going to try my best at this because I realize how complex"},{"Movie":"Hunger","Title":"why not us? -an Everlark, Hunger Games fanfiction","Author":"Crazy about Hunger Games","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10883821","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Why not us? -A Peenis fan fiction Katniss took her bow and shot the president Snow! She did it! Finally, they were all free. There were no district, no peacemakers, no \"President Snow\" anymore, it was all gone. But it looked too perfect and someone shot her in her back. So she fell and Peeta who had seen everything started running to her, but Gale was there first and he hugged her very hard calling for help. Peeta ran to her and tried to make her walk to the hospital like she did with him during the Hunger Games when Cato and his friends fought with him. When they got to the hospital, everything was open, and the light turned off but there were nobody, so they came in and went to a big room with, in the middle, an operating table. They stretched her on it and Peeta pricked her to make her fell asleep. He operated her and, some hours later, she whispered the name of Peeta in her sleep.[Chapter 2] When Gale heard that, he looked at Peeta and told them: \"I can't take this anymore\" and he went out of the room. Peeta, feeling alone said \"I'm here Katniss, and will always be\". Later, in the evening, while Gale was outside, Katniss woke up and asked what happened and why wasn't Gale here and if Prim and her mother was okay. Peeta answered: \"We won the rebellion and I'm pretty sure that Prim and your mother are okay -what about Gale? -hum, I know you love him but during your sleep you whispered my name many times and he said that he couldn't take this anymore and, now, he's outside I think -ho my god -what? He's okay now... -I know but he doesn't deserve that! You don't deserve that, both of you! -what? -I gotta see Gale, she said trying to get up slowly. -please tell me! What don't we deserve? -please bring me to Gale -NO! Not anymore, I'm tired to do this, i wanna know: What don't we deserve? -look, I love Gale but... During the Hunger Games, I pretended that I loved you to get sponsors and I played with your heart and you doesn't deserve that. -and Gale? -I love him! but in the second Hunger Games, on the beach, or when your heart stopped I didn't kiss you for the sponsors but because I loved you, only you and I think he knows it. Then, to get you out of the Capitol, Gale risked his life to save you only because he loved me and that's why I can't, I can't let him down, not now!\" They stopped talking for a little while and the girl on fire said \"I never wanted any of this\" Peeta looked at her and head down, he whispered \"me neither, but at least, I know something: I can't change you\". Suddenly, Gale came in and looked at Katniss who was nearly crying. \"Are you okay? -yes, answered the little voice -I'm gonna call Coy to tell her you're okay and that she can come to bring us back to district 13 -ok -hey Katniss, you really afraid me this time! Don't do this to me ever again. -ok\"[Chapter 3] When Gale heard that, he looked at Peeta and told them: \"I can't take this anymore\" and he went out of the room. Peeta, feeling alone said \"I'm here Katniss, and will always be\". Later, in the evening, while Gale was outside, Katniss woke up and asked what happened and why wasn't Gale here and if Prim and her mother was okay. Peeta answered: \"We won the rebellion and I'm pretty sure that Prim and your mother are okay -what about Gale? -hum, I know you love him but during your sleep you whispered my name many times and he said that he couldn't take this anymore and, now, he's outside I think -ho my god -what? He's okay now... -I know but he doesn't deserve that! You don't deserve that, both of you! -what? -I gotta see Gale, she said trying to get up slowly. -please tell me! What don't we deserve? -please bring me to Gale -NO! Not anymore, I'm tired to do this, i wanna know: What don't we deserve? -look, I love Gale but... During the Hunger Games, I pretended that I loved you to get sponsors and I played with your heart and you doesn't deserve that. -and Gale? -I love him! but in the second Hunger Games, on the beach, or when your heart stopped I didn't kiss you for the sponsors but because I loved you, only you and I think he knows it. Then, to get you out of the Capitol, Gale risked his life to save you only because he loved me and that's why I can't, I can't let him down, not now!\" They stopped talking for a little while and the girl on fire said \"I never wanted any of this\" Peeta looked at her and head down, he whispered \"me neither, but at least, I know something: I can't change you\". Suddenly, Gale came in and looked at Katniss who was nearly crying. \"Are you okay? -yes, answered the little voice -I'm gonna call Coy to tell her you're okay and that she can come to bring us back to district 13 -ok -hey Katniss, you really afraid me this time! Don't do this to me ever again. -ok\" ","Summary":" Why not us? -A Peenis fan fiction Katniss took her bow and shot the president Snow! She did it! Fin"},{"Movie":"Hunger","Title":"The Youtuber Hunger Games","Author":"thundered51","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10622590","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It was the day of the reaping for the hunger games. Prim was panicking, Mum was moaning and i was... frustrated. My mum is ill so myself and prim often have to look after ourselves and District 12 being District 12 isn't an easy place to live, especially in the Seam. When we finally got out of the house, we began to walk to the reaping Prim was still nervous that her name would be picked out so i told her ''Prim look there's only one of your name in there. What are the chances?\" Prim sniffed and whispered a thank you in my ear and we went off to our places, then the reaping started. ''Welcome to the reaping of this years hunger games, may the odds be in your favour,'' President PewDiePie boomed through the microphone. After a while of waiting and worrying as a matter of fact, they came to district 12. President PewDiePie started digging around in the bowl until he picked up a name. ''And the girl for 12 is... PRIMROSE EVERDEEN!'' I Stood there shocked, scared, furious until i finally came to my senses. ''I VOLUNTEER AS TRIBUTE!'' I yell so everyone can hear me. Then the kind lady who was helping with the reaping came over and asked me my name, when i gave a reply she understood why i had volunteered. ''Ok there appears that we have a volunteer, the girl for 12 is now Katniss Everdeen!'' He says. I Look at prim and at my mother. Prim is crying so much she might flood Panem and my Mum is in shock but i think she's glad Prim doesn't have to go into the arena. Next i was taken away with Peeta Mellark the boy fighting for 12 i figured we were going to meet our mentor.[Chapter 2] Now i find myself stood in a room with Alfie and our mentor, Haymitch, He is meant to be talking tatics and welcoming us but instead he wobbles around like a drunk octopus. After a while, the effect seems to have worn off so he begins to talk to us about what challanges we may face in the arena such as, traps, explosions and poisonous berries. ''So what are your strengths?'' he asked us. ''Bow and arrows,'' I reply ''What about you boy,'' ''Uhhhh making youtube videos?'' Alfie replies stammering. ''Making youtube videos! oh thats funny! thats hilarious! come on boy there must be something!'' ''Ummm uhhhh im good n at lifting heavy bags of sugar,'' ''Ah! weight-lifting i knew there'd be something! now come on we are meeting with the other tributes,'' After that, we went into a circular room in the middle of the training centre with different activities in each corner. The idea was to do all the things we weren't so good at and save what we where good at for separate training. I saw Alfie go over to the camouflage section I was thinking about going over there with him so i can tell him that i watch his youtube videos and that I'm his biggest fan ever but i decided now was not the time. Now i find myself doing fire starting with someone called Joe who also does youtube he told me he has a channel called ThatcherJoe which started about 2 years ago. Anyway, once i had mastered that i went over to the knife throwing area. I could see a boy named Fred from district 3 violently throwing knifes at targets like there was no tomorrow and a small girl from district 7 named Zoe trying and failing at throwing knifes. ''Here i'll help you,'' i found myself saying. ''You hold the wooden bit tightly in your fist look at the place you want to throw it, pull it back to its over your shoulder and launch it forward,'' ''Wow thank you!'' She said So i thought to myself how hard can it be? so i picked up a sharp steel knife and rapidly threw it at the target and i got a bullseye. Zoe cheered and Fred had no idea what happened. A few hours later, we were told our rooms and settled down for the night I decided tomorrow was the time to speak to Alfie.[Chapter 3] I woke up with lots of thoughts buzzing around my head. Where was i? Suddenly, it all came flowing back to me, i leapt out of bed, but on my clothes and left my room. When i went down for breakfast there where only 2 people there, Jessica from district 6 and Alfie. Jessica i had decided was a crazy woman Evidence? well here you go... ''O GLIEN!'' and thats all she says... well i did warn you. I sat down set to Alfie and decided now was the time to talk, ''Hi PointlessAlf i am your worst best viewer of ThatcherJoe and you are fake,'' I said. That was a fail a voice echoed in my head that was the one time i agreed with my thoughts. Alfie was now giving me strange looks so now i totally won't blame him if he un-follows me on instagram! Anyway Jessica was eating her cereal with her fingers and shouting ''ME O GLIEN! ME O GLIEN!'' So I've decided she will probably die first or second in the arena, speaking of arena today i have to go and see my stylist Marzia for fittings for my outfit on the opening ceremony. I can imagine it now a yellow hat with a head torch and a coal miner's overall. Just my luck! ","Summary":" It was the day of the reaping for the hunger games. Prim was panicking, Mum was moaning and i was.."},{"Movie":"Lords of Dogtown","Title":"How I Met the Z-boys: Redux","Author":"green.pepsi.cola","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12918706","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: I've decided this character/story is going to tie into the 'Unwanted' series, which I am currently re-writing as 'Re-write Destiny'. It takes place between chapters 2 and 3, so if you're interested in reading the entire 'story' in order, read 'Re-write Destiny', chapters 1 2, then this one-shot, then 'Re-write Destiny', chapter 3. That's the updated version of 'Unwanted'. How I Met the Z-Boys I'd just finished off my day working a long shift at the Treasure Trove Garage (why it's called that, I have no idea; it's just my job); stepping out into the sun, I tilted my face upwards for a few moments, pausing to close my eyes and inhale the humid afternoon air. I made my way to the street and climbed into my '68 aquamarine Camaro, placing the keys in the ignition and not bothering to fix my button-down work shirt which had ridden up on the sides, earning myself merciless wolf-whistles all-around from the usual company which usually loitered around the shop as I exited. I also ignored the haphazardly-sliding baseball cap beginning to fall sloppily off my head, as it had been jammed over my brown ponytail to keep it neat in the wind, nor did I bother to remove the smudges of motor-oil randomly decorating my face and arms. My hair - well, let's just say, it was about as brown as a mudpuddle. My eyes scanned the road for errant skateboarders and hooligans as I reached for the radio; immediately as I'd turned onto Venice Boulevard, 'Dancing in the Streets ' blasted through the speakers, and a very uneventful drive home ensued. I'm not gonna lie, when I got home and flopped my messy self onto my couch in the living room of my small, run-down white house with blue trim, I did not expect to see a long-haired, blonde… somebody sitting dazedly in the dead-middle of my pool, facing away from the back door. A broken, blue skateboard lay discarded about five feet away from them. I was mildly surprised; sure, I let the little kids in the neighborhood swim in the pool when it was filled, fulfilling the illusion of my being a friendly and helpful neighbor, but now it was empty thanks to the current drought which swept the area. Their presence made absolutely no sense. They - I couldn't really tell their gender from the back - were holding their shoulder as if in pain. Me, being the sweet-natured person I am, who just happened to have taken a first-aid class at the Y (despite being completely wiped out from working my Venezuelan arse off), stood to see what was up – er, down. \"Can I be of assistance?\" I asked cautiously, like store clerks do in the movies, unaware of said person's mental state at the moment, hands at my sides in a non-challenging stance. What else was I supposed to do, leave the little skate rat out there and have a lawsuit slapped in my face by his over-eager parents? It was a guy, I'd realized as he turned to look at me. My inquisitive, concerned hazel eyes met his insanely blue ones; those eyes. Lord, to this day I swear they looked right through me, piercing my soul with their burning imprint. 'Icy stare' doesn't even begin to cover it; I now knew how it felt to, in an instant, be read like a book, classified, and placed on a shelf within 2.5 seconds of meeting another human. Only, this shelf wasn't comprised of wood; it was comprised of social status. Sure, my house wasn't exactly the epitome of clean; in fact, it was quite messy if I say so myself. But, it wasn't a total dump. I mean, I could afford the pool he was currently sitting in, couldn't I? Not to mention, by the way he was dressed, how he looked, and what he was currently doing, he couldn't have been in a much higher social bracket than me. Maybe that wasn't the kind of appraisal I'd just gotten, but it certainly felt like it. \"Don't need any help,\" his voice rang out finally after an uncomfortably-long pause, sullen and determined. I could now tell I was working with a tough, stubborn, slightly-egotistical kid of indeterminate, but relatively young, age. \"Sure, you don't. You'll just pop that shoulder right back into place all by yourself, easy as pie, huh? I'll bet. I gotta medical certificate, if you change yer mind, vato, \" I continued, smoothing the front of my work shirt subconsciously. I tried again: \"Why doncha come in, and we'll see what we can do for ya?\" \"I said I don't need help, girl ,\" he sneered; going to act tough, this one. \"Excuse me, but I believe I'm quite a bit older than you… so, no need to call me 'girl',\" I tossed up some air quotation marks around the word for emphasis. When he didn't respond, I added a simple, \"suit yourself, boy .\" If he was going to be that way, so could I. I went back in through the sliding door, leaving just the screen pulled shut, and snickered to myself as he attempted to fix his shoulder by repeatedly slamming it against the side of the pool at the wrong angle. It was definitely popped out of the socket, I could tell, but he only succeeded in hurting himself further. Before walking deeper into the house, I added, \"change yer mind, kid, I'll be inside.\" I shook my head, mumbling \"lil' maggot\" under my breath. This was my last-ditch attempt at persuading him inside using words; I wasn't about to push further. If I was going to help him, I'd have to take other measures. When I continued to get no response, I went in to get the first-aid kit, just in case he decided to stop being so stubborn. From what I could see, he had a bruised lip, cuts or scratches on his forehead and cheek, and a scrape that, oddly enough, resembled nail patterns on his arm. Oh, yeah, and then there was that case of the slightly-drowned ego. I proceeded to the kitchen, grabbing two beers from the fridge. I set both on the coffee table in the living room, in front of the low couch, making sure they clinked on the glass loudly and were placed in plain view for anyone in the pool area. My instincts told me the beer might tempt him, coaxing him in by mocking silently from the table, as I headed toward my bedroom to change. I emerged from my bedroom twenty minutes later, re-entering the sitting area to find him sitting on my couch, still nursing his shoulder but occasionally drinking from the half-full bottle clutched in one hand. The other bottle sat, empty, on the table in front of him. Glancing down, my eyebrows shot up into my hairline as I realized the bottom of the kid's feet, which were crossed and resting carelessly on my coffee table as he slumped into the couch with terrible posture, were completely black; he wasn't wearing anything on them. Did this guy skate around shoeless? \"Hey, one of 'em was for me…\" I trailed, tearing my eyes away from said appendages and giving him another good once-over. \"How'd a little grommet like you end up in my pool – my empty pool – in the first place?\" Despite being twenty-five, I pretty much still had the wardrobe of a teenager, and I had a tendency to act like one, too. I liked to think this might endear me to a wider range of people. Take my appearance, for example. My waist-length hair was Dutch-braided into two plaits, and I was wearing an old, green military work shirt with cuffed short-sleeves, the kind that buttons down, which I'd tied it up at the bottom. I'd paired it with an extremely-flared pair of light-blue jeans, my black 'Treasure Trove' baseball cap over my braids, and a couple wood-and-macramé bangles on my wrists, along with my dark blue Converse hi-tops on my feet. You see what I mean? I hadn't expected him to answer, so I jumped a bit when he actually did. \"Skip kicked us out of Zephyr 'n everybody scattered. Yer pool was closest so I'm here.\" It was simple, but at least it got him talking. \"Oh, Skip? You skate for him? Haven't been into Zephyr in ages….\" I was hoping to distract him for a moment. \"Yaaah, bro, it's wicked! Surf on the regular, too– fuck! Damn, couldjya have warned me?!\" He practically screamed as I took a firm hold on his shoulder and popped it effortlessly back into place in the middle of his sentence. \"Nah, ya wouldn'a let me fix it then, and it'd hurt a helluva lot worse,\" I defended as he glowered at me. \"I swear, it would've!\" \"So what, get attacked by a cat, or something?\" I asked after a pause, looking from his forehead to his cheek, and finally the scratch marks on his arm. \"Or something…\" He answered vaguely. I waved the bottle of peroxide I was holding in front of his face. \"If I give ya another beer 'n let ya skate my pool whenever, will you let me help with those?\" I asked hopefully, motioning toward his arm and face in-turn whilst perching on the arm of the couch with some gauze in my hand. It was in my nature to try to triage and fix medical non-emergencies, due to my brief training. I had no idea what I was getting myself into in that moment. \"We – I mean, I – can skate yer pool any time, if I let ya help?\" He asked curiously, his eyebrows raising in his sharp face as he glanced at me with an intense sort of shifty-eyed side-glare. See? How did I know he was going to want something in return? I hate to say I told you so, but… I told you so! \"Calypso,\" I offered my hand. \"Jay,\" he answered, tapping his knuckles to my hand awkardly. Unfortunately for me, he did show up again, and it wasn't just him. oh, no. He brought friends - lots of friends. On Saturday morning, my day off, I was rudely awakened at 8:30 to the sound of screaming coming from my front lawn. Someone was quite impatiently pounding on the front door; I recently learned it's never good to answer the door in your underwear (don't ask me how), so I decided to get at least partially-dressed. I shimmied into a huge pair of black watch-plaid lounge pants and tossed my hair into a messy bun on top of my head, wrapping my sweatshirt around my frame over my tank top before shuffling to the door. It was cool out; the sun hadn't quite warmed up yet, so it wasn't blazing hot. I was met by a blast of cool breeze as I opened the heavy, oak front door; maybe someone had lost their dog. Someone had indeed lost multiple dogs, I decided as I pulled it open. My eyes just about popped out of my head at the sight unfolding before me. Jay stood on my front stoop, a new skateboard held innocently between his hands, behind his back. A bunch of kids were milling about on the street and my front lawn, some skateboarding, others not. Some kid was sitting in my barren flower garden, tossing wood chips at another kid who was inexplicably doing acrobatic tricks in front of him. He was currently walking on his hands, his legs practically bent over his head as Jay opened his mouth to speak. \"Good morning, Calypso, and dontchu look finely this nice Saturday?\" He greeted suspiciously, using pretty silly phrasing, if you ask me. I gave him an incredulous look, taking in the myriad of antics going on behind his skinny, knobbly frame for a moment before slamming the door in his face. I glanced into the hall mirror; my hair looked like I just stepped out of a category 5 hurricane despite being in a bun, my sweatshirt and pants were three sizes too big, and I had gross trails of mascara and eyeliner running randomly down my face from lack of energy the night before, not to mention a drool path coming from one side of my mouth. I still had motor-oil smudged across my nose and cheek from the previous days' work. He impatiently pounded on the door with his fist again, causing me to jump and remember what I was doing. I paused a few seconds before re-opening it. \"Call me Caly, please. What were you saying, Jay?\" I asked, like the previous events didn't just transpire, dragging my sweatshirt sleeve over my face to wipe away the dried drool and hopefully fix some of the other problems I had going on. \"Came over ta skate, brought friends. Ya said we can skate whenever, right?\" He answered, his face taking on an uncharacteristically hopeful look. I was awestruck, speechless at his words. I'd told him so to placate him when he was injured, and he showed up within the very same week, the entire neighborhood in tow? I hesitated a few moments before sighing with finality. \"Fine, fine. But if the pigs show up with noise complaints, I ain't hiding all you maggots. And, I want proper introductions. No lawsuits, neither. You're under verbal contract, Jay, and all your lil' friends too,\" I snapped, opening the door wider. \"Girl, none of us got familia that's rich enough for lawyers!\" A curly-haired someone shouted, giving me what I would later determine to be his signature smirk. I growled at him to not call me 'girl' again. Again with this 'girl' thing? Ten minutes later, I'd been introduced to nearly every single person he'd brought. Let's see… there were too many to count. Very first, (I was sure he was passing the best ones through first, to make a good impression) there was Stacy, with his long, blonde surfer-dude hair, ocean-blue eyes, and tall, medium-to-lanky build. Next, Tony: the one who'd talked back to me before; curly brown hair with streaks of blond, washed out by the harsh sun, brown eyes, wiry and muscular (I was warned he'd chase anything with legs, including other people's mothers), with his girlfriend, Blanca, beside him. Mostly, she looked like she wanted to kill me, until I reassured her I had no interest whatsoever in the Tony kid; she had long, loose, chocolate-brown hair that curled slightly and honey-tinged, light eyes, and I figured due to her reaction that she'd probably been burned by her boy Tony more than once. The first three kids noisily clomped through the house, heading straight to the backyard. The front-runner of the next group was Tony's sister, Kathy. She was a best friend of Blanca; cute, with long, brunette hair streaked through with blonde, of average height and build; she'd offered me an orange from the tree in my front yard as she walked past, following her brother. Shogo was a good-looking Asian dude, normal height with long, black hair just past his shoulders and kind brown eyes. He was pretty difficult to understand, mumbling some Japanese curse words when he couldn't come up with the proper English equivalent to the words 'diving board', which I had in my pool. He was closely followed by Peggy: the first girl I'd met to actually skate on the team, who was kinda short, with dark, browny-black hair and brown eyes, who was also Asian. She seemed the artistic type. Red Dog, a.k.a. Jim, had a mop of a long, reddy-blond haircut and blue eyes; from the back, I mused as he passed, I could easily have confused him for Stacy. He was on the tall side, but not as tall as the afore-mentioned blonde who'd towered over me as he passed. His best bud was Biniak, a squirrelly-looking kid who acted all macho and twitchy around me, yet another bleach-blond with gray eyes, a little on the shorter side, apparently known for his addiction to hitting top-speed wherever he went. These characters all disappeared into my home, skate equipment in hand, and I began to worry at the sheer number of names and faces of which I'd have to keep track. There were some little, tagalong kids, probably younger siblings whose names I do not remember, who dashed past me and into the house, followed by two blonde, bimbo-like groupies Jay dragged in at the last minute, calling out the names 'Amanda' and 'Rosie' (accompanied by an added aside which consisted of \"I think...\", whispered under his breath with a gulp and mischievious grin as they passed). Next came a round consisting of a few oddballs. The first was Wentzle: a shorter kid who looked like he was about fifteen, or something; he was yet another long-haired, bleach-blond, brown-eyed kid who appeared to be pretty unassuming. I would later learn he was just short, closer to seventeen, and in fact a pretty enterprising individual. He was followed by a little squeak of a kid named Arthur, or something, who had a perpetual frown on his young features, but was otherwise unmemorable. And then, there was a dude they called 'P.C.', because his first name was the same as someone else's, and his surname was ridiculously long. My head began to spin as I was self-introduced to the youngest in the group, aside from Jay. Last but not least, was Sid, introduced as 'Baby Sid'. He looked pretty grungy overall (which really made me wonder if he was trying to compensate for something), with wavy, shoulder-length brunette hair and big, brown eyes, of stocky build and medium height, and klutzy as all hell. Upon walking through the kitchen, he almost knocked over a vase, then managed to also trip over his own two feet and sprawled over the threshold of the sliding glass doorway. After the longest introduction of my lifetime, and an aching shoulder from shaking so many hands and giving multiple high-fives, I was finally confident no one would be smashing their heads in immediately. That meant they could at least handle themselves for half an hour so I could shower and properly dress. \"No raiding my fridge, Jay,\" I warned, \"I will make you all some sandwiches when I come back out, if you ask nice and supply some help. But the minute one-a you gets seriously hurt, yer all outta here. Got that?\" Jay snorted, shoving down a giggle. \"Yes, ma'am ,\" he answered smartly, his voice dropping low and gravelly in a mocking tone as he pretended to snap to attention and saluted to me using only his middle finger. I wasn't even going to bother arguing with this kid today, it was just too early. I grabbed the first items I found on the floor in my closet (I really needed to do laundry), which ended up being a black t-shirt advertising some random surf-wax, a pair of ripped, faded old jeans, and a dark blue bandanna, which I planned to wrap around my head to camouflage my horrible shower hair. I headed quickly toward the full-bath. \"Get out,\" I stated flatly as I opened the closed bathroom door to boot one of the blonde girls and Shogo, who'd been sucking face in there. They both exited sheepishly, and I locked the bathroom door behind me. Yeesh, this was gonna be more complicated than I'd bargained for, I had a feeling. Letting the hot water run rivulets down my body, I sighed to mentally prep myself for the fallout I was sure to find when I emerged. I heard a loud 'crash' emanating from the living room, and sent up a prayer it hadn't been that expensive vase Sid had almost creamed earlier (probably rated the most-expensive thing in my house). Jumping out of the shower once I'd finished, I didn't even bother to fuss with looking for my shoes. All I bothered to do makeup-wise was slap on some basic mascara and black eyeliner. I tied my hair up into another messy half-up bun, putting the bandanna around my forehead and under the ponytail in the back. When I exited and returned to my living room, I spotted Tony (the creep I was warned could very well try to get into my pants) turning my stereo on full-blast, letting the bass boom through my house as I turned in his general direction to scold him. My mouth popped open to say something, but then I noticed a flash of blonde fly past my sliding glass window outside in the back. I glanced at him, then snapped my mouth shut as I distractedly spun on one foot in the direction of the commotion outside. Tony pulled Blanca to his chest and started sucking face with her. Horny teenagers! Stepping through my back door onto the veranda, my eyes were met by a sight that could only be described as an area that had been recently affected by a natural disaster. At that exact moment, the blob of kids all screamed \"WHAM, BAM, THANK YOU, MA'AM!\" along with the Bowie song that was just pulling to a close, which drifted loudly from the house. Soon, the opening bars of 'Funk #49' blasted my eardrums as I surveyed the throbbing, crazy milieu of craziness in front of me. There were people everywhere, people who hadn't been there in the first place, screaming and skating, chasing each other, some guy slinking around with a camera glued to his face, snapping photos… Kathy, who was quickly being joined by Blanca now, was sitting with the two blonde groupies and another, dark-haired chick with whom I wasn't familiar. Following a brief pause, during which I picked my incredulous chin up from the ground, I was forced to break up a squabble between Biniak and Jay, who had collided mid-run and were now standing angrily in the middle of the pool. Biniak's hands were curled into tight fists at his sides, and much-shorter Jay was holding his skateboard high above his head like a bat, looking like he was fixing to whack the other boy with it as I glared at them both with my hands on my hips. \"Jay, fucking seriously, cut it out. Break it up, or get out,\" I threatened, pointing to the front of my house not willing to play any stupid games today. \"But, Caly…\" Jay began, ready to argue with me. I cut him off a stern look. Both clammed up immediately and went their separate ways. Craig, the photographer who had been snapping photos of the boys the entire day, inadvertantly had his camera pointed at us that exact moment. Til years later, I wouldn't realize my little go-round with Jay and Biniak had forever been captured in film, my finger pointing sternly toward the gate and all. I watched Jay wordlessly follow my pointing and disappear through the gate, probably to go blow up elsewhere. Some kid I hadn't recalled meeting before began circling me slowly on his board. \"Unless you're secretly part-hawk, or a stalker, I suggest you stop, little creep,\" I told him, crossing my arms over my chest. The kid stopped directly in front of me, standing way too close for comfort. His shoes nearly touched my bare toes. \"You're hot - what's a 'hot mama' like you doing around here, anyway?\" He asked. I did not appreciate this 13-year-old kid harassing me right now. Who was he, anyway? \"Look, I live here, and I'm 25, so don't even think of trying anything on me. I will knock you flat on your skinny little maggot ass. I ain't a babysitter, so if yer gonna keep harassing me, ya needa leave little man.\" The kid scowled at me as if I'd slapped him, but eventually went to sit by the pool with his legs dangling in, pouting like a two-year-old. I sat in one of my patio lounge chairs with legs crossed, sketchbook in my lap. That Stacy guy popped out of the pool where he'd just finished a run, grabbing the other lounge chair next to mine. \"Okay if I sit here?\" He asked, already having parked his butt in the chair. \"Knock yerself out,\" I answered, not looking away from the skating kid whom I was currently sketching. \"Hey, that's not half-bad,\" he peered down at my work so far. \"Red Dog's hair's a little longer, though,\" he added, pointing to the page for emphasis. \"More like mine.\" I grabbed my eraser and removed some of the hair I'd already drawn, drawing the rat's nest a few inches longer. Suddenly, Tony-freaking-Alva appeared out of nowhere, putting his foot up on my chair and snatching the drawing pencil out of my hand. \"Ay Carly maaan, you were really harshing on Baby Paul. Real brutal, put 'im in his place good! Ay chica , you got any beer in this place?\" \"Boy what do you think this is, a tiki bar? First of all, it's 'Caly', not 'Carly'; and secondly, beer? D efinitivamente no es para ti. Ahora vete de aquí ! Skate or go suck your girlfriend's face, ya swimsuit-stealer,\" I retorted, pulling the triangle bikini top he'd swiped while riffling my drawers from his front pocket before re-claiming my pencil and shoving him away from the chair. He took my advice and bailed from the conversation, jumping into the pool with some of the other skaters, who were taking turns seeing how much air they could get over the sides of the pool. A few minutes later, Peggy approached. \"Uh, someone said somethin' about sandwiches?\" She asked, walking over from where she'd been waiting to drop in, sitting with her legs dangling into the pool. \"Oh, yeh – c'mon, you can help me,\" I answered as I stood and walked into the house, and she wrinkled her nose but followed me. She grabbed Kathy's arm as we passed to drag her inside, too. Red Dog trailed after Kathy, and we had a good little assembly line set up for peanut-butter-and-jelly sandwiches. After a few hours, the crowd began to thin to mostly people to whom I'd been introduced. And that was when Skip showed up again. We'd hung out years before, and we'd kind of been a 'thing' once upon a time; we hadn't been dating for a long time, and I probably hadn't spoken to him in a few years. \"Cal,\" was all he'd said when he saw me, before pulling me up off the chair and bringing it in for a hug. That summer, when the kids on the team (and Kathy and Blanca) weren't surfing, skating, or bumming around down at Zephyr, they would spend most of it at my house. I went to most competitions, as a kind of dual-chaperone along with Skip and Stecyk, who continued to photograph them. I started spending more one-on-one time with Skip again; we talked a bit, partied a bit, surfed a bit… and rekindled our relationship. And to think, it all started when Jay Adams stumbled upon my pool and knocked his shoulder out of the socket, after getting in a fight with a chick. ","Summary":" A/N: I've decided this character/story is going to tie into the 'Unwanted' series, which I am curre"},{"Movie":"Lords of Dogtown","Title":"Alice","Author":"emylova","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11214172","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I hate you!\" I scream at my father, bottom lip quivering. \"God, I fucking hate you!\" He charges at me like an angry bull, grabbing my hair and slapping me in the face. This isn't uncommon, it happens every night. My father gets drunk, I get mad, we scream at eachother, he hits me a couple times, then I stomp up to my room and lock the door. Tonight however, feels different. Tonight, I feel like I need a friend, and I know just who to go too. I met Jay Adams when I was twelve. It isn't a romantic story really, he had 'accidently' run into me with his board and ever since then we had been attached at the hip and still were five years later. Jay was definitely my best friend out of all the guys. He understood me better then them. I may or may not have a teensy tiny crush on him too. Well, more like a huge ass crush. I climbed out my window and walked down the streets, avoiding alley's and staying under street lights as much as possible. This was the first night in awhile that I had snuck out and gone to Jay's ever since my father started hitting me. Jay didn't know about the abuse, he hasn't even met my father. Philaine is the closet thing I had to a mother, seeing as mine walked out six years ago. But that's how I liked it, my mother had been no better then my father was now. A/N so i'm going to end it there, its meant to be short. PLease review? I'll only update if people actually read this story aha. ","Summary":" I hate you!\" I scream at my father, bottom lip quivering. \"God, I fucking hate you!\" He charges "},{"Movie":"Lords of Dogtown","Title":"Oh, Donna","Author":"belalugosilay","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9594763","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: I don't own Lords of Dogtown, or any of the Z-Boys. There weren't any words that could truly do Dog-Town justice, it was dirty and run-down, but god, it was the most amazing place I'd even known. The people were something else too, man, I'd never met a more colorful batch of people in my life, and there was so much character. Maybe it had something to do with the whole 'ghetto by the beach' thing but whatever. I lived in a small apartment off of Main Street with my older sister, Kathy. Our parents were out of the picture for some reason or another, it wasn't because they didn't want us or anything sad like that, it was because we didn't want them. Besides, living on the coast was way better than living in the middle of fucking nowhere in Arizona. Kathy worked at some clothing store at the Santa Monica Mall or something like that, I'd taken a job up at the local surf shop- Zephyr. School had let out about a week ago and I'd spent my whole time alternating between bumming around with everyone at the beach and handling things at work. There really wasn't much of anything to around the shop anyway, usually I was stuck picking up stray bottles and cigarette butts, or talking to whoever was there, except Chino, he kind of freaked me out to tell you the truth. I'd lived in Dog-Town for a total of a year and a half, and let me tell you, it had been the craziest fucking year of my life. It had been difficult adjusting to everything at first, I'd be lying if I said it wasn't, people here were just so territorial, they had this whole 'Locals Only' philosophy working for them. I'd met Peggy Oki first out of everyone, I think we'd had a class together or something like that, I can't really remember, all I knew was that we had the same taste in music, and she was about the only girl that hadn't given me the stink eye, and that was good enough in my book. She eventually invited me to hang around, seeing as I didn't know anything about anywhere or anyone, and it was then that I first came to know the Z-Boys. I'd developed an okay relationship with most of the boys, I mean, I guess they all had their own thing going for them, but there were three boys in particular that were unavoidable. There was Stacy Peralta, he was different from the rest of the guys, he has his own manner to him, and he was one of the sweetest guys I'd ever met, and it really did help that he had manners, something that was severely lacking in the Dog-Town community; but you shouldn't mistake his kindness for his weakness. Tony Alva, was another case entirely, there's really no good way to put it; he was a cocky son-of-a-bitch. I mean, really, he always wanted to be better than you at everything, but he did have that whole charming Mexican (Puerto Rican, really, but whatever) thing going for him. Then there was Jay Adams, what can I tell you about Jay Adams, he was a fucking asshole more than half the time, and I'm pretty sure the thing he thought of more than skating was fucking chicks, but god, he could skate like I had never seen anyone skate before in my life, and he had this persona that I just couldn't figure out, it was like he didn't give a shit about anything at one moment and then the next there he was being this wonderful kid to his mother. I spent my time alternating between hating the living shit out of Dog-Town and being too attached to not want to let it go. I, Donna Reeds, did not do confused. This chapter was sort of a pre-cursor to the actual story, an introduction to her life at the current moment. ","Summary":" A/N: I don't own Lords of Dogtown, or any of the Z-Boys. There weren't any words that could truly d"},{"Movie":"Lords of Dogtown","Title":"Slipping, Falling, Tumbling, Crashing","Author":"channyfan1","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7135787","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Random poem. Could apply to anything you want it to, I don't care. It's how I'm feeling, I hope you can relate! Slipping, Falling, Tumbling, Crashing Slipping, Falling, Tumbling, Crashing When all the world wants is things, things, things And all you ask for is one It's hard to grasp reality When they get what they want The one you want, you know deep down Is one you'll never know No matter how many times you can deny it You know they will never show You slip at the mere sight of him The mutter of his name The way you're foolishly in love There's only you to blame You fall when you just hear his voice It makes you want to scream No matter how many times you wish you heard it say I love you But to you? It's just a dream You tumble when you think of him Your heart sinks to the end Sometimes you feel his picture Is your only true friend Your crashing and you burning From barely just a thought Of someone who doesnt know your name Your destinys cross, not It's impossible for you to be with him So your heart turns to bone As I look at life, now I know I will cross the blind death stone Alone. ","Summary":" Random poem. Could apply to anything you want it to, I don't care. It's how I'm feeling, I hope you"},{"Movie":"Lords of Dogtown","Title":"If This Love Never Ends","Author":"Rose Pound","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4900170","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Okay, I'm having some problems with Brady and I, so I'm going to temporarily take that and If This Love Never Ends off. I'm sorry but its just not working right now, and when I get going again, I'll repost it. =] -Rose Pound ","Summary":" Okay, I'm having some problems with Brady and I, so I'm going to temporarily take that and If This "},{"Movie":"Lords of Dogtown","Title":"Is That My Brother","Author":"melanie.goldsmith","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7539191","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hellooo...WASSUP MY PEEPSSS? (tht was a totalll fail.) Well, here you go. My first Lords of Dogtown fanfic! Yay! I LOVE STACY PERALTA! *my mom went to school with Jay Adams! & myy dad & uncle ussed to hang-out with them! I was soo stoked when I found outt!* -When I was little (like 5ish.) I didn't know who they were exactly, & I didnt tell my mom, but I had a hugeee crush on Stace! loll. soo you go. Disclaimer: I do not own anything, Sony Pictures & Catherine Hardwicke do but I do own Sky. Sky's POV It all started when they were little. Jay was 6 and Sky was 3. They were drawing pictures in their parent's room, when they both heard screaming and yelling from the kitchen. They both ran across the hall and into the kitchen to see their dad still yelling at their mother, who was backed against the counter. That was the last time they saw each other. Jay had been living with Donnie, Sky with Philaine ever since then. Now, 10 years later, Sky was 13 and Jay was 16. Both of his best friends, Stacy and Tony were also 16. It was the first day of 11th grade for them. For Sky on the otherhand, it was her first day of 7th grade. Somehow, they all lived in the same area, Santa Monica. They all went to different schools though. Sky went to John Adams, and the boys went to Santa Monica High. For lunch that day, Sky ate her sandwich, while sitting alone. An 8th grader came up to her and asked \"Don't you have any friends? I think you should make some. My name is Ryan, the bully, and you are a loser. Why don't we shake hands?\" Sky at first ignored him, then she turned around to face him. Sky immeaditly hit the ground with a horrible_ pain in her jaw and stomach. She ditched, knowing she had 30 minutes to get out of that school to anywhere else other than there. Sky wandered around the high school unknowingly until she saw two older boys that looked like they knew her but she didn't know them. Sky walkedd up and said \"Hey, Can you help me?\" while holding her cheek. Tony and Stacy looked at her. \"What? Are you lost or something? How old are you? Don't you belong to the Middle School?\" Tony asked. \"Actually, I ditched. I'm 13, and yes, yes I do. I ask again, can you help me?\" Sky sarcastically replied. \"Stace,\" Tony smiled, while giving a sarcastic reply back. \"get something. She's hurt.\" Stacy grabbeed his backpack and started looking through it while Tony led the girl over to a bench. \"What's your name? How'd this happen?\" Tony curiously asked. \"I was pretty much just eating my lunch and then some 8th grader named Ryan came over to me, said I was a loser, and then punched me. The names' Sky. What's you're guys' names?\" Cliffy ey? The next chapter is gonna be in Stacy's POV & maybe Tony's POV. REVIEW! If you want to tell me any ideas that u might have for the future. Seriously, I have no idea where I'm gonna take this. I mean, I have a little plot, but I don't know details and like whatever. So ya, I have to go & I'll try to post later. See ya! Have a great week! ","Summary":" Hellooo...WASSUP MY PEEPSSS? (tht was a totalll fail.) Well, here you go. My first Lords of Dogtown"},{"Movie":"Lords of Dogtown","Title":"Take It Easy","Author":"Kay080","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5434584","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Take It Easy \"Laura Taylor?\" The thin woman with wild blonde hair nodded slowly, eyeing the police officers that stood in her doorway. She took a long drag from her cigarette. \"Yes, can I help you officers?\" Suddenly, from behing the two big men a smaller version of the woman stepped forward. She had straight blonde hair, piercing blue eyes and the face of an angel. Laura scowled. \"What have you done now?\" She spat. The girl shrugged as though she didn't care that she had been brought home at 2:00 AM by the cops. The taller of the two men spoke. \"Ma'am, your daughter was picked up for vandalism. She was caught with a group of kids that were spray painting on the side of the old Smith Convience Store.\" Laura shook her head. \"Thank you officers, I don't know what i'm gonna do with her.\" The two men turned to walk away, Laura and the girl left alone, in the doorway. As the cop car pulled away the girl brushed past Laura, making her way into the dingy kitchen of the small house. Laura followed. \"Jude, what the hell are you thinking?\" The girl, Jude, didn't speak. Laura continued. \"Why do you have to be such a bitch, huh? Why do you have to embarrass me like that?\" Finally Jude spoke up. She wore a grin. \"Look mom, you embarrass yourself. Everyone in this town knows what you are.\" Laura frowned. \"And what exactly am I?\" She yelled. \"Oh, let me think..\" Jude began. She paused. \"You are a drug addict, you bring home different men every night and oh, let's not forget about the fact that you were a stripper for twelve years!\" Laura slapped her daughter. \"You ungreatful little whore.\" - Jude Taylor was many things, but she was not a liar. At sixteen years old she had pretty much figured everyone, and everything out. She had been raised in a poor neighbourhood by a mother who didn't care about her at all. As long as Jude was out of Laura's hair, it didn't matter where she was or what she was doing. Now here she was in Venice Beach with a bookbag slung over her shoulder and a skateboard clutched under her left arm. She had no one, and these things were the only things she possesed. Where she would sleep that night was even now a mystery. Laura had asked Jude to leave the night before, after their argument. She hadn't thought about the fact that her daughter had no one and no where to go. Jude was used to this though, she was street smart, and she knew how to survive in the toughest of places. Venice Beach was the first place she thought of running too. It held her past, and possibly her future. She walked until she came to a small shop, by the water. Squinting in the sunlight she read the words printed on the sign above the door. \"Zephyr Skate Shop.\" Before she knew it, Jude was standing at a counter, tapping her long fingers on the wood. \"Can I help you?\" She heard a man's voice, slurring. Looking around Jude saw no one. Then he stepped into the light, and she recgonized him instantly. \"Long time since I saw you.\" Skip frowned. He held a beer bottle in one hand, a cigarette in the other. \"Jude?\" He asked, pulling his sunglasses from his eyes. She nodded. Skip Engblom was the one thing that drew her to this town. She hadn't seen him in years, since he showed up at her door, looking for her mother. \"You look .. older.\" He suddenly seemed to sober up, his face becoming serious. \"I turned sixteen last month.\" She replied. Skip looked uncomfortable. \"Sorry I missed it.\" Jude shrugged. \"It's 'ight.\" She studyed the shop closely. \"Nice place you got here.\" Skip nodded, taking a drag from his smoke. \"Yeah, it's coming along.\" A silence filled the air. \"Jude, why are you here?\" Jude looked at him with a sheepish look. \"Mom kicked me out last night.\" Skip didn't look surprised. \"Oh.\" Jude nodded. \"But it's fine. I'll be fine.\" She didn't want Skip to feel that he had to take her in or anything, although secretly that was the outcome she was really hoping for. \"You, uh, need a place to stay for a while?\" Jude nodded. \"I'd like that.\" - Laura Taylor had been just fifteen when she found out she was pregnant with her first child, a boy. Everyone had called him Skip, from the time he was very young. Now in his mid-twenties, Skip had distanced himself from everything and everyone in his past. Jude didn't blame him. He'd grown up with Laura, and the many men of her life. He knew what it was like. Just like Jude, he'd been on his own since he was just sixteen years old. Now here she was, sleeping on Skip's couch. It was something she'd never expected to happen. Jude worked in the shop, something she didn't mind considering she was a skater herself. She liked being around boards and the people who mastered them. \"Hey Skip, sorry i'm late.\" A boy about Jude's age entered the shop. He had long brown hair, and a face that reminded Jude of innocence. \"It's alright man, just don't let it happen again.\" Skip called from the back. The boy stopped up as soon as he saw Jude. \"Do you work here?\" He asked. \"Yeah, i'm Jude Taylor.\" The boy nodded slowly. \"I'm Sid.\" Skip appeared from the back, stumbling out through the inventory. \"Sid, this is my sister. She's staying with me for a while.\" ","Summary":" Take It Easy \"Laura Taylor?\" The thin woman with wild blonde hair nodded slowly, eyeing the polic"},{"Movie":"Lords of Dogtown","Title":"Beneath","Author":"bottle monkey","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4951537","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: hi! so, this is my first foray (is that even the right word?) into lords of dogtown. it's extremely short, only like five hundred words long, but i've actually been working on it for the last couple of months, haha. Beneath He says he stays out so late in the water because he's sick of fighting people for waves, or sick of people laughing at him when he wipes out (and he always does), so she just waits for him. Sits on the sand and lets the water push up her skirt inch by inch until he notices and comes running over. Tonight it's different, though, so she's pressing her pink lips together and letting her cleavage spill out of her top as an extra bit of bait. He's the only not biting, and she thinks maybe he's lost interest. But no, he couldn't get anyone else, not someone better than her, so she loses her nerves and leans back against the sand. He's watching Jay in awe, and his mouth forms an O shape when he attacks the wave, just beating it into submission and making it work for him. He glides across the water like it's not even there, like he's just flying through the air. Sometimes she wonders why Stacy even bothers with surfing, when he has to surf with someone like him. Even Miki Dora would look like an amateur next to Jayboy. She watches as Stacy swims out after him and they say something to each other, something she can't quite catch because they're too far away. He's always too far away, she thinks. Always. She grins when she sees that he's wading his way towards the shore, towards her. She gives a little wave and pretends to ignore the suggestive smirk Jay sends her way. Stacy has a tight smile, stretched over his lips with a look of apprehension. She furrows her eyebrows at him. \"What?\" \"Listen, I…\" he sounds a little out of breath, his chest bright pink from the water. \"I know I promised we'd go to the cove tonight.\" \" Sta cy. Don't tell me you're bailing out on me again .\" But it's hard to stay mad at him when he looks so…sweet. She decides then that that's how Stacy will make it through life; disappointing people but making them feel guilty for it. He hangs his head, an apologetic gesture. \"I know, I'm horrible and I'm the worst boyfriend in existence,\" he bites the inside of his mouth, speaking in his softest voice. \"But, it's just, Jay really wants to ride a few more waves before it's all white wash, and I figured…I don't know, it's been rough for him these past couple months, with his dad and everything…\" \"It's fine.\" It's not. He looks relieved. \"And we'll go another time. Soon. Tomorrow night?\" \"Okay.\" \"You're the best, Kathy.\" And he runs back towards the water and Jay's saying something to him and he's paddling towards him and she realizes why Stacy even bothers surfing. ","Summary":" A/N: hi! so, this is my first foray (is that even the right word?) into lords of dogtown. it's extr"},{"Movie":"Lords of Dogtown","Title":"No Floods","Author":"Pinnk","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5821687","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The pier. The only place I could be alone and have peace. Well, until the boys come here later on. My head ached, and was bruised. I had a huge gash in the side of my stomach, which I managed to clean off a bit with the water from the ocean. How I managed to get myself up and over here is beyond me. But I'm sure as hell glad I did. I'm never going back home. No ifs, ands, or buts about it. They can keep all my shit. I honestly don't understand my mother at points. If you love your daughter, why would you keep her in an environment that is clearly unhealthy for her? She makes it seem that we're a perfect family with no flaws, and everyone just has to be perfect to the dot. Yeah… perfect family my ass. It had to be around 3 in the morning, so I figured it'd be a good time to start heading… somewhere. I don't know where, just somewhere. I picked myself up, my brown hair flapping wildly at my face. It was freezing, to say the least. Especially when you're wearing shorts and a peasant top. I wiped some of the sand that had been on the pier, off my jean shorts and the bottom of the light yellow shirt, and started my journey to, well, nowhere really. I winced once I started to walk, forgetting about the gash on my side. \"I hate my fucking life!\" I screamed into the air, letting out some of my frustrations. And that's when it happened; I broke down. I cried. And cried, and cried, and cried until I just couldn't anymore. My father finally made me crack. Crying is a sign of weakness, and I sure wasn't weak. I must have looked pretty pathetic, although nobody was around to see. And I really didn't care, either. If anyone was around, I hope they get a good show. It's none of their business anyway. But I learned something about myself; I was no longer scared… Of anything, actually. If I can overcome my father beating me, I can overcome anything. He's made me a stronger person. I wiped my cheek with my hand to get some of the tears and make up off. I know I had to look a wreck. But like I said before, I just don't care. I sat there for a little while more, thinking about everything that's happened in my family over the years, until footsteps from behind me interrupted my thoughts. I didn't move, and didn't flinch. I knew who it was. I didn't have to turn around. The figure came over and wrapped a reassuring arm around my waist. He knew what I was going through. Not exactly what was happening, but he had a pretty good idea. I laid my head on his chest and listened to his heartbeat. The soothing rhythm calmed me down a bit more, and that's when I looked up at him. \"How'd you know I was here?\" He continued his stare out toward the rage filled, grayish ocean. He squinted his eyes as if a light was shining. \"What happened?\" He asked, ignoring my question. I hesitated, and wrapped my arms tighter around his torso. Immediately, he tightened his grip as well. That was my queue to proceed. \"Jay, I really don't want to explain. I mean, my father just got in one of those drunken moods again, and it just happened.\" I knew he didn't like serious conversations, so I tried to make my reply as short as possible. \"I thought you Valley people were like perfect?\" He said, trying to lighten the mood. \"Yeah, perfect. Perfect at having every flaw in the damn world.\" \"You okay?\" \"I've been better.\" I chuckled. \"You know what I meant.\" He said and squeezed my side a little, causing me to wince. He looked down at me with disbelieving, and sorrowful eyes. \"I didn't mean to.\" \"Don't worry.\" \"Easy for you to say. Look, I was gonna surf, but I lost the will to. Come back to my house with me.\" He stood up and helped me to my feet. We began walking up to the road, silence looming over us. Silence left the door open for unnecessary conversation, so I decided to break it. \"How's your mom?\" \"She's fine. After Donnie left, she completely went wacko, but she's good now. Man, Jess, I don't know what to do. I have no idea how we're gonna keep the house.\" He rubbed his hand through his ocean washed hair, then placed it around my shoulder. I put my hand on his a squeezed it. \"You'll be fine Jay. Your mother's a strong, strong woman.\" He smiled down at me and kissed me on my forehead. \"I'm glad I met you Jessica. Only person I can actually fucking trust in. And that's saying a lot.\" I've never heard Jay talk like this. Ever. And we were best friends. It was pleasantly surprising. I just smiled as we continued walking. It wasn't long before we reached his house. I was glad to be here. This was home. Not some big overly priced house that I live in. Or… used to, anyway. Not that I'm not thankful to have been blessed with having money, but it's just not necessary. I threw myself on his bed once we reached his room. The smell of ocean, and Jay filled my nose. I could get used to this every night. I felt Jay lay beside me, kind of distant. He soon scooted closer and put an arm around my shoulder. \"I love you Jay.\" I smiled into his chest and wrapped an arm over his waist. \"I love you too, kid.\" We laid like that for about 30 minutes. Not speaking, yet wide awake. It wasn't until I was completely relaxed when he turned to face me. I offered him an expressionless face, as if I were ashamed. He reached down gently rubbing his cheek, and brow bone. I closed my eyes when his cold hands made contact with my skin. \"You have a huge fucking shiner.\" He said abruptly. I giggled, though he didn't find it humorous. \"I know. It hurts like hell.\" I smirked as he quickly pulled his hand back. \"Sorry.\" He mumbled. \"No need to be. You didn't hurt me.\" I stated, meaning it in two ways. The smirk was wiped off my face as fast as it came on, and seriousness washed over me. Jay must have felt my change in attitude because he put his head closer to mine, indicating me to say what I had to say. \"I can't go home. Ever again.\" I looked at him for helpful words, but nothing came. He only sighed and pulled me tightly to him. He kissed my cheek and looked down at me again... and again ignoring me. \" You're beautiful Jess.\" Very random, but not surprising. He always knew how to make me feel good. And safe, for that matter. My chocolate brown eyes darted up to his topaz ones when he brushed a piece of hair out of my face. He kissed my cheek and I drifted into a deep sleep, once tiredness consumed my body. A/N: Please please review :) ","Summary":" The pier. The only place I could be alone and have peace. Well, until the boys come here later on. "},{"Movie":"Hunger","Title":"The last game","Author":"randombookloveingperson","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10302531","Passage":"[Chapter 1] H ey guys (and girls!) SECOND FANFIC WOO HOO ok so my first one was divergent truth or dare this one is *drum roll* HUNGER GAMES this takes place after the war in mocking jay so it's the capitols kids instead of districts I promise it won't be confusing because I'm on word-Q YAY so anyways I think I'm talking to much now so ON WITH THE STORY I looked across the street where Anna used to live. She was dead now an idiot had killed her in the war because of her lemon coat. BY A PEACEKEEPER. Either way I wanted revenge she was my best friend and now she's dead it's so hard to accept it but Seneca's son Jake has been helping me through it. As I was thinking my maid Holly was knocking \"Scarlet please come out I want to tell you something\" \"a minute Holly I'm changing\" \"ok my dear\" That was only an intro so don't be mad that it isn't long the coolness will happen soon[Chapter 2] IM BACK PEEPS ok so I know the first chapter was not long so I'm doing this one because I want to introduce Jake so anyways I'm a disclaimer blah blah blah ON WITH IT. I finish getting dressed and came downstairs and a televised program was on it was about the games and I HAD TO BE IN THEM BECAUSE OF GRANDPA. Holly looked at me worried and so did Jake I was trying to look calm but inside I was freaking out. \"Scarlet you ok\" says Jake. \"Yes\" I reply witch meant NO I'm so not ok I suck at hiding things because Holly sent me back to bed. PAGE BREAK AMIGOS! That night I couldn't sleep much but I did get thinking I could do what katniss did and defy the capitol. After I thought that I fell asleep. That morning Jake woke me up with some bad news Holly was dead DEAD apparently she did some stuff and had to die it doesn't matter now im going to defy the capitol im done now and there going to pay for what they did. Again its short but I would like to give a little warning about some guy named Vivian he completely diced my story by being an idiot IT WAS AN INTRO YOU IDIOT so I told him off anyways I hope you liked chapter to[Chapter 3] Hello my lovelies lately I made the cut for my school musical and I also have to play football sooo this would mean I will have barely any time to update because I'm so active at this I will have to only do one chapter a day for my stories I don't want to but I have to anyways here is *drum roll*CHAPTER 3 They have to pay for what they did. Is all I thought today at school I'm only 15 luckily Grandpa sent me into various trainings so I'm like a weapon with only my hands and feet. ANOTHER PAGE BREAK AMIS *******TIME SKIP TO THE REAPING******* I now know how the District people feel it's like the old capitol is gone and this is a new one where we have to work for some Martials we have and the clothes are different less extravagant and dullish. Triffee Encite steps onto stage. \"Hello capitol to the 76 hunger games for the kids who parents where with snow during the war this year will be like a Quarter Quill there will be 45 of you instead of 24 can those children come on stage\". Me and a bunch of other kids make our way to the stage she names the boys. I didn't pay attention to the begging but I paid attention to the end she named \"Crimson , Caleb and last but not least Fletcher now for the girls\" I zoned out again until she called my name. They were now pushing us towards trains and I just walked showing no emotion of what was happening. The boy Fletcher was next to me I guess we will be trained together I looked at him. He smiled at me HE SMILED AT ME LIKE NOTHING WAS HAPPENING LIKE THIS WAS JUST A SILLY LITTLE GAME. Note to self keep my anger under control I smiled back and looked away back in front of us. We get on the train and I was right me and fletcher will train together. I do have to admit though he does look cute…(sorry needed to do that) and familiar I shake the thought out of my mind as Effie starts to speak. IT'S A CLIFFHANGER WHAT WILL SHE SAY ok so now I'm down to business please review me what you think she will say and YAY this chapter was longer than normal so I'm happy[Chapter 4] Hey guys so I know I haven't been updating lately cause I have been working on me and my friends account ( Vivessa ) so check us out feel free to review that story to our email ( tessaandvivian122 ","Summary":" H ey guys (and girls!) SECOND FANFIC WOO HOO ok so my first one was divergent truth or dare this on"},{"Movie":"Lords of Dogtown","Title":"Why this last dance?","Author":"Wasting words","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4371729","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The day I had foundnout my best friend had brain cancer, I had gone berserk. \"Baby, honey,nplease, calm down!\" I remember my mother pleading with me. Calmndown? How could I calm down? My best friend is sick. The realnkind of sick, the sick that can't be cured with lots ofnsleep, fluids and chicken noodle soup. I think my tearnducts may have been out of commission that day, because I don'tnrecall shedding a single tear that day. Instead, I screamed until mynlungs couldn't take anymore, and stormed around my house until Inreached my room. Crash. All mynjewelry boxes and random trinkets had all been shoved on the groundnby an angry hand. Rip. Thenposters had been torn from my wall, the covers had been recklesslynpulled to the ground, the clothes from my drawers tossed from thendrawers, and finally I'd detached all the drawers for from myndresser. After my littlentantrum had been thrown, my room was trashed. Glass from my randomntrinkets littered the floor, clothes and covers were in piles fromnthrowing them and the shreds of my remaining posters did for makenshift snow in my room. My mother had leftnme all alone, to cope with the grief in my own way. I think I'm calmnnow.[Chapter 2] \"Kor-beaaaaaaan!!nC'mon!\" Sid pleads, puppy dog eyes shimmering. \"We have to getnto the beach now, or we'll miss our spot!\" I laugh and shake mynhead at the boy. The innocence contained in his fifteen year old bodynamazes me. Today was the Fourth of July and time for Sid and I'snannual tradition of rushing to the beach literally three hoursnbefore to snag a particular spot on the beach, our spot, for SantanMonica's array of Independence Day fireworks. \"Sid, fireworksndon't start for another four hours.\" Sid lived for thenfireworks in July. Ever since we were little kids, and our parentsntook us to see the fireworks for the first time. At my words, Sid'snface fell. \"But Kor- beaaaaaannnnn .\" He whined upon hearingnmy words, \"We have to get there early to get our spot! And thengames. . they could be crowded. And the big bouncy thing!\" Henbantered on. My eyes roll. I trynkeeping a straight face, staring at the wall in front of me as not tongive into his pleads. He's known me for far too long. He pulls anmaneuver he knows I cannot and will not resist. Those big puppy dogneyes melt into a sorrowed look, his bottom lip begins to quiver justnso. \"Oh, pleasenKorbyn? Please, please, please!\" He launched himself to his knees,nclasping his hands together in front of me, \"You know no one elsenlikes the fireworks as much as Korbean and Fearless Sid!\" I pursed my lipsntogether, carefully examining his current position. He knew Incouldn't refuse his begging, his puppy dog eyes and quivering lip. Damn it. \"Oh,nalright. You win F.S. Just get up, you're making a fool ofnyourself!\" I shake my head, offering him a helping hand. \"Yesss!\" Henjumped up in air in triumph, before I shooed him out of my room for anquick change of underwear, clean jeans and a Beatles shirt. O0o0o0o0o Kor-bean andnFearless Sid. Our names side by side almost sounded like dynamicnsuper hero duo you'd read about in a comic book. We very well couldnhave been super heroes in a past life, I suppose. Fearless Sid andnKor-bean. It sounded so good either way. We've had those nick namesnfor each other since we were old enough to talk. And he had alwaysnbeen fearless in my eyes. Even when we were toddlers. He had alwaysnbeen my super hero. And I've always been his side kick, even if Inam older by three months. \"Korbyn!\" Sidnlaughed, pulling strongly on my wrist. \"I can see it! I can see ournspot!\" His pace increased tremendously. Obviously, I was just alongnfor the ride. My feet stumbled over one another, trying to keep upnwith the boy. \"Oh, hurry, Kor! Someone's gonna take it! Someone'sn gonna take it!\"He cried, nearly falling himself. What a doof, Inthought to myself. I'd always been envious of his innocence. Thenlittle kid inside of him was a permanent resident of Never NevernLand. The spirit I see in that boys eyes, I wish I could capturenwithin my own. I was far too mature for the youthful age of fourteen.nIf it wasn't for Sid, I would surley be one of those ladies atnbeach, lounging in a beach in a one piece catching up on the latestnpolitical news, DYI fashions, home recipes. How Sid and Increated this beautiful relationship is still beyond my knowledge.nHe's the spice in my life. I wouldn't have it any other way. \"Korbyn,\" Sidnbegan, pulling a twenty from his pocket, \"C'mon, I wanna try andnwin you something from that balloon popping game!\" 0o0o0o0 \"It's almostntime! Aren't you excited, Kor?\" Sid pointed up to the sky,nleaning back on his elbow. I smiled, resting the fair sized dinosaurnplushie Sid had won for me on the blanket. \"Yeah, of coursenI'm excited.\" I was excited anytime I was around Sid. I lookednaround, scanning for any signs of the other Z-Boys. I'm glad theynweren't so entertained by the fireworks. It would cut into my 'Sid'ntime. He was so cute. Henhonestly was. The boy had more spunk in him than any five year old.nMaybe that's why he's my Fearless Sid. \"Ahh!! Look, look!nKorbean, they're starting!\" I smiled, laying my head on Sid'snstomach. I loved the fourthnof July. Fireworks lit up the sky. Colors of purple, yellow, blue,nred replaced the shining stars in the beautiful sky if only for anmoment. My head dropped a little as Sid went to adjust his weight. If I could take thisnnight, and put it in a bottle for my enjoyment anytime, I would. Thatnwould just be amazing, having this night to comfort me long into mynmuch later years of life. Of course, I had always seen Sid in thenhouse right along next mine as it had always been. No matter how oldnwe grew, my best friend would always be right next door. I sighed happily tonmyself, taking in the feeling of Sid's fingers combing through mynhair. The beach was a beautiful place to be at night. Even betternwith Sid. Yay for updates.nYeauhh, short chapter. I know this whole connection Korbyn and Sidnalready forming must be overwhelming, but criticize not. You'll seenmy reasoning for this as the story goes on, and you'll be glad Indid it. Read, review and enjoy. :D ","Summary":" The day I had foundnout my best friend had brain cancer, I had gone berserk. \"Baby, honey,nplease,"},{"Movie":"Lords of Dogtown","Title":"Lords of Dogtown Untitled","Author":"xoxobabe","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4491615","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Lords of Dogtown Fanfiction Disclaimer: I do not own the movie, the actors, the legendary Z-Boys or anything else I use during the story with the exception of my original characters. That's not to say that I wish I didn't own anything. Summary: Sid's cousin goes to live with him while her parents go on a business vacation. Meanwhile a new girl moves next door to Tony and Kathy Alva. See how they interact with the Z-Boys. (I'm never too good with writing summaries) Author's Note: I rarely write in first person point of view, it's always third. Same goes for this story. I had read somewhere it was harder to write in third person but for me it's not. Now I know I've kept sovereigntyd waiting so here's the first chapter...finally. And also my first couple of chapters of this are going to be really short because I just want to kind of introduce you to the original characters. After these first couple it should get longer. Also note that this first chapter has been rewritten. -- Chapter One: Adrianne Taylor It was five in the morning. Adrianne woke up to her alarm clock ringing. She groaned, not wanting to get up this early. She reached over to her nightstand and hit the off button. After laying in bed for a few moments, she got up and left her room, making her way to the bathroom at the end of the hallway. She took a quick shower and then went back to her bedroom. Taking a pair of jeans that were draped on her desk chair, she quickly put them on and then grabbed the shirt that said Venice Noodle Company. She had started working there a couple of days ago when her family moved to Venice. She needed to pay for the gas she needed for her car. The car was given to her after her father had passed away. A couple of years ago, her father had heard the news that he had cancer. When he died, her mother decided to move the family away from all the painful memories that were sure to follow them had they stayed. Now it was just her mother and her three younger siblings. Grabbing her shoes she left her room and made her way downstairs. When she entered the kitchen, she saw her mother sitting at the table reading the newspaper. Adrianne made a small noise with her throat, making her presence known. Her mother looked up at her. \"Sweetie. What are you doing up this early? School doesn't start for a few more hours.\" \"I'm working this morning.\" She explained while she poured herself a glass of orange juice. \"I need to earn some gas money.\" Her mother nodded, remembering her daughter had told her about working in the mornings as well as after school. Adrianne had wanted to make as much money as she could. Prices were expensive for them and her mother didn't have a great job like those rich people. \"Just make sure you're not late for school. Your studies are just as important.\" Her mother told her before making her way upstairs to get ready for the day. Adrianne nodded even though her mother couldn't see her. School was important for her and she never missed a day unless she was really sick. Most teenagers she knew thought she was abnormal. She didn't party and she always attended her classes. To Adrianne, it was different. She wasn't into getting drunk or high and not remembering what she did the night before. She grabbed her car keys that she left on the counter and left her house. Hearing people talking, she looked over to her left and saw her neighbors. She had only met them once. Or rather she only met the man of the household. Mr. Alva. She knew a little bit about him such as he always worked the graveyard shifts and had two teenagers: a boy and girl. The girl, Kathy, was her age and the boy, Tony, was a year older than her. She assumed Mr. Alva just got home from work and Tony was going surfing, considering that's what most people did from this town. \"You're going to school today right, Tony?\" He had asked his son. Apparently, Tony skipped school most of the time. Otherwise, Adrianne thought his father wouldn't have to ask him the way he did. Tony shrugged it off. \"Yeah dad I'm just going to get wet.\" Adrianne continued walking to her car where she parked it in front of her house the night before. However, she turned around when something caught her attention. She turned around and saw Tony standing behind her, one foot on his skateboard and the other on the hard ground. \"You sneaking out or something?\" He asked her. Adrianne shook her head. \"No. Going to work.\" Tony smirked. \"Sure. I'm Tony. If you ever feel like having a good time, you can sneak into my window. It's the window closer to the front on the side of the house.\" \"No. Don't think so.\" She said, disgusted that he had suggested that. It's not exactly a good first impression. She turned her head back to Tony's house after hearing Mr. Alva yell. She saw Kathy running back into the house with nothing but a short nightgown on. When she looked back over to where Tony currently was, she noticed he was gone. She quickly got into her car and made her way to the Venice Noodle Company.[Chapter 2] Author's Note: For those of you who have already read the first chapter of this story before today, please go back and read it again. Due to an extreme good case of writing without having trouble thinking of what to say, there is now a better chapter. Which is weird considering one minute I was listening to music and just had the sudden urge to write. Especially since it was about one or two in the morning! But anyway I hope you like the change, although not by much, and this new chapter introducing my second original character. Remember to review! -- Chapter Two: Megan Santini Megan had been driving around for about ten minutes. She thought back to her conversation with her parents. Megan had gotten a call from her parents from her friends house. She had only been there or an hour or so before getting the call. She got onto the phone and listened as her mother told her she had to come home right away and of course, as always, to be careful. After saying goodbye to her friend, she got into her 1967 Chevy Camaro and drove to her house with the drive being only five minutes. When she got to her house she parked into her driveway and walked the pathway to their front door. When she walked into the house, she looked for her parents. After a few minutes of looking into the different rooms in their Santa Monica house, she decided to try the upstairs. She thought it was strange that they weren't answering considering they had called her not too long ago, saying it was important she made her way home. Finally she had found them. They were both in their bedroom, packing clothes and other various items. She sat down on the edge of their bed and folded her arms. \"So what was so important?\" She asked while she continued to look on as they continued to pack. Her mother looked up and saw her daughter. Stopping, she walked over to where her daughter was and took a seat next to her. \"Your father got a call about an hour ago. He has to go on a business meeting and I've decided to go with him.\" Megan nodded. Sure they had to tell her that they were going out of town but she didn't see the need for them to have to tell her to be home in order to hear it. \"I had to leave Lauren's house just to hear this?\" She asked them, however, not in a rude manner. More of a confused manner. \" Well.\" Her father said, jumping into the conversation. \"Your mother and I talked about it and we don't think it's a good idea for you to stay here by yourself.\" Megan turned around quickly when she heard what her father had said. \"What you don't trust me or something?\" She asked them, getting annoyed with them. She thought they would be able to trust her. Never had she given them a reason not to. Sure she didn't do the right things when they weren't with her but they had never found out about it. Or at least that she knew of. \" We trust you.\" Her mother started, putting her hand on her daughter's shoulder. \"It's just we don't think a seventeen year old girl should be in a house all by herself. It's just not that safe.\" Megan understood where they were coming from. She was able to see it from their perspective but she wished they could see it from hers as well. She knew there was no sense in arguing about it though because either way, the answer would still be no. \"So do I need to find someone to stay with until you get back?\" She asked them, unsure of whether or not they had already made plans for her. \" You're going to stay with your aunt and uncle. We'll be back in a week but we're not leaving until tomorrow so you can stay here for the night.\" Her mother stood up and went to continue packing. \"Oh and one more thing.\" She said, stopping herself. \"Go to school. You can't miss anymore days Megan.\" Megan nodded. \"Okay.\" She then left and went into her bedroom. She had missed plenty of school days. She didn't miss them because she was sick. She had missed them because there were some days she felt like just being lazy and not doing anything. It was almost ten in the morning. She had skipped school again even though her mother had told her just the day before that she couldn't miss anymore days. She waited at the red light, contemplating where to go. Just then she realized that her cousin, Sid, worked at the Zephyr shop. When the light turned green she made a left and continued on her path to the surf and skate shop. ","Summary":" Lords of Dogtown Fanfiction Disclaimer: I do not own the movie, the actors, the legendary Z-Boys or"},{"Movie":"Lords of Dogtown","Title":"Gimmie Kitty!","Author":"Vandalia LaRue","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6690118","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It's not like I planned this. It's not like a year ago that I saw myself wanting Jay. I didn't. I never wanted him. I never saw myself wanting him. I was perfectly happy with Stacy. No one else had ever made me feel so special, so wanted and loved. Even today, I know Stacy was my true love. He was perfect. I was just too stupid to see it then. It's not like I can go back and tell myself what I've learned. Experience comes from mistakes, we all make them. But I wish I could have saved him the heartbreak, it would have saved me from mine. But that's ruining too much of the plot for you isn't it? Let's take you back to the first night I let my libido do all the thinking... -xxxxxx; When Stacy and I pulled up outside of my house, the last thing I expected was a fight. I didn't feel it coming on. He hadn't been in a bad mood, neither had I. My Dad was at work until very late tonight, practically in the morning... I knew Tony would most likely be having a party. It wasn't out of the usual. Stacy knew that too. He was part of the group. We were part of the group. But sometimes... Stacy was more reserved than I liked him to be. \"Stacy,\" I said softly and wrapped my arms up around his neck after he opened the car door for me like a true gentleman. I could hear the music from up in the house... the door was opened, letting it be blasted down here to the sidewalk and the street. I could feel my hips start to move instinctively. I just wanted to have fun. I wanted to get 'down and dirty' like my brother did with his girlfriend; whoever that happened to be that night. I wanted to be felt up like Jay feels up his gals' in front of me every now and again, not like I enjoyed watching him do that or anything... did I? \"Kathy... no.\" Stacy said softly and started push me away from him lightly, I pouted. \"Come on, stay for the party. You know Tony and Jay want you to,\" that was truth. I took his arm and tried to drag him towards the house but... he was stronger than me. They were all stronger than me. He easily pulled away and she shook his head, a rather serious look upon his face. \"No.. I've got work tomorrow.. I'll just... I'll call you tomorrow. I promise.\" I couldn't believe he was leaving. I couldn't believe, he knew that I wanted fun... I wanted to take this year of a relationship to the next level... and yet, here he was still treating me like a kid. Sometimes I wondered if I was the kid or if Stacy was. \"Yeah, whatever.\" I said quietly and lent against the tree in the front yard, watching his beat up car disappear into the night. It hurt. My heart stung. My eyes watered. All I wanted was some fun. Was that so hard to ask for? He was my boyfriend after all! When this relationship had started it had been as innocent as ever. I wanted it that way; he wanted it that way. It blossomed so genuinely over time but... these feelings...I was growing up and I wanted more. I needed more. We could be careful... they invented protection for a reason. Even if I was Catholic. I was a teenager, I didn't want a baby... I just wanted a fun night. I heard something drop down beside me, someone is what I realized when I turned my head. Jay had jumped from the front porch, down to the lawn, and off the front yawn which was around four feet above the sidewalk, down to it and walked up beside me. I could smell the alcohol on him... Jay was eighteen; just like my brother Tony, just like Stacy. I was fifteen. I was going to be sixteen soon, though. Stacy kept forgetting that. My birthday was in like, two weeks. I had been pondering on the thought that maybe he wanted to wait to go all the way until that night...but...my hormones were just surging. Electricity I'm telling you! I couldn't wait two more weeks. I just couldn't. But Stacy was the only man for me... isn't he? \"What's got you down chica?\" Jay asked and I couldn't help but laugh. Tony and I were the Mexicans, not Jay. But, somehow, he still managed to pick up the language and talk filthily in it to girls occasionally. I'd overheard. I'd always disliked it...but...I guess people change. \"Stacy's just... he's got work tomorrow.\" I answered Jay's question and he mimicked me, circling around me and the tree, like a buzzard wanting it's dead food already. \"Yeah, he's got work tomorrow,\" he said all in a sad voice... I knew he was doing it taunting and teasingly. Jay hadn't worked for a damn thing in his life... well, that wasn't true. Jay had honestly worked for everything in his own right...Tony and I had a Dad, unlike Jay; we were given everything on silver platters compared to him. But we were the products of a hard working Mexican father... who most certainly didn't let Tony and I let anything go to waste. Talk about strict. \"Stop Jay, he's your friend,\" I nudged him a little and the Z-Boy, as they liked to be called, Z standing for Zephyr; pretended to fall back and did a back flip, then looked up at me from the ground. I couldn't help but think he was rather sexy, looking up at me like that. Any girl would have. Hell, he was Jay Adams. My brother and him, well, they were sex on legs pretty much. Of course I didn't see my brother that way, that was sick; but all of my friends did. It's all SWOON, Tony this... SWOON, Tony that... I got sick of it. But Jay... well... he wasn't my brother and he definitely wasn't boring ol' Stacy. Did I just refer to my boyfriend as, boring ol'? I seriously need to just go inside and go to bed. I need to just leave before my other brain, my hormonal brain, starts doing more thinking than it needs to be allowed. I started to the steps that would lead up to the house but Jay stopped me, taking my arm and starting to dance like a rather crazed buffoon. But it was...fun. Spontaneous and well, that's what I had been wanting from Stacy. So why not? It was my house, it was my brother's party; hell yeah I'm going to have some fucking fun! Sólo se vive una vez! (You only live once!) \"You're so fucking drunk,\" I commented as he twirled me around and stumbled about a bit, Jay laughed. \"Who cares? Soy lo suficientemente sobrio para el rock de su mundo. (I'm sober enough to rock your world.) That's all that matters baby,\" Jay winked at me and I couldn't help but giggle... he didn't have the Spanish accent down whatsoever, but I knew enough of what he said to understand it... I realized he was flirting and well, it never hurt to do it back. It wasn't like I was cheating on Stacy. I was just...flirting. \"Well, Jay, these girls talk so big about you but... I haven't seen much proof,\" I winked and giggled, he acted as if he was hurt and gasped pretend-like, I could hear a growl in his throat as he lent into me, I was back against the tree once more, whispering into my ear, \"Well come inside chica and you'll get all the proof you need,\" it was almost a smooth, perfect purr that came out of his lips. I couldn't help but feel myself get excited in more ways than just one. Just that one little purr and already Jay was starting to make everything I had ever stood for disappear. I was a good daughter, I was a good sister, I was a good Catholic. I had never thought of sex out of wed-lock before... I had always wanted to wait until marriage but that was before I got a sexy boyfriend on a skateboard team...and watched my brother have sex with a different girl every night. No, I didn't watch intentionally. We share a bedroom and well... when Dad's home, I can't just go sleep somewhere else and say \"Tony's having sex with another girl and I don't wanna be in there\", so I lay there and I listen... that's all I can do; Tony knows that and he apologizes a hundred times a day. But Dad doesn't let him stay the night anywhere... it's not like he can go to the woman's house. They've got to come here... Though I do think Tony can cut back on the sex already. Getting laid several times a night throughout the week should be enough for any teenage guy. I took Jay's hand and when I did, I felt as if everything was going to be alright. I felt all my worry disappear. All the worries I had just been thinking of for the last five seconds since he purred, they were all melted away. Something about his touch. Something about feeling it for the first time, it was static. I liked that feeling. It felt different. It felt right. Maybe... Maybe I could do this and not feel guilty. Maybe what Jay and I have could turn into love? It could, couldn't it? I could tame this bad boy? Make him mine? I had to try at least.[Chapter 2] Before I knew it, three months had passed. Jay and I were still going strong, though we hadn't had many opportunities to show off that we had become a couple. We'd gone to a few dog bowl sessions together...minus Stacy since he was at work. But tonight...it was kind of an unveiling to the public. It was the Zephyr party. Everyone was going to be there. A few of the girls and I had been busy all afternoon baking a cake with the boys picture on it, since they'd made it into Skateboarder Magazine. The cover and a six page article. They were finally getting the fame they deserved. I just didn't know it was going to be that much of a...well...surprise to Stacy. I didn't know that a near fight would ensue and well, I really didn't know Jay would end up cheating on me that night with Chino's old lady and I for sure didn't expect him to get his ass kicked. It started out like any other night would have, any other awesome night. -xxxxxx; Jay's hand was tightly in mine as we walked over to the food and drink table. Skip hadn't skipped out on the booze and party food. I poured myself a glass of spiked punch...it wouldn't be a Zephyr party without the booze now would it? Jay's arms were around me now...I just didn't realize in time that Stacy was standing right beside of us. \"Kathy?\" Stacy asked, of course you could hear the anger in his voice, yet the nervousness there as well. It was known to everyone we'd broken up but Stacy just hadn't found out about Jay and I yet. I didn't want him to find out this way. I had more couth than this. \"I never want you to wear underwear around me again,\" Jay growled into my ear, licking my ear lobe. I guess he didn't hear Stacy's voice...Jay was nearly drunk off of his ass already. A long day of skating and drinking will do that to a guy. \"S-Stacy,\" my voice shook a little bit. I didn't want him to find out this way...especially with Jay all over me like this. \"Hey bro,\" Jay said rather, oblivious to the fact that Stacy was mad at him. I wanted to pull away and run, hide like a scared little girl. I still had feelings for Stacy, that was clear to probably everyone but Jay at that moment. Hell even Stacy could probably tell I wanted to jump into his arms and tell him I was sorry over and over again, but I couldn't. Not after letting Jay have my virginity like I did. Stacy would just think of me as a fool. Maybe I was a fool. \"When were you going to tell me you were with her?\" Stacy asked Jay, acting as if I wasn't still standing right there. Maybe that was for the best. Jay chuckled, I noticed a smirk come over his lips. \"You couldn't handle her.\" \"Oh, well, yeah, and you can?\" Stacy asked in a fiery rebuttal. \"She apparently thinks so,\" Jay lightly nudged me towards Stacy, his arm still around my waist though. Stacy looked into my dark brown eyes, his so light and blue...they were so beautiful and perfect. \"I only wanted to be with you.\" He said quietly and I felt my heart break into a billion little pieces... I know he only wanted me, for me...but I had let my hormones take over me three months ago...and the booze wasn't helping my judgement tonight. I turned right around into Jay's arms and let him hold me. Of course he wasn't at all tore up about it like I was. Jay didn't view it as he was losing his 'bro'...Jay was too obliterated to know that right now. \"I'm going to go, talk to the girls for a bit, I'll be back,\" I kissed his cheek gently and took off for the other room. I noticed Thunder Monkey wasn't there...guess she was still with Sid. After all, I had introduced them earlier. Maybe Sid was finally getting laid...Jay went on about that all the time that he needed to man up and lose it already. \"You mean, you, left Stacy for Jay?\" My best girl-friend asked me and I sighed, nodding. It was a catastrophe how I did Stacy so wrong but... \"Jay just makes me feel so alive... Before he came into my life, I was so boring and dull and now I've never felt more alive. He makes me feel like we'll forever be young, he doesn't make me regret anything. I even...gave it up to him.\" I said quietly and my girl friends shouted with kind of glee yet anger that I wouldn't give it to a sweet boy like Stacy yet gave it away to Jay. \"I love him!\" I admitted honestly, I did love Jay. He'd told me, that every time he saw me with Stacy it had made him sick a little inside and he didn't know why...well I knew why; it's because he wanted me and didn't know it himself. \"Jay's a good guy you guys... when he's not high and drunk he... he's sweet.. He thinks I'm pretty without me getting all dressed up for him like I did with Stacy. He always laughs at these pathetic jokes I try to tell, even when I tell them wrong. He understands the shit I'm going through with my Dad, more so than Stacy did. Stacy's got this perfect home life...Tony and I, Jay, what do we have? Jack shit.\" I couldn't believe I was unleashing on my friends like this, but I think they knew...it needed off of my chest, badly. \"Jay's my teenage dream, girls... A lot of women want him and well... I've fuckin' got him. I don't want anyone else anymore. I'm not ever looking back.\" I said and wiped the tears from my cheeks, of course my girls were supportive. Thunder Monkey probably would have been too if I didn't hear her moans and Sid's from the back room...so we moved our conversation elsewhere, out by the Tiki; where a lot of our friends were getting high off their asses. I caught Jay's eyes from across the party, it made my heart flutter. I bit on my bottom lip, giving him a soft smile and a gentle wave. I couldn't believe he was all mine.. I'd seen girls try to get his attention, yeah, he'd flirted a little but...as far as I know, he hadn't been fucking every pussy that walked back since he got with me. Though I knew my brother had been dipping his dick in everything that moved. That was T.A. though. The party was going great, other than the confrontation between myself and Stacy. I was glad for my boys. My brother, my ex, and my current. I was proud for Sid, Shogo, Peggy, Biniak, the whole gang. Maybe they would finally get out of this place called Dogtown and make a name for themselves. I knew Stacy would...he was going to be on Charlie's Angels supposedly...and well, my brother had his head firmly up Topper Burks ass it looked like. Naturally when I noticed that, I heard two things break out. I heard Skip start pitching a bitch and I heard Chino hollering...hollering Jay's name. Naturally I took off toward Chino and his yelling at Jay; I saw Jay getting his ass beat. I saw Chino's old lady, I forget her name, standing there cowering... I didn't know why, I didn't know what role she played in this. I wouldn't until later. But I saw Jay, he inched for a skateboard and finally grabbed it, whacking it over Chino's head after swiftly turning around. The minute Chino was down, Jay took off running and I guess it was my...relationship instincts but I took off after him. When I caught up to him about three blocks away from the Zephyr shop, he was coughing up blood from how hard Chino had punched him in the gut. \"Jay... what was that about?\" I asked him, I knew something like that had probably sobered him up more than he'd been in the last three months combined. I lifted his shirt as he lent against a brick building, Chino had kicked him hard...I knelled down and kissed his stomach gently, earning a coo from my big bad skater boy. \"He thought I was trying to get his old lady to cheat on him. Fuck she came onto me. When he came out, I told him, I was waiting for my girl. I was, I was waiting for you! I didn't wanna walk over there while you were with your girls and fuckin' beg for your attention. I'm not that kinda douchebag. If you want time with your girls, you can have all of it you want. You don't fuckin' make me stop hanging with the guys. You don't deserve that shit.\" \"Shh Jay, I know. Just, shh.\" I said softly... I didn't believe he would try and cheat on me. He hadn't yet, why would he tonight of all nights? I stood back up from kissing his stomach and pushed his blonde hair out of his face, I cupped his cheek. \"Look, your Mom's still at work for another few hours. Let's just go back to your place, I'll fix you an ice pack for your head and stomach and, we'll just cuddle okay? We don't have to always be partying Jay. There was a day before all this.\" I reminded him and he nodded, taking my arm. Most would find that to be rather, harsh of him, but I knew... it was his way of showing love and showing me I was right. He took my arm and squeezed it lightly and pulled me with him, kind of using me as support to walk back to his place. I felt bad. I felt like I had been the instigator of all this. Then again, Jay would have went to the party whether I wanted to or not...but I had been so dead set on giving him the cake I'd spent all afternoon baking... and he barely had a glimpse of it before Red Dog grabbed a big piece of it with his hand and ate it... Glad he at least saw it...and smiled at it. Jay's smile was unlike anything else on this earth. It reminds me of something my Mother said before she passed away... No regrets, just love.[Chapter 3] Before I knew it, the days were getting shorter and it signified winter was coming. Then again, did Southern California ever really have a winter? I don't think I've ever felt a Californian temperature below sixty degrees. The skateboarding season however was pretty much over. T.A. was back home and with the money he'd received from Topper Burks, he bought us a new house. My Dad had honestly never been so proud of T.A. I hadn't been either. Stacy was back home, working his restaurant job until the season picked up again. Not to mention training every second he could, so I'd heard from Sid. Jay was still his same old self. It wasn't cold here in SoCal and we were still in a drought so Jay and I almost every afternoon found empty pools to skate in people's backyard. I'd gotten pretty good at skating, which had always been a dream of mine to learn. Six months ago, I'd have told you it would have been Stacy teaching me how...but I'm glad it was Jay. It was quiet though. It was almost like the old days. It was calming and soothing. Jay and I spend nearly every day together. It's like we're a puzzle, each other's missing piece. Without the other one, we're not complete. I don't know if that's how he would describe what we have...but I know it's how I would describe it. When May came around, skateboarding came back around. Jay used the term of, \"I feel like I've been in for a long winters sleep\", when he got back on the board at a contest in Colorado. The next contest we ended up going to was in Arizona and by this time, Jay and I were able to stay in a motel together. Trust me when I say, it was full of shenanigans. I don't think there's a single soul who could make me feel more confident about my body than Jay. I shook my body to some music, feeling his eyes all over me from the bed where he sat. I started to strip off, knowing that I'd most certainly be dripping wet. Well, knowing my naughty little Z-Boy, that was lapped up without a moments notice. Before the night was over, we'd built a fort out of the sheets and made love all night long. I don't think I'd ever been so exhausted afterward.. Considering this time... I could truly scream my lungs out. That took a lot out of a girl. But things didn't stay so amazing. Even though Jay and I had had an amazing night together... the next day's contest was horrible. Jay ended up getting a good score but quitting and walking out... something I never thought I'd ever see. I also ended up meeting Stacy's new girlfriend Caroline, something else I never thought I'd see. I guess I always thought Stacy would just be on the back burner, waiting for me, if anything ever went wrong with Jay. When we got back to Venice, we found Sid was very sick in the hospital. I was devastated, so was Jay. Everyone was. What hurt the most was, I had to call T.A. and tell him and he was in the hospital as well, down in Arizona still. My brother Tony had gotten into a fight with a Val, and the Val socked him good. Things were starting to fall apart. My walls were starting to come down for the first time in years it felt like. Jay consoled me the only way he knew how... Introducing me to drugs and alcohol. I guess this was it, what I was waiting on to happen all along. My world to start falling apart. Jay and I went to see Sid every single day. I remember one of the days, he made me feel real good. For the first time in a long while. I had went out of the room for a bit and came back in, to just him and Jay, and well... Sid noticed a brighten in Jay's personality when I came back. So when Jay left, I was about to follow him out, Sid whispered to me, \"You really get his heart racing.\" It kind of took me by surprise. Over the last month or so since everything started going to hell in a hand-basket, I thought Jay and I had been growing apart. But maybe, we'd been growing closer this entire time. I just hope that everything can go back to normal. When Tony's eye heals, I want him to go back out on the road. Stacy wants to start his own company but all I want is to see him out there shredding a dogbowl like no one else ever has before. Jay, he's quit skating but... all I want him to do is get back out there and swoon all the ladies again...including me. Sid, I hope he recovers. I know brain cancer is something that hardly anyone in this day and age gets over but, Sid is strong. He has all of us beside him, cheering for him to get better. Hell, he and Thunder Monkey were still going strong. I hope Sid got his Teenage Dream the way that I did. I know I broke Stacy's heart in the process; I know Jay and I have had our ups and downs, moments where we hated one another. But Jay made the rest of my teen years so perfect. As we left the hospital that afternoon from visiting Sid, I was hand-in-hand with Jay, squeezing his a little tighter, making him stop and look back at me. His eyes were the same Jay-eyes he'd always had... His hair was all gone though. He looked older. I think quitting boarding aged Jay a year every day. \"Are we going to be together forever?\" I asked Jay, he laughed a little. I had to ask him then, he wasn't drunk, he wasn't high. Neither one of us were, even though I know for a fact we were fiending for a hit. I was almost a little afraid of what his answer was going to be. \"Is there any other woman that would take a chance on me the way you have?\" Jay asked and I bit down a little on my lower lip. \"There's a billion girls who want you Jay,\" I admitted and he nodded, wrapping his arms around my waist and grinning, \"But they wouldn't stick with me the way you have. We're going to be together forever and a day chica, you'd better believe that shit.\" Picking me up into his rather strong arms, my arms wrapped around his neck. Sometimes I just feel... Let's run away and don't ever look back, don't ever look back. ","Summary":" It's not like I planned this. It's not like a year ago that I saw myself wanting Jay. I didn't. I n"},{"Movie":"Lords of Dogtown","Title":"Foster Girl: The Final Cut","Author":"ralynsevenfoldd","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12601734","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Authors note: So I realize that Lords of Dogtown is dated, and I'm sure no one will stumble upon this but that's okay. This is my fan fiction baby, and it's been rewritten 3 times since maybe 2007, I'm hoping to add some finality to it. Being that it's been so long, I no longer have access to my original fanfiction account so I had to make a new one. If you would like to read the original Foster Girl, it's under my old pen name of Wasting Words. My writing skills have obviously grown since then, and although I'm trying to keep the characters and plot somewhat similar there have been some edits from the 2012 version. Name pronunciation, if anyone DOES read this, is Sabree. Yeah. I don't own LoD except my OC's. Here we go. \"Sabree, are you ready?\" She glanced at the door, ignoring the soft voice of the social worker and returned her attention to the mirror in front of her. She ran a hand through her lavender locks and bunched them up at the top of her head, making it look like some exotic animal took residence in her hair. Her eyes met her reflection, one amber eye, the other an ocean blue, a genetic defect she was born with, as she prepared her make up for the day. Because of this defect, her peers at the foster home often referred to her as a mutant, a nickname she was more than happy to carry. A quick swipe of eyeliner tapering off into a cat eye and red lipstick that well complimented her porcelain skin, she was ready to face the day. \"Sabree?\" \"Give me a minute.\" Her third foster home in two months, eleventh foster home in two years, it seemed as time went on the less she seemed to fit in. It was a life style she'd become quite accustom to, living out of a suitcase. Would this home be any different? She shook the thought out of her head. Who cares? She was more than content with her gypsy life. The door clicked open behind her and she turned her body to face the overwhelmingly nice Paula. \"Fuck, Paula, I said give me a minute. For Christ's sake.\" The social worker shrugged off her remark and pulled her into a warm hug. \"Jesus, Paula, control yourself,\" Paula persevered, awash in the delusion that after all these years Sabree Thomas had finally found her forever home. With a final squeeze, she broke the hug but kept her hand on either side of the girls face. The loving and hopeful gaze she held quickly vanished and the crows feet around her eyes tightened upon seeing the hoop going through the teens left nostril. \"Why would you go and stick a dirty needle through your nose like that? You're face is pr—\" \"Because that's how piercings work, Paula. I like it, and it's staying.\" She chuckled and handed a bag of clothes to Sabree. \"I picked you up some new clothes, I don't personally agree with what I picked out but it's definitely your style. I figured new home, new clothes right?\" Sabree rolled her eyes and began sifting through the bag. A black, lace, belly baring top, a red flannel shirt, and destroyed denim shirts. \"Damn, Paula. I'm surprised…dare I say I even like these clothes?\" Paula gave a modest shrug. \"You know, you can pretend to be cynical all you want but I know that you hope this new family works out as much as I do. I'm going to miss you so much, you're one of my favorites here but I really feel like this is 'the one'. Now get dressed, we're running late.\" …. Venice was hot and miserable on this particular day, the sweat causing Sabree's thighs to stick to the leather interior of the car like scotch tape despite the air conditioning running full blast. Cher was coming through the speakers softly, and Paula was continuing on about how happy she was. Small talk was never something Sabree excelled at but she entertained the conversation with occasional 'mhm's' and 'yep's.' Her mind was somewhere else, as much as she knew this home would toss her out within a months' time, there was a small sliver of hope that Paula was right and this was indeed 'the one.' She pressed her forehead against the cool glass of the window, taking in the passing houses. They all looked eerily alike, from the white picket fence down to every minute detail such as the same flowers in the flower beds and creepy garden gnomes; a page straight from Better Home and Garden magazine. They were large, white, and perfect—she'd never been taken in by a wealthy family before. \"Welcome home, girl. I met with this family a few months back and they are absolutely fabulous. The mother and father travel a lot for work but they have a son right around your age. You're being left in very good hands.\" Sabree shifted her bag in her lap as she surveyed the house. Paula was already at the door and motioned for her to come up. \"Paula, it's so nice to see you again! I can't tell you how long we've been waiting for this moment!\" She clasped her hands over her heart as she turned to Sabree. She was beautiful, trying to fight the age of 38 and doing it oh so well. Her emerald eyes sparkled with delight and no look of judgement passed her face upon seeing the 16 year old. \"Thank you so, so much for this wonderful gift.\" She was choking back happy years as she encompassed Sabree in a hug. A proud and handsome male stood next to her, with a strong jawline and dark hair decorated with a proud silver streak on the side, and patted Sabree on the back. Not the touchy feely type, thank God. \"Oh, no. Don't, stop, please do- okay, well this is happening I guess.\" Sabree muttered. The woman's hug deepened despite her protest. She peeked over her shoulder into the front room that was festooned with a so cliché but hand crafted 'welcome home' banner, the living room table covered with a spread of snacks. A small canvas with flourish cursive that read, 'for this child, we have prayed,' was a center piece of it all. \"We are so thrilled to have you here, Sabree. I'm Teresa, this is my husband Clark, and my son, Tyler. Welcome to the family, dear. I can already tell you're going to fit in just fine. I'm going to go get the main dinner started, I'll leave you and Paula to say your goodbyes. Clark? Tyler? Would you mind giving them a moment?\" Sabree's eyes landed on Tyler and he was a carbon copy of his good looking father, the only notable difference was he had his mother's eyes. When she turned to look at Paula, her eyes were already swelling with tears. She took cupped Sabree's face in her small hands, grazing her thumb over her cheek. \"It's been a crazy ride, Sabe. I know how much you've been through but I am so honored to have seen your transformation through it all. You're tough, girl, but I know in my heart of hearts that this will be that last place I leave you.\" She pressed her lips to Sabree's forehead, the tears coming full force now. She used the heel of palm to brush away the salty liquid dripping down her cheeks then pulled Sabree in for a final hug. \"I know you hate being touched but I'm going to miss you so much. I mean that.\" Sabree brought her arms around Paula's waist, tearing up herself but she forced them away. She had never been a crier. \"Iloveyou.\" \"Wait, you what me? I didn't quite catch that.\" Oh, she had heard. But she wanted Sabree to say it, just for the sake of teasing her one last time. \"Damnit, Paula,\" She cleared her throat, \"I said, I love you. Thanks for everything, or whatever.\" …. With Paula gone, there was nothing left to save her from what was sure to be a very awkward introduction dinner. They said grace. Grace, for hell's sake. Sabree used her fork to move her food around, not really having an appetite but not wanting to seem unappreciative of the cooking Teresa had done. \"So, Sabree, tell me a little about yourself. I mean, I know your family history but I want to know about you. What are your dreams, goals, or aspirations for the future?\" Sabree slouched in her chair, giving a shrug. \"Maybe a hot dog eating champion or a serial killer. Haven't decided yet.\" She looked at Teresa to see her reaction. \"Oh, my. I'll get used to your sense of humor in time, I suppose. You've probably had a long day, if you'd like to clear your plate and head to your room for the night that's fine by me. We have plenty of time to get to know each other later.\" She winked, cutting her steak into small pieces. …. Her room was amazing, at least three times the size of her room at the foster home. There was a walk in closet, a queen sized bed covered in floral bedding, resembling something that a grandmother would have made. A large window was on the wall opposite her bed, perfectly accessing the slanted roof where she immediately decided that would be where she would spend most of her time. She tucked her skateboard away in an empty corner next to her bed then threw open her suitcase, digging around her clothes for a baggie that held three tightly rolled joints. She held the joint between her red lips, opening the window to perch on her perfect hide away. All of Venice was in front of her, lit only by moonlight. The moon was so close, she could reach out and touch it if she wanted to. She lit the joint and inhaled, letting the marijuana take its full effect before exhaling the smoke. She'd been all around California but not one place she'd visited could compare to the view in front of her. She wondered about Tyler and why he didn't fit in with his clean cut parents. He looked similar to the boys she'd met in foster care, grungy and beach bummy. Had he always been that way? Was he simply rebelling, tired of the quiet and boring life his parents had laid out for him? As if he had read her mind, his voice broke through her thoughts. \"So that was a super awesome dinner conversation,\" he started, taking a seat next to her. \"Mom likes to pry, she thinks she's being friendly but she doesn't realize not everyone is an open book.\" Sabree's only reply was passing the joint to him. He declined with a wave of his hand before continuing. \"What's your story, foster girl?\"[Chapter 2] Sleep had come surprisingly easy that night. So much so that she didn't even remember falling asleep. Her new bed was cozy and warm, a much needed upgrade from the glorified cots she had in the foster home. The morning was still, Venice was not yet in it's usual buzz. She threw her arms out to the side to stretch as she sat up from bed and looked around the room. A run by the beach. That's what she needed. Ever restless, she pulled a pair of shorts from her suitcase along with a black sweater that was one wash away from disintegration. Over the years, it had become a security blanket of sorts and one of the few things that she kept bouncing from home to home. She grabbed a well read copy of The Hobbit and stuffed it in her pocket before heading downstairs. She couldn't help but turn into the main living room, deciding to sneak a peek at her new living quarters. There were family pictures everywhere. Family pictures where Teresa, Clark and Tyler wore coordinating outfits. They looked like a stock photo that came in picture frames. She could count the photos of her own family on one hand. A dad, mom and sister. Her fingers tips grazed the glass as she looked at every one too shy to pick them up. It was 4:30 am. She gave herself a time limit of two hours, figuring even in this perfect family they would sleep until at least 7. ... The beach was gentle beneath her pounding feet, sand exploding under every step. The soft sound of waves lapping and gentle bird songs her only soundtrack, the salt water air a surprising treat to her lungs. Peace. Something she hadn't felt in a while. Sabree had never been a runner but if mornings could calm her soul this much, she would consider taking it up. She ran until she hit town, only one neon sign glowing. A cup of coffee sounded nice. A bell chimed as she entered, the restaurant otherwise empty except a few folks also getting their caffeine fix before heading off to work. She sat herself in a table for two in an isolated corner. She pulled out her book and began to read. She was only two pages in before a tall blonde male, with hair nearly as long as hers, approached the table. \"I love that book. They made us read it in class last year but I loved it so much, I've read it three more times,\" he said, a smile tugging at the corner of his lips. \"What can I get for you this morning?\" She looked up in mild annoyance, eyes landing on a name tag that read 'Stacy' etched in cheap plastic. \"Yeah, it's pretty good. Water and a cup of coffee to go.\" Small talk was never her forte but she guessed Stacy was very popular with his customers. He had a soft voice and kind eyes. He returned quickly with an empty glass and a pitcher of water. He placed the glass in front of her and filled it, \"Your coffee will be out in a minute, I just put on a fresh pot. What brings you out so early in the morning?\" She hated overly chatty people. \"Just needed to get out of the house.\" \"Family drama?\" She could hear him as he walked to the kitchen to grab her coffee. \"Something like that.\" she muttered, watching his hand as he sat the coffee on the table. She grabbed a handful of sugar packets, ripped them open and took a sip of her water. \"Is it even still coffee if 75% of it is creamer?\" He commented, leaning his palms into the tin edging of the table. The comment caught her off guard but warranted a small chuckle from her anyway. She didn't notice that he never left. Water dribbled from the corner of her mouth and down her chin. Classy. \"Probably not but who drinks hot bean water plain?\" She pulled $5 out of her book, left it on the table, and pushed past Stacy. ... She had only been gone an hour and she was in the clear. Her hand wrapped around the door knob and she placed her spare palm against the door, closing it quietly. Clark came around the corner, coffee mug placed between his lips. He raised an eyebrow at Sabree. Busted. \"Coffee run?\" \"I couldn't sleep.\" Clark nodded, sipping from his coffee. \"I get it. New house, new family. That can't be an easy adjustment. Just don't make it a habit, yeah?\" Sabree rolled her eyes. \"Right...sorry.\" ... It was 9:30 when Teresa got her up for the day. Her suspicions that they were an 'eat breakfast every morning together' type of family were correct and there was a large spread on the table. Sausage, pancakes, bacon, fresh fruits, eggs. Teresa eye'd her as she made herself a plate, almost speechless at the amount of skin her outfit was revealing. It was the outfit Paula picked out. The only thing keeping her from being damn near naked was the plaid shirt that hung loosely off her body. \"Tyler, why don't you show Sabree around town today? Don't keep her too long, though, I'd like to take her out for a little mother/daughter day,\" Her hand clapped over her heart, \"I've been waiting so long to say that.\" She smiled, patting her chest. \"We're going to have so much fun! We can get mani/pedis, get some new clothes. Oh, there's an amazing Italian restaurant that just opened up we could eat at!\" ... \"Are you ever going to answer my question?\" Tyler pressed the entire ride to their destination. \"You seriously don't know? Your parents have been blabbing to Paula for months about me staying. Where the hell are we going?\" Sabree asked, propelling herself forward on her skateboard trying to keep up with Tyler's long strides. Damn her short legs. \"Don't do that shit, man. Don't compare me to parents cause I'm nothing like them, and no they don't tell me anything. I knew you were coming, knew you were in a foster home, that's it.\" They arrived in a neighborhood not too far from Tyler's house. Tyler pushed open the wooden gate with his foot, revealing an empty pool. \"Tyler, where you been man? We've been here for like two hours bro!\" Tony laughed from the deep end of the pool as the pair jumped in. His eyes caught on Sabree and he licked his lips in a charming way. \"Damn, Tyler! Whose the chick and why have you been hiding her from us?\" Sabree dismissed him with a cold look. \"Fuck off, Alva. This is the kid my parents are fostering,\" he motioned for Sabree to come forward. \"This is Sabree. Sabree, these are my asshole friends.\" Asshole one, Tony, apparently, reached his hand out to capture hers. There wasn't a girl in Dogtown that could resist his charm. Blanca who? \"There's a party at my place tonight, stop by.\" He said, eyes lingering on her exposed torso. Asshole two was a blonde with a wirey frame. She knew this as he wasn't wearing a shirt. He didn't offer an introduction. Next to him was a brunette boy, younger than the rest she assumed. \"Sid, I'm actually a few houses down from you and Ty, and this is Jay.\" He patted Jay on the shoulder. The last asshole, she recognized. The blonde waiter from the restaurant. He recognized her, too. \"Hobbit girl, nice to see you again. I'm Stacy, pleasure to meet you Sabree.\" \"Wait,\" Tyler began, holding his palms between the two of them. \"How do you guys know each other?\" \"She came into my work this morning, grabbed a cup of coffee.\" Tyler looked at Sabree. \"I couldn't sleep. Your dad caught me, already got the lecture.\" She cut Tyler off before he could even speak. \"Foster girl, huh?\" Jay sneered, \"What's so terrible that's happened to you, that hasn't happened to any of us?\" He challenged. Sabree rolled her eyes with a dismissive chuckle. At least she didn't have to waste her time weeding out the true asshole in the group. \"My loving sperm donor used me as a human punching bag. He tried selling me for heroine once...turns out drug dealers have a moral conscience though. Who fucking knew?\" She pulled a cigarette from the pocket of Jay's shirt and lit it after patting herself down for a lighter. An act of pettiness to show she wasn't phased. \"We all got shitty parents. We deal.\" \"Really, Jay? Couldn't miss a chance to be a dick, could you?\" Tyler scoffed, shoving Jay's shoulder. \"Yeah, man,\" Tony jumped in, getting in Jay's face. He pushed his chest into his. \"What, you gonna come at me next cause my old man throws hands at me too?\" He wrestled Jay into a head lock. The fight escalated, fists and long hair flying everywhere, Ty and Stacy in the middle trying to break it up. Sabree tried to back away as the tangle of boys grew closer, when her back hit the textured walls of the pool she knew she had nowhere to go. Call it PTSD, if you will, but fear clenched her chest as memories of her dad's fist colliding into her body pushed their way to the front of her mind. She did the only thing she knew to do and threw her own fists up in defense, ready to swing. Her movements caught the boys attention, putting the violence on pause. Stacy was the first to break away. He had his hands held in front of him, palms facing her, as he approached. \"Hey,\" he spoke in a hushed voice, \"Hey, hey, it's cool. Everything's cool. No one's coming after you, okay?\" His eyes were soft as he reached his hand out. \"You idiots can't be doing shit like that around her. The hell is wrong with you two?\" Tyler yelled, placing his hand on the small of Sabree's back. She wanted to crumble underneath his touch. Not because her 'new brother' was at her rescue but because she knew how weak she looked at that moment. Not the first impression she wanted to make. She shrugged herself out of Tyler's grasp and charged out of the pool and away from the situation.[Chapter 3] Shopping. Mother/daughter bonding time. Her life was turning into a bad after school special. Stay off drugs kids! At least Tyler was able to put it off by two months, convincing Teresa she needed time to settle. 'Don't come on to strong, mom. She needs time to adjust.' He had said. The first brotherly act completed. The day had gone exactly as Teresa described; lunch at an upscale Italian restaurant, mani/pedis and now trip to stores with clothes that cost rent back at her fathers apartment. At the nail spa, Teresa had insisted to get matching nails to kick off their relationship. Teresa had opted for a design that resembled the marble counter tops she had custom made for her home, with little jewel accents on the ring finger. She was so thrilled that she almost cried. She couldn't stop going on about how strong their bond was going to be, how much she's wanted a daughter and ultimately leading to the story about how Tyler would be the one and only child she would ever conceive. \"Isn't this so much fun? After this, I was thinking we could get our hair done. You know what they say, when a woman changes her hair she's about her to change her life!\" Teresa smiled, passing some clothes over the dressing room door to Sabree. Appropriate clothes for a girl her age. Sabree sighed, holding up a pair of pink lace, high waisted cloth bell bottoms and a white off the shoulder peasant top to match. \"I like my life and I like my clothes, Teresa.\" She said, pulling on the pink pants. She flung the door open and gave a half hearted twirl for Teresa. \"I know. I know you are set in your ways but change isn't always a bad thing. And besides, this outfit looks so nice on you. It shows a little bit of tummy but not reveling. You can be proud of your body without showing it to the whole world.\" She smiles, tucking a loose strand of lavender hair behind Sabree's ear. \"Try this on next, this blue is going to look absolutely beautiful with your complexion.\" Teresa grabbed a dress from the rack next to her, it was thin strapped and navy blue with large white flowers on it. It hit right at the knee when she held it against Sabree. \"Perfect for family dinners if we throw a cardigan over it.\" ... As promised, the last stop was a trip to the salon. Teresa and the stylist kept grasping at strands of her hair, twisting and tugging while the discussed what combination of colors would better replace the lavender. \"I'm thinking blonde, Cherise. Not too blonde, of course, nothing that will badly damage this gorgeous hair of hers.\" The stylist now known as Cherise chewed on her lip, \"The purple should lift easy enough but I'm thinking a dark brown at the roots fading into an ashy blonde would really warm up her skin, wouldn't you say?\" Sabree rolled her eyes. Didn't she get a say in what her hair looked like? \"I absolutely adore that idea! Honey, what do you think?\" Finally. \"Whatever.\" Blonde was too reminiscent of her bastard sperm donor but whatever it took to get her out of there. The whole four hours she had been there, her back had been turned to the mirror for an 'element of surprise' factor. \"Ta-da!\" Cherise said as she spun the chair around, proudly showing off her masterpiece, \"Dark hair really suits you, dear, maybe next time we can do brown all over.\" Sabree studied herself in the mirror. The length was kept, hair still spilling past her shoulders to the top of her rib cage, Cherise had added some wispy banging that now concealed her forehead. She hardly recognized herself as she combed her fingers through it. She hadn't had a decent hair cut in years. In order to save money, former hair dresser Paula did hair cuts in the foster home. And despite her disdain for Teresa being right, she did feel one step closer to a new life. Until her and Clark ultimately found a reason to bounce her back to the foster home, that is. She did like it though. She smiled, \"I like it. I look like Paula but I like it.\" ... Music bumped through the night, cocooning every house on the block. There was an overload of people spilling from Tony's house, some Stacy knew, some he didn't. They lined the porch, occupied the lawn and every space in between. His keys jingled as he slid them from the ignition and into his pocket. He took a deep breath and glanced at the house from the passenger window. All this time and he still wasn't sure why he came to these parties. He didn't drink, he didn't do drugs. To play designated driver for his friends? Ah, yes. Stacy Peralta had found his role in the world. Tyler waved at him from the porch, signaling him to come inside. He opened the car door and approached Tyler. Tyler didn't drink, either, but he sure seemed to fit in the party scene better than Stacy did. \"You made it out, man.\" Tyler said, slapping his palms against Stacy's. He shrugged, \"Always do. Not sure why but here I am.\" He looked around, expecting to see Sabree. The party scene had her name written all over it but based on their first, cold encounters he couldn't imagine she would immerse herself in a crowd of new people. \"Sabree bail?\" \"I dunno. She's been with my mom all day but I figured she'd break away to come here. I was about to go look for her before she does something stupid and gets herself sent back to foster care.\" Stacy's blue eyes took on protective look. Something about a girl unattended, surrounded by drunk men waiting to take advantage made him uneasy. Even when he was dating Kathy and forced to come, he stood by her side and kept eyes on her like a hawk. \"Let's go then.\" They weaved their way through the crowd, body heat from person to person warming their own skin. Not a purple head to be found. The main center of attraction was a long table, red cups full of beer arranged in triangles at either side. Beer pong. Tony was at the head of the table, one arm raised to sink a tiny ping pong ball into a cup, the other draped over a girl. He held her tight, her head was nestled in his shoulder, his free hand intertwined with hers. They both cried out in celebration as the ball landed in the opposite teams cup and the girl held a bottle of whiskey above her head. Signature red lips gave every indication it was Sabree as she pulled away to gulp down a shots worth of booze, chasing it with the solo cup of beer. Her eyes lit up when she saw the pair. Her hair wasn't the only thing that changed. \"You guys are here! Tony, look, friends!\" Yesterday she was repulsed by breathing the same air as him. Tyler eyed her latest hair color, \"Mom got her claws into you, huh?\" The roots of her hair were dark and the length faded into an ashy blonde color with silver undertones. He was embarrassed he could identify the color so specifically. Her make up matched her hair, neutral eyeshadows smoked out that flattered her different eye colors. \"Don't even get me started dude. But you know what? I don't hate it. Teresa's got good taste.\" She laughed, eyes fixating on Stacy, who was nodding in acknowledgment. \"Looks good. Hey, uh, how much have you had to drink? You know if you come home wasted you could get sent back to the home right?\" \" Christ ,\" she snorted. \"I can handle my fucking booze okay? It's a party, man. I thrive in this shit.\" ... Stacy could feel his gaze focus on Kathy and Jay, swaying together to the music. The incident was months ago but the sting of Jay stealing Kathy was still a fresh wound and looking at them was like dousing it in lemon juice. He turned away, leaning his shoulder into the wall. He should just leave, he thought. Nothing good ever happens at Tony Alva's house. At least for him. \"You can't let them get to you like that.\" His head turned in the direction of the voice. Sabree, the last person he expected to see. She had two cups in her hand as she walked up to him, extending one out to him. \"I brought you something to drink. It's just water, literally the only thing in this house that doesn't have alcohol.\" Stacy took the cup, swirling it around. \"Tyler told you.\" He really wanted to ask how she was still standing after all the booze he'd seen her consume tonight. \"Didn't have to,\" she said, glancing over her shoulder at the two. \"I'm pretty good at reading people. A slut for a slut, am I right?\" Her statement caught him off guard, he stared at her wide eyed, partially offended but he kind of wanted to laugh the comment at the same time. \"Yeah, well, water under the bridge...or whatever.\" Stacy said, taking a drink of his water. Stacy had never been a fan of alcohol but he was absolutely captivated by girl it turned Sabree into. Her eyes illuminated with her laughter, she was talkative, willing to open up to people. Her personality was genuinely likeable. He couldn't even begin to fathom the hell she'd been through to make her sober self so cold. Sabree mimicked his movement, leaning into the wall herself. She folded her arm across her chest and let the other one rest on top, using her elbow as a cup holder. \"Why do you even come to these parties? The booze, the boys...it's just not you, man.\" He was used to hearing these comments. He had this conversation down to a science, \"We're family.\" And he meant it, every single time. A smile caught her lips as she lingered on his words. Family. The silence that filled the space between them was warm and inviting, the sound of the two sharing a genuine moment together. If he could bottle this moment, he would. He would and he would give it to her to keep with her forever. A moment of belonging. He imagined those moments were few and far in between for her. \"Sabree, c'mon! We're 'bout to blaze up.\" Tony's voice crashed through the silence, he put his hands on her shoulders, giving her a push forward. It's like Stacy wasn't even there. As Tony pushed her away, her eyes locked onto Stacy's. Something inside, something she couldn't place her finger on, compelled her to yell over the music. \"I won't smoke too much. Promise.\" ... Two hours later the door to Tony's bedroom swing open, smoke billowing in front of the large crowd. Everyone, except two people. \"Didn't Sabree go in there? I need to get her home, man.\" Tyler asked and began to walk to the room with Stacy. \"Sabe, let's go.\" Tony was pressed in between Sabree's legs, trailing kisses down her neck, her legs wrapped around his waist. They were both fully clothed, thank god, but Tyler had a feeling the situation would be a lot different had he barged in five minutes later. \"Jesus Christ,\" Tyler growled, tearing Tony away. \"What the fuck, Alva? Out of all the girls here, all the fucking girls, it had to be her? I told you to stay away from her! Fuck, shit.\" He needed to walk away. His hands clasped behind his neck as he turned to Stacy, too enraged to hear Sabree's drunk hollering or see the hurt sprawled across Stacy's face. \"It was only a kiss Tyler, the hell is your problem?\" She slurred, pointing an accusing finger. Need a little salt in that wound? \"I can't take her home like this. If my parents see her like this, she's going back to the foster home for sure.\" He gestured to Sabree, whose anger was short lived. She was sitting on the floor, laughing at nothing, happy as a freaking clam. \"She can stay at my place. My parents are out of town, she can sleep in my room. Just tell your mom and dad she's at Peggy's for the night.\" Stacy exhaled, lowering himself to the ground to pick up Sabree. He grabbed one elbow, Tyler grabbed the other and they walked her out to his car. Tyler opened the passenger door so Stacy could get her in. He braced her back with his arm and slid the other under her legs to place her in the car. He buckled her in and shut the door. \"Thanks, Stace. Anything you need, name it and I got your back,\" Tyler prattled on, stopping when he saw Stacy rubbing his temples. \"Hey, you okay bro?\" \"Yeah, yeah. It's just, nothing good happens at these parties.\" \"Stacy, did something happen between you and Sabree? You're my bro but I'll knock you out if you kissed her, too.\" \"I'll tell you later, man. You better get home before your parents realize your missing.\" He said before getting in his car. He gripped the steering wheel until his knuckles turned white. Realistically he had no reason to be upset with her. This was the first, and only, real conversation they'd had, he'd never known her outside of being distant but he thought their conversation meant something to her. Silly him. He looked over at Sabree, who was now passed out, and cranked the ignition. The drive to his house was quick. He got Sabree out of the car and into the house. He laid her in his bed, removing her boots and covering her up. He stood with his hands on his hips, looming over her, in case she woke. When she didn't, he grabbed a blanket from his closet, flicked off the light and went into the living room to get some well deserved rest. ... Light bounced off the walls and right through the thin skin of her eyelids. Her eyes cracked open, greeted by the yellow walls...wait. Yellow walls? She let her eyes travel open them, taking in the room, before bolting uptight, coming fully awake. She wasn't in her room. But whose room was it? She swung her legs over the bed, gripping the covers for support. The world suddenly became a Tilt- A - Whirl at the county fair as she stood. Immediately she was hit with the overwhelming urge to vomit. She bent at the waist, emptying the contents of her stomach into a nearby waste basket. She wiped at her chin, trying to piece together the events of last night. Tony's house. Booze. Weed. More booze. Stacy. Stacy?! No, no, she couldn't be. She couldn't have. She grabbed the waist basket and opened the door to the bedroom, peaking her head out before she tip toe'd to the bathroom. \"I look like hell.\" she muttered, taking in her reflection. Flecks of mascara were speckled under her eyes and on her cheeks, red lipstick smeared around her mouth and down her chin. And let's not get started on the killer hang over. She wanted to detach her head from her body until the headache subsided. Her eyes traveled to her neck. Fuck. It was sore, dark marks kissing her pale skin. \"Are you fucking kidding me...\" she gasped, touching the marks. \"What the hell happened last night?!\" She huffed, grabbing the trash can and washing it out. She returned it to Stacy's room and clasped her hand over her lust bitten neck. House creeping had become her forte over the last two months, it seemed. She stepped quietly through the quiet house, glancing around every corner. Professional creeper in the house. She wondered if you could get paid for that. She walked down the hall of the front room, nearly home free. Stacy was in the kitchen and his eyes were on her. She averted her gaze, stepping forward to him. \"Hey...we didn't, um, do anything, did we?\" Stacy shook his head, dropping a rubber in the spatula. \"No, we didn't. I'm not that kind of guy,\" he started, folding his arms over his chest. \"But you did with Tony. Or might as well have.\" Ouch. \"You promised you would slow down.\" Sabree let out an incredulous laugh, \"Stacy last night I was a bottle of Jack and 10 beers deep and you're expecting me to remember a five minute conversation?\" At her words, she saw a flash of anger she didn't even realize Stacy was capable of. Within seconds, his beautiful blues went from scorned to disappointed to wrathful. \"You're right. I don't know what I expected. I made you some food. Shower, eat, leave.\" ","Summary":" Authors note: So I realize that Lords of Dogtown is dated, and I'm sure no one will stumble upon th"},{"Movie":"SWAT","Title":"Indignes adieux","Author":"Shirayuki Hakuren","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9623050","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Bonjour, bonjour ! Voici un petit OS sans grande prétention que j'ai écrit pendant les vacances. C'est la première fois que j'écris un truc triste et ça me donne envie de me pendre. Il n'y a actuellement AUCUNE fic en français sur ce fandom, alors je peux que personne ne viendra lire ceci. Pourtant, je le publie quand même, dans l'espoir qu'une âme charitable vienne me donner son point de vue ! On peut voir ici un slash archi-soft (Ça aussi c'est une première pour moi. D'ordinaire, je fais des trucs plus évidents ^^'). Bref, voici le blabla habituel : Disclamer : Aucun des personnages de S.W.A.T ne m'appartient. Seuls le prêtre et Jenna Gamble sont de mon fait. Rating : K+ pour l'évocation de la mort. Pairing : Jim/Brian Genre : Deathfic, Brian étant déjà mort au début de cette histoire. Indignes adieux Jim fixait le cortège d'un oeil vide. La lenteur exagérée du corbillard lui paraissait saugrenue, insensée. Pour autant qu'il se souvienne, Brian et lui avaient toujours vécu au rythme effréné de l'action et du danger. Bien sûr, il leur était souvent arrivé de freiner, de ralentir, voir même de s'arrêter, mais jamais ils ne s'étaient contentés –pas une fois, de marcher à cette vitesse. C'était la raison pour laquelle il n'arrivait pas à concevoir que l'incorrigible fou dont l'intrépidité n'avait d'égal que son méprit du danger et des règles, qui avait été son ami et son partenaire, soit entraîné à pas si lent vers le lieu de son dernier repos. Le long et large véhicule noir était exempt de toute saleté qui aurait pu ternir sa carrosserie et sa lenteur était telle que l'on entendait à peine les rugissements du moteur. Street, en amont, observait le cortège et maudissait le goût amer qui persistait sur sa langue. Tous ces gens, qui qu'ils soient, n'étaient rien de moins que des hypocrites. Tous, sans la moindre exception, avaient choisit d'oublier. Ils avaient décidé, comme si lui-même n'avait pas sciemment choisit de faire ce qu'il avait fait, que Brian n'avait pour ainsi dire jamais commit la moindre faute. Et Jim, tout en les observant silencieusement, avait conscience de cet accord tacite entre tous. Il voulait crier à l'injustice, il voulait hurler au monde que tout cela avait été la décision de Brian et que personne, qui qu'il soit, n'avait le droit de lui enlever les raisons pour lesquelles il avait poussé son dernier souffle. Mais Jim savait aussi que personne ne prendrait la peine d'écouter celui qu'on jugeait responsable de cette triste disparition. Quelqu'un avait dit un jour « Je méprise la façon dont les vivants semblent pardonner si facilement les crimes des disparus, tout comme je méprise la façon qu'ils ont de les haïr au delà du raisonnable. L'Homme ne connait pas la demi-mesure. » Jim avait oublié de qui était tiré cette citation, mais l'idée était là. L'Homme ne connait pas la demi-mesure. Et aujourd'hui, tout Homme qu'ils étaient, ces gens endeuillés s'étaient offert le droit de renier les convictions qui avaient conduit Brian vers la mort. « C'était un homme bien » avait dit ce qui semblait être un lointain cousin venu d'Italie spécialement pour cette sombre occasion. « Il a sauvé tant de vies sans se soucier des risques qu'il faisait courir à la sienne » avait ajouté une dame qui, dans les souvenirs de Jim, apparaissait quelque part dans la liste des otages qu'ils avaient sauvés ensemble durant leur carrière. As-tu seulement idée du nombre de personne qu'il a blessé dans le seul but de briller ou même du nombre de celles qu'il a tuées par vengeance ? Jim hurlait en son for intérieur alors que le cortège entamait un virage en direction du cimetière. Il restait là, isolé dans l'angle de la ruelle, et posait ses yeux sur ces pauvres femmes éplorées au visage rougit par les frottements de leur mouchoir. Qui étaient-elles pour oser pleurer ainsi ? Qui leur avait demandé de manifester leur tristesse aux yeux du monde ? Croyaient-elles qu'elles étaient les seules à en avoir le droit ? Brian avait choisit de couper les ponts avec sa famille il y avait de cela plus d'une dizaine d'années, alors comment osaient-elles se présenter ici, le coeur faussement attristé par la disparition de cet homme dont elles ne pouvaient aller retrouver l'image que dans leurs souvenirs d'enfance ? Ces 5 dernières années, Jim avait été la seule présence dans l'entourage de Brian à pouvoir prétendre faire figure de famille. Lui seul avait été là pour l'extirper des problèmes dans lesquels il semblait prendre plaisir à s'empêtrer. Lui seul l'avait accompagné dans ses folles aventures et ses opérations commando pour emmerder Fuller et lui seul avait prit la décision de lui en vouloir. De quel droit aurait-il pu lui pardonner ? Brian Gamble, l'ex-agent du S.W.A.T, le ripoux, avait choisit d'être haït par lui. Alors bien qu'il aurait voulu agir autrement, Jim ne pouvait lui pardonner pour ses actes. Ainsi, malgré les mauvais regards qui se posaient sur lui, Jim Street gardait un visage impassible de colère et de déception. Il savait, entre tous, qu'il était celui qui avait raison. Et même si la bienséance soufflait déloyalement aux autres de lui vouer rancune, Brian, du fond des Enfers, le remerciait certainement d'agir ainsi qu'il le faisait. Jim se disait que, bien qu'il soit celui qui aurait dû le mépriser le plus, il était le seul à se conduire avec respect. En n'acceptant pas de lui pardonner, il était celui qui lui rendait hommage le plus sincèrement. Car comme on l'entend dire parfois, « La haine est une forme de reconnaissance » (au moins aussi forte que l'amitié ou l'amour, aurait ajouté Jim) et c'était bien ce qu'il illustrait ici, par son comportement immoral. A détester ce que Brian avait fait, il reconnaissait ses actions et ses convictions, et comme toujours, il lui octroyait un traitement de faveur. Alors qu'importe ce qu'en pensaient les autres, en pardonnant tout, ils étaient ceux qui étaient dans l'erreur. Le corbillard pénétra finalement dans l'enceinte du cimetière militaire et emprunta le chemin principal qui le traversait d'Est en Ouest. Jim n'avait d'autre choix que de suivre la marche funèbre. Alors qu'il s'était frayé une place en tête de cortège, juste derrière le véhicule de mauvaise augure, il pensa à T.J. Parmi tout les agents qui avaient connu Brian Gamble au moins aussi bien que lui, McCabe aurait été le seul à pouvoir prétendre assister dignement à ces funérailles à ses côtés. Tous les trois s'étaient connus il y a bien longtemps lors d'une mission des plus banales. Ils avaient souvent fait équipe lors des prises d'otages musclées et une sincère amitié s'était tissée entre eux. T.J, bien qu'il aurait certainement eût du mal à accepter le point de vue de Jim sur cette cérémonie, l'aurait accepté sans l'ombre d'un doute. Mais T.J non plus n'était plus de ce monde et Street grogna de mécontentement. Des gens vrais, il en avait connu peu et Brian et T.J avaient été les meilleurs d'entre eux. La tête du cortège s'engouffra dans une allée de pelouse tandis que le corbillard se séparait de la procession afin de se garer en contre bas de l'allée principale. La foule d'inconnus vêtus de noir se rassembla autour d'un trou vide creusé à l'ombre d'un arbre et les membres de la famille reniée baissèrent la tête à la vue de ce gouffre béant. Les musiciens se placèrent ensuite de part et d'autres des tombes de Kevin McKingsley et Mary Johnson-Fletcher et le prêtre prit place derrière la pierre tombale du sergent Daniel Soon. De chaque côté du trou destiné à accueillir le cercueil, deux rangs de militaires armés se tenaient alignés, la tête haute et le dos droit. Au loin, on entendait les portes coulissantes du véhicule de procession se fermer et les pas rythmés des soldats dans le gravier blanc de l'allée principale. Le trombone se mit alors à résonner doucement, couvrant le bruit du vent dans les feuillages. Le cor prit la suite, raisonnant de ses notes graves derrière la tombe de Mary Johnson-Fletcher. La trompette suivit la marche, puis le hautbois acheva l'introduction de sa mélodie suave. Ainsi mêlés tous ensemble, ils s'évertuèrent à rejouer Goodbye my lover de James Blunt sur les airs qui saillaient à la circonstance. Jim écoutait distraitement la performance, songeant simplement que la musique avait très certainement été choisie par une femme en mal d'amour adoratrice de romans à l'eau de rose. S'il écoutait cela en cet instant, Brian devait certainement se sentir insulté. Si le choix lui avait incombé, Jim aurait évité la musique ou bien son choix se serrait porté sur quelque chose de plus solennel comme If the Story Is Over de Stratovarius ou encore Farewell d'Apocalyptica. Brian n'était pas nécessairement un grand fan de métal symphonique, mais il savait reconnaître la bonne musique. Malgré tout, c'était James Blunt qui dominait ici et Jim n'avait pas son mot à dire. Bientôt, les quatre soldats apparurent dans le champs de vision de l'agent du S.W.A.T, portant à bout de bras, bien calé sur leurs épaules, le cercueil blanc recouvert du drapeau des États-Unis d'Amérique. Lorsqu'ils arrivèrent à hauteur du cortège, les soldats s'immobilisèrent en silence. L'un des militaires alignés prit alors la parole d'un air cérémonieux. « Chargez arme ! » D'un geste vif, ses confrères effectuèrent le chargement de leur fusil de cérémonie, comme un seul homme. « Présentez arme ! » De nouveau, ils agirent avec vitesse et précision, présentant leurs armes vers le ciel. « Feu ! » Un tire retentissant se fit entendre. « Feu ! » Un de plus. « Feu ! » Le dernier tir sonna aux oreilles de Jim comme un glas définitif, la confirmation qu'une page venait définitivement de se tourner. Le silence retomba dans le cimetière, puis le prêtre prit la parole. « Mes chers frères, mes chers soeurs, c'est en ce triste jour que nous sommes rassemblés ici pour pleurer la disparition de Brian Gamble, un frère, un fils et un cousin aimé de tous. La famille ayant demandé à ce que la procession soit courte, je vais dors et déjà laisser la parole à Jenna Gamble, la soeur cadette du défunt.. » Une jeune femme épleurée se détacha de l'assistance et s'avança face aux autres. Le prêtre l'accueillit à ses côtés avec sobriété et lui laissa la parole. « Ce n'est un mystère pour personne, Brian ne nous aimait pas beaucoup. Il a quitté la maison quand il avait 16 ans et je ne crois pas me tromper en disant qu'il ne nous a jamais recontacté depuis. J'étais trop jeune à l'époque pour comprendre les raisons de sa fuite, et j'avoue que je ne les comprends toujours pas aujourd'hui. Brian était aimé. Par nous tous. J'ignore si notre hommage l'atteint, mais j'espère de tout coeur qu'il réalise à quel point nous l'aimions. » Jenna s'en retourna aux côtés de ses parents et fondit soudain en larmes dans les bras de sa mère, théâtralement. Jim observa le spectacle avec dégoût. Une légère migraine était en train de poindre entre ses deux sourcils et James Blunt commençait à lui taper sur les nerfs. Il accusa le coup, priant pour que personne d'autre n'ait la soudaine envie de raconter des conneries au nom de Brian. Et comme si le tout puissant avait entendu ses prières, le prêtre reprit la parole. « Les parents du défunt ont désiré ne pas prendre la parole en public, aussi laisserai-je le dernier hommage à Jim Street, le meilleur ami et partenaire du défunt. » Malgré son mal de crâne croissant, Jim fit l'effort de s'avancer devant l'assemblée. La plupart des membres de la famille ne le connaissaient pas et leur curiosité les titillaient visiblement. De tous, Jim était celui qui en savait le plus sur Brian et sur les dernières années de sa vie. Aussi, tous firent silence en attendant d'entendre l'hommage de cet homme qui avait passé une partie de sa vie aux côtés de Brian. Jim avala durement sa salive et posa ses yeux sur l'assemblée. Il n'était pas sûr de survivre à cet hommage. « Lorsque j'ai rencontré Brian, il y a cinq ans, la première chose que je me suis dit était : « Ce gars a l'air aussi paumé que moi. » Et à vrai dire, je n'avais pas tout à fait tord. Nous venions d'intégrer la légendaire agence du S.W.A.T et l'idée de faire une erreur nous terrifiait tout les deux. Je me souviens encore de ce moment terrible pendant lequel nous avons attendu devant le bureau du Lieutenant Velasquez, droits comme des I. Nous avions été convoqués en plein milieu de la cérémonie d'accueil des nouveaux arrivés au S.W.A.T et nous étions effrayés à l'idée d'être renvoyés dès le premier jour. Mais après 10 minutes d'attentes insupportables, Velasquez a ouvert la porte à la volée et nous a regardé avec un regard meurtrier. « Entrez les gars. » On était incapable de bouger. Il nous regardait avec cet air de dire « Vous avez de sérieux problèmes les gars. » Mais lorsque nous sommes entrés dans son bureau, il nous a sourit avec franchise et nous a dit « Vous, bande de petits salopards, vous avez eu les meilleurs appréciations de votre promotion. Je vous veux dans mon équipe dès demain. » C'est ce jour-là que Brian et moi avons réalisé à quel point nos vie allaient être liées désormais. Mais les années ont passé et Brian avait un besoin compulsif d'outrepasser les ordres, de jouer les héros. Pendant 5 longues années, j'ai couvert chacune des ses bévues, chacun de ses faux pas. Pourquoi ? Parce que derrière son comportement d'insubordination, il suivait une ligne de conduite, un idéal moral. Mais je le couvrais aussi parce qu'il était mon ami. Un ami très cher. On dit que personne n'est irremplaçable, mais à mes yeux, Brian l'était. Je réalise aujourd'hui que je n'avais jamais prit le temps de lui exprimer ces choses-là clairement. Et parfois, j'en viens à penser que s'il avait su à quel point il était important pour moi, il n'aurait pas franchit la ligne. C'est un fait, Brian a franchit la barrière. Vous êtes nombreux à penser qu'il n'avait pas eu le choix, qu'il était sous l'emprise de la folie. Que de mensonges éblouissant pour vous aveugler face à la vérité... Brian a CHOISIT de faire ce qu'il a fait. Et que vous le vouliez ou non, il voulait finir ainsi. Vos mensonges hypocrites ne lui rendent pas justice. Tout ce qui est arrivé était de son entière initiative. Aucun d'entre vous, pas un seul, n'a le droit de remettre en question ce pour quoi il a donné sa vie. Brian était un salopard qui n'avait que faire de son entourage. Il vous a abandonnés, tous, puis il m'a laissé derrière. Il a choisit de mourir seul et dans le déshonneur de ses actes et c'est ce qu'il a eût. Vous n'avez, qui que vous soyez, aucun droit de protestation sur les motivations et les agissements de Brian. » Jim avait fini son discourt. La famille endeuillée ne l'avait pas quitté des yeux, outrée par son comportement blasphématoire. Tendant l'oreille alors qu'il retournait à sa place, il pouvait entendre les réactions peu dissimulées de l'assistance : « Quelle honte ! » , « Cet homme est un moins que rien ! » , « On devrait le démettre de ses fonctions ! » . Mais Jim n'avait que faire de leurs commérages. Quittant la cérémonie, une larme coulait le long de son visage. Et, comme poussé par le vent dans son dos, les yeux fermés par dépit, il n'assista pas à la mise en terre. Voilà, c'est très court, je l'admet, mais je pense qu'il n'était pas nécessaire d'en faire plus. Quoi qu'il en soit, si vous avez lu ceci, n'hésitez pas à laisser une petite review, ne serrait-ce que pour me signaler que vous avez lu =) Merci ! ","Summary":" Bonjour, bonjour ! Voici un petit OS sans grande prétention que j'ai écrit pendant les vacances. C'"},{"Movie":"SWAT","Title":"My Happy Ending","Author":"Resonae","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8191385","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: I own nothing. Not the characters and not the song. The song is Avril Lavigne's (So Much For) My Happy Ending. There are mentions of prostitution, sex and death, but nothing graphic. Character death. Let's talk this over It's not like we're dead Was it something I did? Was it something you said? It was raining. Of course, Brian thought numbly. Just perfect. His legs felt like lead as he trudged through the pounding rain, each step into the mud as if it dragged him into the suffocating earth. He stared at the earth, wondering if suffocation by dirt would feel better than what he was currently feeling. He'd expected Jim to come after him, hold him, deny selling him out and coax him into staying. He hadn't expected Jim to blow him off and ignore him. His chest felt like someone had cut into his chest and dug his heart out, threw it on the ground, stamped on it a few times and then tossed it into a trash can. He felt like he was suffocating, like something had a grip on his lungs and wasn't letting go. He had only wanted to do right. Hadn't he saved the hostage? And above everything, he had done right. He hadn't expected Jim to take the blow for what he'd done, but he'd hoped Jim would stand with him. But Jim had left him. Left him to shoulder his own weight. Had he pushed everything too far? Had he become too dependent? He was vaguely aware of the hot tears spilling from his eyes, mixing with the cold rain. He walked slowly, half because his legs felt like they weighed a ton each, and half because he hoped Jim would be running after him. Don't leave me hanging In a city so dead Held up so high On such a breakable thread He missed it already. He missed the strong arms holding him, telling him everything was going to be all right and that he'd be with Brian forever. The promises fell and shattered around his feet like the raindrops did. They'd spent 2 years as Navy SEALS together. They'd started as rookies together. And then they came into SWAT together, had been partners for the last five years. Jim had asked him out three years ago and Jim had promised to be together forever, hadn't he? Brian looked back. The light of the precinct, someplace he'd spent more time at than at his own house for the past five years, glared accusingly at him, and he turned back and looked out into the dark, wet night. Jim wasn't coming after him. He was alone. He took a step into the darkness, and cried his whole way home. You were all the things I thought I knew, and I thought we could be You were everything, everything, that I wanted We were meant to be, supposed to be, but we lost it He'd worked up the courage to call Jim. Jim didn't pick up, and never returned the call. Brian didn't try again. Instead he went drinking every weekend and went to some unknown man's house every Saturday night. They all had brown hair and brown eyes, though none of them held a shade to Jim. He let them take him violently and left, hurting and throbbing and sometimes bleeding, before they woke. He knew better than anyone that he was trying to replace the gaping hole in his chest. All he was doing was stuffing rough sandpaper in it. It stopped the blood flow for a bit, but in the end it made the wound worse. He staggered into the house. The pictures he had with Jim smiled mockingly at him and he put every one of them face down. He didn't have the heart to throw them out. He collapsed on his bed. He'd lost weight and he knew he was a mess. He threw up most of what he ate, and he mostly just drank alcohol. He came down with a fever more often than not, and without Jim to take care of them for him he just let it rage through his body. He reached up to the pillow on the left side of the bed and hugged it. It smelled like Jim, of his spicy cologne and Brian closed his eyes, burying his face in the pillow. Tears spilled from his eyes and he didn't bother keeping them in check. There was no one around to see them, anyway. All of our memories so close to me just fade away All this time you were pretending So much for my happy ending So much for my happy ending It was three months before he managed to somewhat stop drinking. He didn't work and instead started to charge the guys he slept with. His nights at the bar increased from weekends to every other day to every night. They paid eagerly and he was reminded painfully that Jim used to tell him all the guys at the bar were staring at his ass, and that if Jim wasn't there they'd probably pay for a piece of it. Brian laughed emptily at the irony of it. He used to be a cop that busted prostitutes. Now he was one. He grabbed the hundred-dollar bills and shoved them into his back pocket. He never stole from anyone he slept with, because it meant more business later. The last Benjamin seemed to pity him and he shoved it deep into his pocket. He let the man kiss him before he left. He picked up a large bottle of Listerine on his way home. When he got home, he vomited until the acrid tang of stomach acid hit his tongue and then used the entire bottle of mouth wash to rinse his mouth out. His legs hurt, his hips hurt, his ass hurt, his stomach hurt, his throat hut and his mouth hurt, but most of all, his chest throbbed violently. You've got your dumb friends I know what they say They tell you I'm difficult But so are they He saw Jim a month after, and whispers filled the bar. Jim Street was back on SWAT. He ignored the stab of betrayal and managed to act himself, but couldn't help but shake violently at the girl next to him. Jim's gaze on him was condescending and disapproving. Brian wanted to grab him and demand how Jim could do this to him. Hadn't they been in love? Jim had always promised him forever, had always promised him happiness. How could the man that used to hold him, smile at him and laugh with him look at him as if he was a piece of trash? He staggered away and his eyes caught the picture on the wall, of him and Jim smiling at the bar. He gripped the ashtray and slammed it into the picture. The hurt and hopelessness stayed, but the despair left him. Instead he was filled with fury and anger and he gripped his fists. Fine. If Jim had all but forgotten them, then Brian wasn't going to mope around. He was going to blaze it across Jim's brain who he'd messed with, who Brian was. Because Jim Street might have been bigger, taller, stronger than him, but Brian Gamble was smarter. But they don't know me Do they even know you? All the things you hide from me All the shit that you do? It didn't take long for him to gather around a few people who had beef with the SWAT team. The hardest part was picking out the smart ones, and all he had to do was go to bed with them for a bit of extra convincing and they were on board. And then Montel came along and Brian couldn't help but smile. Things were just rolling perfectly. He was the one who planned it all, making everything smooth and flawless. Even if SWAT found out, they wouldn't be able to do anything about it. All he had to do was get an insider, and that was easy enough. Seducing TJ was, to use the cliché, as easy as taking candy from a baby. He'd always known TJ eyed him, just as lusty as the men at the bars Jim had to quite literally chase away with a stick, and it didn't take long to woo TJ over. TJ asked him, one night in bed, if he still loved Jim Street. Brian snorted at the question and instead coaxed TJ to hurry his pace. TJ didn't ask anything after that and Brian didn't mention it again. The next day, TJ told him all the preparations were ready, and handed him a high-caliber sniper gun. You were all the things I thought I knew, and I thought we could be You were everything, everything, that I wanted We were meant to be, supposed to be, but we lost it Jim was going to fall in love with Chris Sanchez. That much was almost obvious to Brian. He wasn't mad at her – she was almost the perfect woman for Jim. A female version of Brian himself. Strong, loud-mouthed, crass, bold and daring with a smirk on her face. He wondered if Jim knew how much she and Brian were alike, and he wondered if Jim knew that was who he was falling in love with. He wondered if Jim realized the ghost of Brian Gamble echoed inside Chris Sanchez. He made every shot with perfect accuracy, like he always did. He used the sniper's scope to read the look on Jim's face. Do you recognize it, Jimmy? He thought, sitting up to go through the next phase of the plan. The only person who could hit a flying helicopter out of air, dead in its engines like that, is Brian Gamble. Brian smiled sadly. If Jim had cared a little more about him, if he remembered, Brian should have been the first suspect to pop to Jim's head. He wondered if Jim remembered that Brian was the top in marksmanship in every class. He wondered if Jim remembered the job that had caused the separation in the first place, when he hit the woman in the shoulder exactly where he wanted to. He highly doubted it. He stood and dusted his shirt off. He was going to embed himself in Jim's memory, and never let Jim forget him ever again. All of our memories so close to me, just fade away All this time you were pretending So much for my happy ending He played with his dog tags, sitting at the back of the van he was resting on. He tucked it inside his shirt as he walked to the van. Boxer. He didn't bother repressing the bile that rose in his emotions. Boxer, the very man who used to tell Jim that Brian was a dangerous cop, one who depended too heavily on his emotions and couldn't be trusted. He drew his gun and fired. TJ screamed but he didn't care and instead smiled at Jim. Jimbo. My big cowboy. Jim stared at him with hatred and malice, but Brian didn't pull back at the daggers. His hand didn't hesitate to knock Jim down, and didn't brush for longer than they should have as they cuffed Jim to the steering wheel. Remember me, Jimmy. He looked back at Jim. Their eyes met and for a fraction of a second Brian let his mask slip. I loved you, Jim. I still love you. He saw Jim's angry eyes widen and shake violently. His lips opened, as if he wanted to say something, but Brian only smiled sadly and he slipped underground. He was aware the little pause would cause both Jim and the Sergeant to almost catch up to him, but that was everything he'd planned. He saw frustration and anger in Jim's eyes as the train pulled out of the station, but he did nothing to show the previous emotions he'd purposely let loose. Setting the bomb was not to kill anyone, no matter what he had TJ believe, but as a message to Jim. Jim was an explosives expert and the very one who'd taught Brian to set trip wires. He was fully confident the wire wouldn't set anything off – Jim would catch it. It was a message. Remember all our times together, Jim? Brian couldn't help but smile sadly down at the thin wire. You were the one who broke all the promises. Don't hold me responsible. It's nice to know that you were there Thanks for acting like you cared And making me feel like I was the only one He hadn't told anyone, but in the end he expected to die. He had planned it perfectly flawed that the SWAT team would catch up to him. He had delayed perfectly so that they'd catch up to him, that everything would go downward at the very last moment. Brian Gamble was a lost cause. He'd known that since the moment he'd walked out on SWAT, had known that since the moment Jim betrayed him. He laughed to himself and the others in the plane looked at him as if he were insane. How ridiculously ironic, he thought as he tossed the phone and had the money wired to an account he'd prepared long beforehand. The same account that would automatically wire the money to Jim's own bank account, months later, including all the money he'd made off selling himself. He wondered if Jim would ever understand, and wondered if it would ever matter as the gunshots rang. He felt no guilt for all the people dead because of his plans, even as the plane caught on fire as he used the wire he'd prepared just for this cause to jump down to the train tracks below. Jim would follow him, he'd made sure of it. And Jim Street would kill him. That was the plan. It's nice to know we had it all Thanks for watching as I fall And letting me know we were done Fighting, the adrenaline that came with it, and death, was a lot like sex. The rush that came with it, the need of it all was so similar. The French called orgasm \"la petit mort,\" or \"the little death.\" Brian didn't run away for a reason. He could have, on so many occasions, or hid so that Jim wouldn't be able to find him at all, but he stayed to fight. He wondered if that was message enough to Jim that Brian wasn't planning to run, but doubted it. Jim was never a thinker on the field. He did as his instincts told him to, because Jim's instincts always told him to do the right thing. He was always the hero. There was once upon a time when they were heroes together. Today, Brian would be the villain and Jim would be the hero, bigger than ever before. It was his last present to Jim, his best friend, boyfriend and fiancé who had always wanted to be. He was everything, everything, that I wanted We were meant to be, supposed to be, but we lost it He wondered if Jim remembered their first day. He remembered it as if it'd happened yesterday. He remembered going to lunch with Jim, as they always had, except Jim had been a little flustered and nervous. Jim had asked him out quietly, without any fanfare or any special events. Brian had been shocked, of course – he'd never seen it coming. But Jim had quietly asked him to consider it, to consider all the years they'd been best friends and realize that they could have been more. That night Jim had kissed Brian, and everything had seemed to fall into place. He wondered if Jim remembered all of it. He wanted to ask, but instead he stabbed a knife through Jim's hand. All of the memories so close to me just fade away All this time you were pretending So much for my happy ending He had been unsure, almost frightened of their relationship. What if people found out? Would they be fired? But Jim would hold him and tell him no one else mattered, and he believed it. And soon days had turns to weeks, weeks to months, and months had gradually added up until it had been their first anniversary. People had naturally found out, but no one had said anything about it. Some had even thought they were already dating. He wondered if Jim remembered their first night in bed together, if Jim remembered panicking after Brian had started bleeding. Hey, Jimmy, he wanted to ask, remember that you promised we'd get married once California legalized gay marriage? But he didn't. Because why would it matter? He was going to die in a matter of seconds, anyway. You were everything, everything, that I wanted We were meant to be, supposed to be, but we lost it Seconds right before you died were long. Everything seemed to be in slow motion, and he found himself dreading it, even though he'd planned it. He had a lot to say, he realized. He wanted to ask Jim if he remembered all his promises. He wanted to tell Jim good luck on his relationship with Sanchez. He wanted to tell Jim to live to the fullest. He wanted to tell Jim that he did this on purpose, so Jim would never forget him, and wanted to ask if Jim would be able to forgive him for being selfish, this one last time. He wanted to tell Jim that Jim would get his happy ending, even if Brian himself hadn't, because Jim was a good guy. The very best. He wanted to ask Jim if he loved Brian at all even now, and he wanted to tell Jim he loved him. But he didn't, wouldn't. Couldn't. All of the memories so close to me just fade away All this time you were pretending So much for my happy ending So much for my happy ending So much for my happy ending There it is, my second attempt at a songfic. Review? ","Summary":" A/N: I own nothing. Not the characters and not the song. The song is Avril Lavigne's (So Much For) "},{"Movie":"SWAT","Title":"Relief vs Happiness","Author":"Resonae","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8781265","Passage":"[Chapter 1] i own nada \"Hang in there, Bri.\" Jim's teeth chatters, and he clenches his jaws to keep them still. \"Hang in there, baby.\" He cuts away the blood-soaked cloth and tries to tell himself that everything is going to be fine. He's seen men shot before, in all sorts of places. But it's not going to be fine. This is Brian Gamble . Brian doesn't get shot. He's supposed to be a jackass, annoying the shit out of everyone with his higher-than-thou intelligence and snark. He's supposed to be Jim's boyfriend, smiling that bright, crooked smile at him. Brian grips at his hand weakly. \"Hurts.\" He rasps, before he coughs and wheezes and blood splatters down his lips. Jim's hands are trembling as he cuts away the shirt. There's a messy hole oozing blood, right in the middle of Brian's chest. It's missed Brian's heart, obviously, but from what Jim can tell from the wheezing it's punctured a lung. \"You're going to be fine.\" Jim says, and Brian nods sluggishly. \"You're going to be okay.\" He repeats, and his hands shake as he traces the wound. Brian winces. The bullet's still lodged in there, Jim can tell. It's the worst kind of wound, messy with the bullet still embedded, most likely still inside the lung. The flesh is raw and Brian whimpers when Jim's fingers brush against the ragged wound. He tears apart his own shirt, making strips as long as he can. He doesn't have water or fire or – anything. He has nothing. Even the radio is dead. But he can't sit here and let Brian bleed to death. He kisses Brian's forehead tenderly. \"I won't let you die, Bri. You know that.\" He promises, and Brian only nods again, his eyes fluttering and fighting to stay open. \"Don't sleep, baby.\" Jim begs, pulling Brian closer as gently as possible. \"Keep your eyes open for me, Gamble. Don't go to sleep.\" Jim pulls the torn strips as tightly around Brian's torso as possible. Brian cries out when the bullet inside is jostled and Jim presses too hard on the raw wound, but Jim grits his teeth and lets the cries of pain tear into his heart. \"Sorry.\" Jim whispers, wiping away the cold sweat that forms on Brian's forehead. It leaves a streak of blood. \"I'm so sorry.\" He moves downward, to Brian's leg, and winces at the calf that bends where it isn't supposed to. His hands are shaking, and Brian whimpers when Jim's hands brush on the injury. \"I'm going to set it, Bri. It's going to hurt more if I leave it alone.\" Brian shudders but says nothing, so Jim pulls off Brian's gloves so Brian can bite down on it. He doesn't count down – from his experience that's just even worse – but Brian lets out a shrill cry as Jim wrenches the bone back to normal, which ends up in choking and coughing and blood splattering over his chin again, and Jim feels his chest tear into pieces again. \"I'll kill him, Bri.\" Jim promises, pushing an arm under Brian's knees and shoulders. \"I'll kill him, but you gotta stay alive to see him die.\" Brian doesn't have the energy to cry out anymore. He falls limply against Jim's chest as he stands. They're in the middle of a fucking desert, and he doesn't know which direction is which. But he starts walking anyway, clutching Brian to his chest. \"Hey.\" Jim blinks twice, and then shoots upward. Boxer puts up his hands. \"Easy.\" Boxer says, pointing to the IV in Jim's arm. \"You're in a hospital in Los Angeles. Do you know who I am?\" \"Where's Brian?\" \"Okay, fine, that works, too.\" Boxer sighs, running a hand through his short hair. \"Gamble's in surgery.\" He glances at Jim. \"You walked back home.\" He says dryly. \"You walked over fifty miles. In the desert. Carrying a half-dead person.\" Jim swallows. \"Is Brian…\" Boxer sighs again. \"He's alive. In surgery, like I said. Been in surgery for a hell of a long time. You've been out for about 10 hours, Street. Severe dehydration and fatigue. You must've walked for over 15 hours. We all thought you were dead. TJ saw Gamble get shot, and when you two didn't show up at rendezvous…\" Jim nods, and then tries to get off the bed. He can't – his body won't respond no matter what he wills his legs to do. \"I want to see Brian.\" He says, and Boxer stares. \"He's in surgery.\" Boxer repeats. \"You can't. Listen, Street. He's – he wasn't in – the nurses said he might be too far gone.\" \"Take me to the surgery room, then.\" Jim grits his teeth. \"Brian won't leave me, Boxer.\" Jim spends the next few hours in a wheelchair that Boxer manages to secure, ignoring all the complaints the nurses are giving him. Boxer just nods at whatever they say and sends them on their way. It's not until much later and the nurses have given up on them that the in surgery sign blinks off. The doctor takes a look at Jim and sighs. It's a familiar face – Jim and Brian has seen her all the time when they come in for injuries from SWAT. \"You should be resting.\" \"I'm as rested as I can be,\" Jim growls back. \"How is he?\" The doctor glares at him. She takes off her mask and lets it hang off one ear, penning something on a clipboard, sighs and looks up at Jim. \"Not good. We got the bullet out, but it took a while and he lost a lot of blood. It punctured his left lung and the bullet got embedded in the back wall, and the wound got badly infected.\" The doctor sighs. \"You set his leg, right? You did a good job doing it. His leg is the least of our problems. Listen, Jim.\" She rubs her forehead. \"He might not make the night. You have to be prepared for the worst. Go see him. He's in ICU, room number 5.\" \"Shit,\" Boxer says. \"Shit.\" Jim says nothing and sits next to Brian. Brian's a mess. He's pale, his eyes are sunken, and his lips are blue. His face is a mess of bruises and cuts that Jim couldn't have even known about in the dark, but an oxygen mask is covering most of it. Even his arms are covered in bandages, and his leg is in a thick cast. \"He looks like a mess.\" Jim manages, and gingerly takes a hand into his. It feels cold and clammy, like a dead person's hand, but Jim grits his teeth and brings the hand up to his lips. Brian won't leave him. That much he's sure of. Brian makes the night, and the next, and the next. What he doesn't do, however, is make progress enough to be moved out of the ICU. Or wake up. \"He's a slow healer.\" Their doctor tells Jim. \"You couldn't tell that from all his colds? He doesn't have the best defense system in his body. You should be happy. He's over the worst of it. Yes, he's not going to be breathing on his own for a while. He's definitely not going back on the force for about half a year. But he's alive. And he's healing.\" Jim crosses his arms across his chest. \"Of course he's alive.\" Jim says. \"He wouldn't leave me, just like I wouldn't leave him.\" The doctor snorts. \"Don't get shot at the same time, then.\" Two weeks later, Brian is still in ICU. Boxer stares at him, and Brian doesn't have the sunken eyes anymore. Most of his shallower cuts have healed, and are soft lines that might scar lightly or might heal completely. \"I feel like he's just trying to bullshit all of us and staying asleep because he likes to see us worry about him.\" And Jim has to laugh because that's probably exactly what Brian's doing. \"At least I don't have to pay for ICU.\" He says, rubbing Brian's now-warm hand with his thumb. Boxer puts the basket of fruits by Jim and rolls his eyes. \"Taking his own sweet time, is he?\" \"Yeah.\" Jim smiles, no longer burdened by the prospect of Brian's pain. The heart monitor beeps steadily, and Brian hasn't had a scare since day one. Brian does things in his own pace, after all. Jim presses a kiss onto Brian's forehead. \"He'll be fine.\" It's not until a month later that Brian's gray-green-blue flutters open. Jim knows the exact moment it's going to happen by the way Brian's breath hitches out of pattern. \"Hey.\" Jim greets, closing his book. Brian lets out a pained wince and he gingerly pats his chest. \"Do I have a hole in my chest?\" His voice is still wheezy, weak, but the perpetual smirk on his lips is back, and he even attempts to sit up before Jim puts a hand on his shoulder. \"Jimmy.\" He rasps. It's nothing like the gentle, smooth voice Jim's used to, but that'll be back once his lungs are fully healed. \"You were out for a month.\" Jim says, thumbing Brian's shoulder. \"You miss me?\" \"No, I was here the whole time.\" Jim grins, and Brian snickers for a bit before he winces and forces himself to stop laughing. Jim strokes his cheek, and Brian leans into the touch. \"I'd kiss you, if you didn't have a fucking mask.\" In response, Brian reaches up and pulls the mask off of his lips. It's probably not the best idea, but Jim can't help but grin down at Brian's huge smile. Jim bends down to press a gentle kiss onto Brian's lips, and the snaps the oxygen mask back on. Brian grumbles for a bit, but then smiles back up at Jim. And Jim isn't relieved. He knew Brian was going to be waking up, and he's just been waiting. He's not relieved to see Brian waking up because he hasn't been worried about it happening. But happiness is a different emotion from relief, and Jim feels plenty of that right now. ","Summary":" i own nada \"Hang in there, Bri.\" Jim's teeth chatters, and he clenches his jaws to keep them stil"},{"Movie":"SWAT","Title":"Rain Sound","Author":"Resonae","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8918039","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I own nothing. Songfic to B.A.P's \"Rain Sound\", lyrics translations by jennyjjong tumblr When Jim decides to hold a funeral for Brian, Fuller looks at him as if he's crazy. \"He's a criminal, Street.\" Fuller says, and Jim says nothing. But in the end, Fuller can't do anything. Brian doesn't have any family, so the only one Brian's got listed under relations is Jim. He goes around to ask Boxer, who says of course I'll come . Sanchez reminds him Brian shot Boxer. Boxer says, \"He was a good kid.\" Sanchez calls him crazy. Hondo volunteers himself to the funeral. It's not gonna be a funeral. It's a little good bye that Jim has planned, but Hondo says he'll come anyway. \"He seemed like a smart kid. I would have liked the full Street-Gamble set.\" Jim thinks Brian was a genius, but doesn't say anything else. It rains on the day of the 'funeral', which Jim can't help but laugh at. It rained on the day they met. He doesn't cry as they spread Brian's ashes to the river. Jim knows Sanchez thinks they're stupid, and knows Hondo is here only for respect of the soldier who he would have liked to meet. Boxer is here because Brian and Boxer were friends , one of the only ones Brian really had on the force. Jim stays after everyone leaves. Boxer stays with him for a while, just watching the sun set in the distance, but he rises from the dirt after a while. \"He'll be in a good place, Jim.\" Boxer says. Jim doesn't know that, but Boxer seems sure. He guesses if the person who Brian shot is sure, he should be too. He doesn't get home until he's drunk and he punches the radio to life. He can't fall into bed, or the couch, or even sit in the kitchen. Everything smells like Brian in his house. There are two coffee mugs on the kitchen counter that Jim never washed. Jim falls to the floor, and even that smells like Brian. The rain beats on the windows and he can't fall asleep. You're a chaotic question-and-answer type of person I just close my mouth Love is buried in a farewell Outside the window, the forgotten rainy wind blow s Familiar music sounds from the radio late at night It's perfect for me to think of you The two empty coffee cups In the place you aren't here, I fight with loneliness Fuller gives him time off. Jim's pretty sure it's Hondo who convinced Fuller, but he finds himself walking in the daytime without uniform. Brian would have liked it. He can hear Brian's laughter in his ear, the obnoxious chuckle that sounds like he's wheezing half the time. Sometimes if he's happy enough he'll laugh doubled over, and Jim will wait with a grin on his face until Brian can wipe the tears from his eyes and punch Jim in the shoulder. He enters the little diner they went together all the time. The small Italian lady who runs the place can't look at him without bursting into tears. \"He was a good boy,\" she tells him as she wipes tears from her cheeks. \"No one understood him but you, James.\" He nods as he holds her, but can't bring himself to actually eat at the corner table she always had for them. He gives her a tight hug and she packs Brian's favorite food for him. He almost throws up but manages to take it with him on his way out. He passes by the theater that has arm handles they can push up so Brian can snuggle into him during movies. It's warm, and pleasant, like it always is during fall in Los Angeles. There's an easy breeze that ruffles through Jim's hair and it feels like Brian's fingers are carding through them. Jim manages to make it home and fall on his bed. It smells like Brian. I walk the streets by myself I look at the cafe and theater we used to go to often Even I'm falling in memories, so how are you? Do you remember the weather, the warmth, and even the wind that brushes by? I'm a person who'll just get forgotten like a black and white film that's gone by I still long for you as I fall asleep It's a rainy night, And I can't sleep today He wakes up to the sound of drizzle on his windows. It's a light pitter-patter. It's rare for it to rain so often in Los Angeles, even if it's light. Jim remembers Brian would sit up just to listen to the rain, and his hands run through the sheets that Brian used to tangle himself in. He closes his eyes, trying not to remember. It's impossible, especially with the rain outside. The rain sounds like Brian's voice, the sheets smell like Brian, and Jim can't help but shudder. He ends up staying up all night, haunted by memories and whispers of a voice that calls his name. He doesn't think he'll ever forget Brian. He doesn't know if he ever wants to. Is this rain sound your voice? Is it calling me? Am I the only one that thinks of you? Will this rain make me feel better? Do you know how I feel? I keep thinking of you (I draw you with a pencil and erase you with the eraser that is the falling rain) (I draw you again today. Will I be able to erase you?) When Jim manages to finally fall asleep, he dreams of running through the pouring rain. Brian always had an obnoxiously red umbrella, but none of that does anything in the torrential downpour. It's rare – almost unheard of – for Los Angeles to get so much rain, but Brian is laughing so hard Jim can't care at all. He wakes up with Brian's laughter still ringing in his ears. It's raining so hard that when walks to the window, he thinks the window might break. It never rains like this in LA. It did, once before, and that day they'd run into their house, soaked to the bone. Brian never stopped laughing, and Jim can still hear it. When he walks over to where shoes are messily shoved to one side, a red umbrella rests in the corner. It's collected dust. He takes the handle. It feels awkward in his hands, like it's molded into the shape of Brian's hand. He steps outside into the downpour and opens the umbrella. The umbrella doesn't do much. He gets soaked anyway, and he stands there because no one can tell he's crying when it's raining. A bright red umbrella, Clothes and sneakers that are soaked I turn the heater on and off Nothing I do will dry me Is that what I want? With Brian, everything was about the rain. It rained the day they met, it rained when Jim fell in love with him, and it had rained when Jim asked Brian out. Jim still remembers how he fell in love with Brian. He thinks he'd been in love, but he'd been too dumb to realize it until that day he saw Brian in the rain. Brian had tackled him down into the mud and he'd laughed while Jim cursed, and they'd ended up rolling until Brian ended up below him and suddenly they'd been making out. Jim asked him out three days later, when it was raining so hard they could barely breathe as they ran during SEAL training. Jim had screamed the question at him as they did target practice in the rain, and Brian had screamed the answer back, laughing all the while. When they checked the next day, only Brian had gotten all bulls' eye on his targets. Jim feels like one of those bullets dug its way into his chest and stayed there. It's a chaotic question and answer I fell for you on a rainy day We really loved each other a lot It seems like we never needed to do that (with effort) So my heart hurts (my heart hurts) (From the start, I held you in my left chest and left an thick imprint) Now you're left like a shard that's deeply embedded And pull me in Jim stands in his kitchen in the morning. Brian always cooked, and whatever he makes now tastes like sandpaper. The eggs are raw, the toast is burnt, and the coffee is cold. There's no sizzling of the pan as Brian cracks the eggs, no bubbling of the coffee machine, no dinging from the toaster. When he showers, he forgets to take new clothes with him. Brian always had a fresh towel and a new set of clothes waiting for him when he stepped out of the shower. He leaves wet footprints on the floor as he trudges to his closet. He can hear Brian yelling at him to clean it up, but when he turns around the only thing he can hear is the rain beating down on the windows. He wonders how he used to live without Brian. I feel like I lied to you and said I can live without you So I throw my heart away I still long for you as I fall asleep It's a rainy night, And I can't sleep today The news says it's an unprecedented amount of rain. Jim thinks the world is lamenting Brian's death. When he lies down in bed and runs his hand over the blanket on Brian's side, he can hear Brian's voice laughing through the rain, calling his name. Jim wishes he can turn around and find Brian grinning at him, but he knows the only thing he'll find when he turns around is empty space. Maybe he's going insane. He doesn't know. Without Brian to keep him going, he doesn't really know what's what anymore. The rain keeps beating down on the windows, on the roof, on the walls, and Jim wishes he could make it stop and keep it going at the same time. Is this rain sound your voice? Is it calling me? Am I the only one that thinks of you? Will this rain make me feel better? Do you know how I feel? I keep thinking of you Sanchez says he's stupid and tells him to wake up from the dream, to leave the past and look forward. She doesn't understand how Brian was his past, is his present, will be his future. It doesn't matter if he's dead. Boxer tells her to leave him alone. He looks outside and comments on the never-ending rain. Jim can feel Boxer's eyes on him. Boxer knows just as much as Jim does how much Brian loved the rain. \"Nice weather,\" is what Boxer ends up saying. \"Nice weather?\" Sanchez repeats. \"I can't fucking believe this weather. It hasn't stopped raining since Gamble's funeral. It's like he's cursed us or something.\" Boxer shrugs. \"He'd never curse Street.\" \"But he'd stab a hole through his hand? Sure, Boxer.\" Sanchez doesn't understand, and Jim doesn't expect her to. She never knew Brian. But Boxer did, and Boxer knows their bond. Jim's hand throbs at his side. He wishes on the day Brian walked out of LAPD, Jim followed him. The only thing he can see is Brian's dead body, lying limp in the train tracks. Sky, please help me Stop this rain So I can forget that person That night, he can't sleep again. His mind is filled with could-bes and could-haves. He killed Brian. He can't get the thought out of his head. He killed Brian. His hands had pushed Brian under the train's wheels. He still remembers the horrifying squelch of bones and flesh and brain matter, the way Brian's beautiful face had disappeared. \"I'm sorry.\" He whispers, clutching his fingers into Brian's side of the bed and wishing he could comb his fingers through the short blonde spikes, run his finger along the tattooed arm. \"I'm so sorry.\" The rain has no answer for him. Is this rain sound your voice? Is it calling me? Am I the only one that thinks of you? Will this rain make me feel better? Do you know how I feel? I keep thinking of you He sits in front of the TV. A small vase filled with Brian's ashes stares back. The reason Jim had him cremated was because he couldn't bear the thought of Brian's body rotting under the dirt, being eaten by all sorts of things. Brian always hated bugs. He kept some of Brian's ashes with him, back then. He stares at it and takes it into his hands. \"I'm sorry.\" He tells it. \"I loved you.\" Still do, he thinks, but he doesn't say it out loud. The house is full of memories he has with Brian. The bed they shared, the couch they snuggled on, the table they ate on, the shower they battled for, the pictures all along the walls. Even if he wanted to, Jim can't forget Brian. Not that he wants to. Ever. The rain sound echoes outside the window I remember our memories I can't live without you On rainy days, I miss it The kiss with you \"I can't live with you.\" Jim tells the vase. \"You forgive me, right? I'm going to meet you now. Wherever you are, I'm going there.\" He holds Brian's gun to his head. Hondo had pulled strings to get it back to Jim after Brian's things were confiscated. When he pulls, the torrents of rain outside muffles the shot and no one hears. The next day, Boxer drives over to the house Brian and Jim shared, and pushes the unlocked door open. Jim is lying on the floor, eyes closed. There's a bullet hole through his temple, and the blood has long dried. It's Boxer, Hondo, and Sanchez spreading Jim's ashes to the wind, the exact same place Jim let go of Brian. Boxer pulls out the urn with Brian's ashes and pours the handful that's remaining into the urn, and then lets it float down the river. \"Gamble liked this place.\" Boxer says. \"Street liked bringing him here.\" Sanchez says nothing. Boxer thinks she's starting to understand. Hondo watches the urn float out of sight. \"They're at a good place. Together.\" It stops raining. The rain sound echoes outside the window I remember our memories I can't live without you On rainy days, I always meet you ","Summary":" I own nothing. Songfic to B.A.P's \"Rain Sound\", lyrics translations by jennyjjong tumblr When Jim"},{"Movie":"SWAT","Title":"Family Tree","Author":"DiAmonD-StyleZ","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4637533","Passage":"[Chapter 1] --1-- \" Headquarters, we've got a 211 (Robbery) reported currently going on inside the City National Bank in Downtown Los Angeles. Number of suspects are currently identified as two, possibly three males. Reinforcements are heavily required as suspects appear to be armed and willing to use their weapons.\" \" Copy that. A Code 11 is in progress. SWAT Units are on their way.\" \"Street, Boxer, gather everyone and suit up. We've got a last minute job to do Downtown.\" \"We just finished for the day. Can't Howard's team take it?\" \"This ain't his team, is it? Now stop complaining Boxer, and be ready and outside within five.\" \"----I wonder what fuck ups decided to ruin the day now.\" \"Hehe. Let's just hope it goes quick and smoothly.\" Shit, shit, shit!!! The phone fumbled in shaking fingers as the owner frantically attempted to dial the buttons. I can't fucking believe this is happening. Of all days, it has to be today! BEEP—---BEEP—--- Pick up the fucking phone! Abruptly, the overwhelming chaos of screams and frantic bodies became drowned by the shots ringing through the whole building. Debris of the ceiling fell in amongst the panicking crowd. The few individuals who'd managed to make it to the main doors desperately attempted to escape towards freedom. Nothing budged. The alarm had automatically sealed the doors shut, leaving the innocent customers and staff prisoners of the robbers. Pick up, pick up, pick up... THIS IS JIM STREET--- \"J, It's Trina, somethi—\" ---SORRY I CAN'T REACH YOU RIGHT NOW, SO LEAVE--- \"Sonavabitch!\" Redial. He'll pick up. Come on, come on BEEP-----BEEP----BEEP--- COME ON, PICK UP THE FUCKING PHONE!!! * Click* Frozen in mid-rant, the caller's attention was suddenly forced on the gun pressed to the back of her head. She sighed inaudibly in frustration and fear whilst still frozen in a crouched position, waiting for the robber's next move. ---THIS IS JIM STRE— \"Hang up the phone, now \" \"What the hell is that? Anybody got a phone on them?\" \"Yeah, it's mine Serge. Sorry… I must have forgotten to put it back out of my bag before leaving.\" \"Turn it off, we don't need any distractions in there at all… Now, listen up. We got a 211 (robbery) in the City National Bank. We don't know how many hostages there are yet, but there appears to be around three robbers in there, maybe more. So we've got to be careful. The game-plan will be established on location.\" \"Any other squads coming? \"We're it for the moment. Let's just hope there won't be any need for more backup.\" ","Summary":" --1-- \" Headquarters, we've got a 211 (Robbery) reported currently going on inside the City Nation"},{"Movie":"SWAT","Title":"Bad, Bad Gamble","Author":"MiceLoveRice","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8848878","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This story is written kind of differently. It's supposed to be written from a \"you\" perspective; you are in the story, you are the actual character. Because, I mean, who wouldn't want to be in a scene with Jeremy Renner, right? \"You're looking pretty tense for someone sitting at a bar.\" A husky voice mildly breaks you out of your trance of observing the variety of beer bottles gathered around the bar, and you instinctively gaze over at the source of the voice. He has himself leaned up against the table, arms crossed over his chest as he leans in closer to you, as if expecting to find you asleep. He seems pleasantly surprised at the fact that you're awake. When you continue to observe him but not actually communicate, he says, \"here, let me buy you a drink\". \"No, that's fine,\" you mumble, turning your head back towards the bar and trying to find which bottle you had left off at. The man is persistent, however. \"Sweetheart, trust me. I'll be loaded in a few weeks.\" He smirks. \"The least you can do is let me buy you a drink.\" And that is where your refusals are put on hold. His determination is unnerving though. Does he plan on getting lucky and slipping a date rape drug into your drink? The thought irks you, and so you steadily keep your eyes on him, watching for any \"subtle\" movements he might make. Fortunately, he doesn't make any—not any that you noticed, anyway—and he's already handing you a bottle of Coors Light. Not the first choice you would have made, but it would be rude to refuse him. You take the bottle from his outstretched arm, noticing the word \"gamble\" tattooed along it in black ink. \"'Gamble'\", you mutter to yourself and his eyes are automatically geared towards you. It's an unusual response, so you ask, \"is that your name, or your hobby?\" The man gives you that same dark smirk he had given you earlier. It's a playful smirk, but one that hides something more to it behind it, something you can't put your finger on. \"Both,\" he teases in response to your question. \"Actually, my name's Brian Gamble.\" You introduce yourself as well, and now that the two of you have become more familiar, Gamble decides to take up that empty bar stool next to you, still keeping his back pressed up against the table. Some of the other bar inhabitants are cheering over a game of pool being played. Gamble grins in support of them. After awhile, he directs his attention back to you. \"You here with anyone?\" \"No, no. I just came here to drown my sorrows,\" you unemotionally answer, taking a sip of your drink with your eyes continuously glued to the beer bottles. Gamble chuckles softly. \"You, drowning your sorrows?\" He finally turns so that his body is facing you. \"Sweetie, what's there to be sad about?\" \"Well, let me ask you something.\" \"Shoot.\" You take your index finger and circle the rim of the bottle, before turning to him, and ask, \"what's there to be happy about?\" He stares at you for a moment, caught off guard, before he sharply inhales and replies, \"you got me there.\" The two of you remain seated in silence. It would be complete silence if it were not for Gamble constantly tapping his fingers, or constantly facing back and forth between you and the pool game happening behind you both. Does he have a low attention span or something? Regardless of his behaviour, you continue to guzzle down your drink until it's finally finished. \"Wanna play some pool?\" Gamble tussles his hair a bit as he glances over at you. Hesitantly, you direct your sight to the group of people at the pool table, noticing the women with their tight, low-cut t-shirts and the men with their muscular builds and tank tops. That isn't to say Gamble isn't muscular. After all, ever since he came to join you at the bar, you couldn't help but notice the ways his triceps pop against his black t-shirt, but Gamble's muscular arms aside, they aren't normally the kind of people you associate with. And you know you can't possibly fit in with them. Therefore, you decline. Gamble grips the back of his neck with one hand at your response. \"You're tough to crack,\" he whispers. A large, dark man approaches the two of you, hauling a billiard stick at Gamble. He catches it, looks at you in case you might change your mind, and when you don't, he stands up and walks with the man over to the pool table. Since you've finished your drink, you figure it can't hurt to watch the game from where you're sitting, so you slide yourself around and focus in on the action. Gamble and the man are facing each other. The game doesn't last long though. Gamble ends up winning, and he gives off that famous smirk as the people around him begin to cheer. You notice his cell phone must be going off from where he's standing because he reaches into his pocket and pulls it out, checking the number as he does so. Gamble's face suddenly goes serious, an expression you had never witnessed until now, and it piques your interest. You continue to observe him as he places the billiard stick on the table, disregarding the other players while he grabs his coat from a nearby seat and makes his way towards the entrance. Obviously it isn't a good idea to spy on someone while they appear to be in what looks like a private phone call, but you can't help yourself. Gamble has been so aloof the whole time that seeing a different side of him is fun. So you leave a few dollars in tips for the bartender and exit the bar as well. A cool evening breeze greets you as the door pushes open and you make your way into the parking lot. Gamble isn't too far ahead; in fact, you can make out a lot of what he's saying from where you are, so you keep yourself plastered to the outside wall of the bar, listening in. \"T.J, we went over this already. You know what you need to do tomorrow, right?\" He pauses. \"Yeah, just make sure you walk outside with the rest of the S.W.A.T team, and keep Montel covered when I shoot at the helicopter. That $100 million is as good as ours.\" Pause. \"Yeah, I'll be there on time, don't worry about me.\" He hangs up the phone and breathes in deeply. The words \"shoot at the helicopter\" resound inside your head. Gamble approaches a dark coloured car and reaches to open the driver's door, but he stops abruptly. You think maybe he's caught sight of you, but the shadows of the building and darkness of the night should conceal your appearance. However, you thought wrong, because Gamble suddenly calls out: \"how much of that did you hear?\" You remain silent, glued to the wall, hoping he'll think he imagined it and continue into his car. He whistles and starts walking over to your direction. \"I said, how much of that did you hear?\" Looks like you can't play dead anymore. \"Everything,\" you answer confidently. Gamble chuckles as he awkwardly scratches his head. \"That, uh, that conversation wasn't meant to be heard.\" \"Well, what part do you want me start with,\" you smugly ponder, \"the helicopter, or the $100 million?\" Suddenly, he pushes you up against the wall, hard, but not too violently, and twirls a strand of your hair between his thumb and index finger. He leans in closer so that your lips are nearly touching and whispers, \"what can you do that's worth a hundred mil?\", and for once, you're at a loss for words. He smirks darkly at you, biting his lower lip. \"If you join me, I'll cut you in on our profits. All you gotta do is some research.\" \"Research?\" you repeat. One of his hands is now snaking up and down your waist, but you refuse to break eye contact. \"Me and some buddies are doing a hit tomorrow,\" he explains, \"so I want you to research possible escape routes. Just small things like that.\" You don't have time to answer because he loosens his grip off of you and begins to make his way back to his car. \"Don't think I didn't know who you were when I saw you at the bar,\" he calls back at you, \"I'm coming back for you tomorrow.\" With that, Gamble climbs into his car and drives off into the night, leaving you to examine his words while the sound of his car's reeving engine echoes in your ears. ","Summary":" This story is written kind of differently. It's supposed to be written from a \"you\" perspective; "},{"Movie":"SWAT","Title":"You're all I need","Author":"wrongaccount","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8529856","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Short one shot I thought I'd do while watching S.W.A.T. Turns out it was more of a distraction but I got it done. It's not my best piece of work but please read and review. \"Are you insane Brian?\" Ronnie Goodwin looked at her boyfriend, Brian Gamble, like he was crazy. \"This is insanity. You could go to prison for this!\" \"Have you forgotten what I use to do for a living?\" He asked her. \"We could be millionaires if I went through with this. You can finally have your dream wedding. We can live anywhere in the world you want to live. We could settle in Italy.\" He knew Italy was somewhere Ronnie had always dreamed of living. \"And you'll be on America's most wanted list. I'd rather live in this dump of a house then have every government agency after you,\" she frowned at him. \"It's a lot of money Ronnie,\" he said looking at her. \"I'm not getting through to you am I?\" she asked him. He looked at her but didn't saying anything. \"I guess it doesn't matter what I say does it? You're still going to do it.\" \"This is my chance to get back at SWAT,\" he said. \"You were the one that quit Brian,\" she pointed out. \"They were going to demote me to the gun cage.\" He was trying to remain calm. \"You shot a hostage!\" \"I saved her life!\" Brian defended himself. \"But you shot her!\" \"Babe, think about it - one million dollars, Italy, not having to work again, your dream wedding.\" he changed the subject back to the plan, trying to convince her still. \"You're not going to convince me, Brian. You're being stupid but if you want to do this don't expect me to be here when you get back.\" she told him. He looked at her like she was the one now being insane. \"Ronnie…\" \"Don't look at me like that. You're the one with the insane idea. If you go through with it I don't want to be with America's Most Wanted.\" She went to take the ring off but Brian stopped her. \"Ronnie, don't!\" He grabbed hold of her hand, stopping her from taking off the engagement ring he had spent all his savings on. \"Brian I love you but I can't stick by you if you're going to do this.\" she told him. \"I can't lose you, Ronnie.\" \"But you're going to if you go through with this stupid plan.\" She didn't want to leave him. She wanted him to forget about the crazy idea of having one million dollars because he helped a fugitive escape prison. \"I won't go through with it, just don't leave me please?\" he practically begged her. She sighed hoping he wasn't lying. \"If I find out you're lying, it's over.\" \"Have I ever lied to you before?\" he asked her. She shook her head, \"No.\" \"And I wouldn't start lying to you now.\" He told her pulling her to him. \"I love you. All I wanted to do is give you everything you want. One day I'll give you your dream wedding and we'll go to Italy for our honeymoon. We'll do everything and anything you want to do.\" It was true that he had never lied to her until now. He had no intention of giving up on the one million dollars. He wanted to do it for her. He wanted to give her everything she wanted, starting with moving to Italy and giving her, her dream wedding. She deserved it after putting up with him for the last few months. \"I love you too but forget Italy, forget my dream wedding. I don't care if we get married down at city hall. As long as I am marrying you, it's all that matters. I already have everything I want.\" she told him. He smiled, stroking her cheek with his thumb. She smiled and kissed him. She pulled away but kept her lips close to his. \"You're all I need, Brian Gamble, you're my everything.\" She told him before crashing her lips to his once more. ","Summary":" Short one shot I thought I'd do while watching S.W.A.T. Turns out it was more of a distraction but "},{"Movie":"SWAT","Title":"Dynamic Duo","Author":"OnceUponACaskett","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6936507","Passage":"[Chapter 1] For officer Jim Street, the day was definitely turning out better than he originally thought it would. When Hondo had come to him that morning and told him that Street was to drive him around that day, Street thought that it would be boring as hell. But actually, it turned out to be quite the opposite so far. The first stop they made, to find a Deacon Kaye so Hondo could ask him to be on his new SWAT team, Street ended up chasing down a criminal alongside of Deke. Then, after confirming that Deke would be on Hondo's team, Street got some good entertainment for the first time in over six months. That guy, David Burress who was next on the list, was just downright weird. Hondo was right: how the hell can you trust a guy who won't eat a good old-fashioned American hotdog? Now Street was driving him and Hondo to the hospital so that Hondo could ask another guy-Sanchez was it?-to be on his team. He pulled into the parking lot and found the first empty space that he could find. Street followed Hondo into the building and stood back as Hondo talked to a nurse at the counter. \"I'm looking for an injured officer, name of Sanchez. Chris Sanchez,\" he said. The nurse checked her computer and replied, \"Room five. In the corner.\" She pointed to where she was talking about and the two men began walking in that direction. Hondo and Street walked over to another officer standing next to a Latino man sitting in a wheelchair who looked pretty beat up. The officer had his thumbs hooked on his belt and asked Hondo, \"What do you need, sarge?\" \" You Sanchez's partner?\" Hondo asked the officer. The guy just nodded his head and Hondo gestured at the Latino in the wheelchair. \"Sanchez do that?\" Again the guy nodded his head. Hondo looked very interested after that and inquired, \"You help?\" Finally the officer spoke and said, \"No, sarge,\" wile shaking his head ","Summary":" For officer Jim Street, the day was definitely turning out better than he originally thought it wou"},{"Movie":"SWAT","Title":"You're Either SWAT, or You're Not!","Author":"PeoplePerson","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2921099","Passage":"[Chapter 1] You'reneither SWAT, or your not! Summary:nBit of sentimental rubbish post-movie. Disclaimer:nDon't own any of these characters. Wish I did, I'd make anothernmovie, meet all the actors from the last one. Sergeant Hondo Harrelsonnwatched his team, silently, glad to have them back together. Well,nalmost. There was, of course, the notable exception of TJ, but hencould work around that. He just hoped that the others could.nEspecially Boxer and Street. They had known him for a long time andnhe had been like a brother to Boxer. Boxer. Now there was a greatnman. The man had survived a gunshot to the neck, and was stillnfighting fit and ready to work on a SWAT team. Hondo didn't think hencould do that. Not even him. Boxer was truly something else. The team was fooling aroundnnow, Boxer was grinning like a fool, under that silly mustache heninsisted on, as Sanchez pulled at his ears, making him look even morenstupid, as Deke and Street looked on, also grinning. As Hondonapproached they all looked up at him, faces expectant. \" Okay,\" He said,nknowing they wouldn't like his news, \" We're all officially back inntraining as of today, 'cos the brass think Boxer needs to get back innshape.\" \" Oh, c'mon off it man!\" \" You gotta been kiddingnme!\" \" F this, man.\" \" Fing brass!\" \" Boxer doesn't need to get back intonshape, he is innshape!\" Street punched Boxer in the shoulder, \"nSee?\" \" Hey,nman!\" Hondo held his arms up in mock surrender, \" It ain't me henhas to convince! I know he's in shape.\" \"nWell, actually... Hey man, I didn't mean it.\" The other three werenall over Boxer as soon as the words were out of his mouth, \" Heynguys! Gerroff! Hey! I mean it.\" And one by one two tough SWAT mennand one tough SWAT woman went flying as Boxer pushed them away,nrubbing his neck where he'd been shot. \" Hey!nYou okay?\" Sanchez asked, jumping up, playing mother hen as she sonoften had this past month. \" See?nTold you he didn't need to get into shape!\" Street laughed, pushingnhimself up from the floor. \"nThanks for your concern!\" Boxer said, \" And I'm fine Sanchez.\" \" Huh,nI don't need to be concerned about you, you always pull through.\"nStreet shot back. \"nYeah, he always has.\" Hondo agreed. Hensmiled, \" You know what they say, \" You're either SWAT, or yournnot!\" ","Summary":" You'reneither SWAT, or your not! Summary:nBit of sentimental rubbish post-movie. Disclaimer:nDon't "},{"Movie":"SWAT","Title":"He Loves Her","Author":"OnceUponACaskett","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6514244","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Here I was, sitting next to my brother's side in a goddamn hospital. I never wanted him to join the police force much less SWAT because I feared something might happen to him. And I'll be damned if something didn't. Mike got shot in the neck by some guy while escorting that millionaire Montel to SWAT headquarters. The rest of Mike's team is here with me standing around the bed. Well, maybe not all of them. Jim isn't here yet. From what I hear he's upstairs visiting another team member-what was his name? Oh, yeah! Chris was the guy's name. I can't wait to see Jim. I mean, I know I broke up with him, but the truth is I still love him. I haven't been able to stop thinking about him ever since and I just know he's been the same way. I look at the door real quick and then turn back to my brother. He's joking around with Hondo and Deke when I hear Deke say, \"Hey, Street, Sanchez! Glad you could make finally make it down to join the rest of us!\" I turn excitedly towards the door, ready to welcome Jim back into my waiting arms. But the sight I was greeted with, was definitely one I wasn't expecting. Quite the opposite in fact. I had been ready to see a broken, moping Jim Street who's eyes would light up at the sight of me. Instead, I see him come walking through the door, carrying a little girl on his right hip with his left arm around some Latino woman's shoulders. Who the hell did this woman think she was getting so friendly with my Jim? The little girl must've been hers because even a blind man could see the resemblance. I'd never seen Jim as happy as he was right now, standing with that woman. There was this look he got in his eyes every time he even so much as glanced her way. What was it? I felt my heart start to sink as I realized exactly what that look was. It was a look of love. He had never looked at me that way and from what could see right now, he never would. Finally, he seemed to notice I was there and he cleared his throat to speak. \"Hi.\" \"Hi,\" I said back. Jeez that sounded stupid. \"Um…Lara there's someone I'd like you to meet.\" He the turned to the woman and said, \"Chris this is Lara, Boxer's sister. Lara, I'd like you to meet my partner, Chris Sanchez. Wait…did he just say \"Chris?\" So that Chris dude Hondo and Deke were talking about wasn't a guy after all. She was a girl and their partner. JIM'S partner. Chris studied me for a moment and then extended her uninjured arm, hand waiting for mine to shake. I stared at her outstretched hand for a second and then placed mine into hers. \"It's nice to meet you, Chris,\" I lied. \"Nice to meet you too, Lara,\" she replied. Jim, noting the awkwardness of the situation apparently, then said, \"Ok, well, um…we just wanted to stop by real quick to see how you were doing, Boxer.\" \"Oh, besides the fact that I got shot in the neck, am laying in a hospital bed, and can't come back to work for about 6 weeks, I'm doing just fine,\" Mike said sarcastically. I heard Jim give out a short laugh and then say, \"Well, that's good, buddy. Glad to see you're alright.\" He looked at the little girl who was now asleep in his arms and told us, \"Anyway, we should really go. Eliza's been here nearly all day and as you can see, she needs to go to bed. And preferably not in my arms for the whole night.\" He and Chris said their goodbyes to us and headed for the door. On his way out, though, Jim caught my gaze and his expression told me everything I needed to know just then. My chance with him was done and long gone by now and he had a new girl to worry about. Two to be correct. But it also told me that he was sorry and that I should move on. I guess Jim's right. I'm gonna have to get over him. He knows that I will find someone worth my time and effort one day. But that doesn't ease the fact that I still love him. But he loves her. ","Summary":" Here I was, sitting next to my brother's side in a goddamn hospital. I never wanted him to join the"},{"Movie":"SWAT","Title":"Against","Author":"Kire23","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3908478","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Kyle Wells Mr.Ray English III 1st Block Against \"Jack Logan, Samantha Heart, and Rob Fitzgerald, come out with yournhands up, we have the building secure you will not escape\". I stoodnthere listening to the fat pigs that I once work for demanding I comenout and lay down to the system. The system that I once worked for andnthe system I have now broke. I looked over at Sam and Rob and saw itnin there eyes that they were scared and didn't want this to happen,nI tried to think of some simple words that would cheer them up butncouldn't. Instead I pulled two slug shells from my ammo pouch andnloaded them into my 12 gauge; I then pumped it to load it. Before Inwalked out of the room and go out guns blazing I looked over to whatnwas left of my crew that tried to help me pull off this great stunt. I tried to pull some soft sentimental words to my mouth to spew outnto them, but instead some bullshit came out instead, \"I don'tnexpect you guys to go all out with me, but remember what we did todaynwill go down in history as the people who believed the world owed usnsomething more.\" Rob looked at me and said \"don't worry Jack I will go all outnwith you, no matter what the outcome will be\". Rob then walked overnnext to Jack with a very calm relaxing look on his face. Sam looked up from her feet and spoke in scared trembling voice \"I'mnsorry Jack but I can't do this, I thought this would feel right butnit doesn't so I can't go on with you two\". She disarmed hernweapon and other equipment and sat in the corner of the room. Just before I kicked the door open, I wondered if I would have anynlast regrets, and what my family would think of me. Right after Inthought of that I started to think of the last 48 hours that lead upnto this point in time. \"Hey jack, are you ready, because if your not Ill ask Corey or Zachnto do it instead\", Mike said to Jack while gearing up. \"Don't worry about what I need to do, just worry about getting tona point were you can cover the team from afar\", Jack looked at thenrest of the team in the helicopter and gave them a thumbs up. Just asnJack gave them the thumbs up they all swung out of the chopper andninto the newly constructed grand royal casino to try and stop whatnwas called in as a robbery. Jack, Corey, Rob, and Zach broke through the glass window and securednthe hotel room they jumped into. Jack looked over to Rob, \"I neednyou to get the snake cam out and tell me if the hallway is safe or ifnwe need a flashy entrance\". Jack then looked over to Zach andnCorey, \"I need you two to make sure the radio channels are go, andnthat Samantha and Mike are ago\". Jack then walked over to the doornto see how rob was coming along. Zach and Corey both nodded and started to fool around with the radionequipment, once they had the equipment set they radioed in thencommand truck. Zach then looked over to Jack who was watching Robnlook into the hallway. Jack saw that Zach was flagging him down, he motioned that he wouldnbe there in few moments. \"Tell me Rob how does the hallway look\",nJack put on his head set and started to check in with the commandntruck. \"This is Jack Logan and Las-Vegas S.W.A.T, we have the roomnsecure and we, are ready to go\". A deep loud voice came out of the head set, \"you guys have thengreen light and permission to use live ammunition\". Rob looked up from the cam at Jack, \"the hallway is clear and wenare ready to move out\". Rob stood up from the door and put the restnof his gear on. Once geared up he gave his thumbs up sign to let jacknknow he was ready. Jack looked over to rob then the other two team member and saw theynwere ready to go. \"Let me radio in Mike and Sam to make sure theynare ready to go, then we can move out\", Jack pulled the headsetnback to his mouth. \"Mike, Sam if you two are set up and ready, thennlet us now se we can move out\", Jack looked like he was gettingnbothered over the dead air on the headset. A soft calming female voice came across the headset, \"Sam hear withnMike, We are both ready to move in from the top of the hotel\". Samnlooked over to Mike and nodded in a go motion. \"Mike we have thengreen light let's move out\", Mike kicked the door open and Samnfell in down the fleet of steps, looking down to make sure the costnwas clear. Mike soon followed Sam, once they were they got half wayndown they stopped at hallway door. Back in the room the other swat team member looked on at Jack,n\"alright guys the dove is in motion\". Jack pulled out a laptopnand tossed it towards Corey, \"ok since Sam will keep Mike busy,nthis will give us the chance to put this place in lock down and takenit for what it was worth\". Jack then pulled some maps and whatnlooked like a notebook full of nothing but key code passwords. \"RobnI need you to send Sam the codes she needs and that she has the greennlight to take Mike out, and Zach I need you to let are friends downnstairs know that we need them to hold off the other S.W.A.T teamsnthat will try to enter once they figure out what happens. Jack walkednover to the hotel room's couch and took a seat as he wait forneverything to be set up. Rob pulled out a PDA from one of the side pouches on his leg; he thennsent some file to another person via email. Once the PDA confirmed itnwas sent he looked up at Jack, \"the dove has her orders and thengreen light on Mike\". Rob then pulled his once badge of honor offnof his gear and tossed it to the ground. Zach was busy yelling at the radio while Corey was punching numbersninto a computer program. Once a green light started to flash on thencomputer screen, Corey immediately looked over towards Jack. \"Alrightnsir the hotel is ready to be secure\", Corey then walked the laptopnover to Jack so he could set up the rest of operation. Zach turned around and looked at Jack, \"sirs are friends down onnthe first level are ready to go\". Zach then took a seat on thenother side of the room as he waited for Jack to give out the rest ofnthe orders. Back on the upper levels of the hotel room Sam and Mike were slowlynmaking there way towards the lower level of the hotel. Sam felt hernPDA vibrating in her side pocket, she signaled for Mike to hold. Shenflipped open the PDA and saw the codes for the vault and othernsecurity based things were there, she then say she had the greennlight to take her husband Mike down so he didn't try to stop therenoperation. \"Mike when we got married what made you want to transfer to thensame squad as me\", Sam said as she was fumbling around in her ammonpouch looking for a specific bullet. Mike looked at her with a puzzled look on his face, \"I don't knownbecause I thought I could look after you better if we were on thensame squad\". Mike felt like something was going on when she askednhim that so it sent him into a sort of panic mode. \"Tell me isnthere something going on that I don't know about\", Mike put hisnheadset on and was preparing to call in HQ. \"This is Mike Heart, Inthink there is some sort of unknown operation going on here and morenback up might be needed\", Mike put his headset down and turned tonface Samantha who had a 45. Magnum pointed at his chest. \"I'm sorry Mike but there are things going on, that were set innmotion before we even met\". She pulled the trigger and watched Mikenfall to the ground. She then leaned down to Mike's body and gavenhim a kiss on the lips. \"Don't worry baby that was bullet made tonknock you out for an hour or two\", she then heard Jack yelling atnher from her headset. \"Sam are you, there respond, we want to know if you have taken mikendown and are head for the main security room\", the radio clickednoff. \"Yes Jack I'm here and Mike is down, I will have the control roomnin 5 minutes, I suggest you put the building in lock down so we don'tnhave anyone from the outside trying to interfere\". Sam clicked thenradio off and headed down the upper levels of the hotel towards thenmain security room. Jack pulled the laptop to him, and opened a program on it that had anbunch of random numbers going up and down the screen. He then punchednin a code into the program and watched as the numbers started to movendown the screen at a much faster rate, after the numbers stopped thenhotel started to shake a bit. The windows were soon covered with a metal barricade and the mainnentrance doors along with the lower level ones were sealed with bothna metal door and steal bars. Once the hotel was seal the entire LasnVegas police department went into panic mode and tried to figure anway to get another team in. the chief of police tried to pick up thenteam he had sent in but kept pulling up nothing but really badnelevator music on the two ways. Jack set the laptop to the side, \"alright boys lets rob this bitchnfor everything she's worth, Rob you come with me, Corey and Zach Inwant you two to meet up with Sam and keep an eye on the place\".nJack picked up his gear and walked towards the door. Jack started tonwalk out the door and down the hallways of the hotel, Rob followed innsuit with him, Zach and Corey followed soon after, heading for Sam. In the Hallway were Mikes unconscious body was, he started to movenaround and groan as he tried to get up to his feet. Mike pullednhimself up against the hallway wall; he slowly pushed one of thenrooms open and stumbled into it. He pulled his gear off and tossed onnthe bed, Mike then pulled his radio out and sat it up to try and getnsomeone on who could help him. Mike kept getting nothing but shittynelevator music on the radio, so he picked it up \"piece of shit\"nand tossed it up against the wall. Mike sat on the bed trying tonfigure out what his next move would be since he had no radio and nonway of knowing what the hell was going on. Sam was running down the hallway with great haste, she came do anlarge steel door that had a key code and card slot for it. She pullednout a card and her PDA with the required codes, she then inserted thencard, and watched as the card fooled the system and the codesnunlocked the doors. The door opened and let out a hiss of air as it slowly opened; Samnshowed a large amount of happiness in her eyes once the door opened.n\"Bingo\" she clicked on her headset, \"alright Jack I'm in thenmain control room and I'm setting up as we speak\". She turned thenheadset off and set her laptop into the hotels main computer andnstarted to take over all the hotels main security functions. Once thenprogram was done, Sam started to re-do all of the hotels mainnsecurity features. Jack picked up his headset the minute he heard Sam speak, \"alrightnSam lets us know when you have full control of the vault\". Jacknlooked over to Rob \"well my good sir we are about to get thenbiggest raise in this life time\", Rob nodded in agreement as theynworked there way towards the hotels security vault. Back out side the hotel, the rest of the police force was trying tonfind a way into the hotel. Sadly all of the roads lead to overridingnthe control room but the down fall was you had to be in there to donso. The police found an open radio channel that they tried to use tonpick someone up in from the hotel with. \"Alpha team do you copy,nthis is station operator one, if you copy answer now and give us yournstatus\", the radio clicked off leaving nothing but dead air as itnwaited for a reply from someone. Mike who was busy trying to figure out what went down heard thenoperator come through, he immediately grabbed the head set andnstarted to speak to the operator. \"This is Mike Heart, the statusnof my squad is unknown, the most likely scenario is they have gone anwall and are planning to rob the casino vault, I would like fullnpermeation to seek and eliminate all treating members of my team\",nmike sat the headset down waiting for a response. The operator looked over at his supervisor, and he gave him the gonsign to give to Mike. \"Alright mike you have full permeation to go,nplease be advised if you come across the chance to open the hotelnback up please do so\". The operator turned the channel off beforensomeone else picked them up. The minute Mike got the go sign he was out of the room like a mad mannon a mission. \"I don't know what went through your mind Jack butnyou're going down\", Mike clicked the safety off his M4nCarbine, and picked his pace up. Zach and Corey walked into the main control room withnsam and started to scan the security cameras. \"Shit\" Corey saidnwhile looking at one of the cameras, \"we have a serious issue\".nHe pulled up the camera he was looking at on all of the othernmoniters, \"Jack we have a problem it looks, Sam didn't kill Mikenand he's Heading are way\". \"What you mean he wasn't Killed, shit, Take him out now before henbecomes a issue\", Jack and rob started to move faster till thenreached the main evavator. \"Tell Sam were at the evlevator and werengoing to need the vault unlocked soon\", Jack cliked the radio offnand prepared to open the evelvator. \"Will do Jack\", Corey signaled for Zach to move out into thenhallway to try and stop Mike. Corey then looked over at Sam \"Jacknwants you to open the valut up now and make sure that are friendsndown stairs will be ready when we open the main doors\". Coreynwalked out of the control room to go help Zach deal with Mike, andnhope he didn't jepradize there operation. Mike was just about to cut the conner to the mainncontrol room till he heard bullets whiz by the hallway cornner. Mikenstoped and but his body up against the wall and set himself up so hencould peak across the corner and pick off what he could. Corey andnZach took cover and were just pouring out bullets from there M-16 atnthe corner Mike was at. Mike not knowing what to do tossed a flashnbang down the hallway and waited for it to go off. \"Shit\" Zach said as the flash bang went offninfront of him and Corey, Zach and Corey fell to the ground trying tonregain their vision. \"Bingo\" Mike said, as soon as Zach and Corey were down, Mike movenin and killed them with headshots. He then moved towards the mainncontrol room, He slowly looked around from outside the door to see ifnhe could see anything. Since Mike thought the cost was clear he movedninto the room, only to be jumped by Sam from above. Mike tried tontake her down with a shot to the upper torso but missed as she kickednthe gun away from him. He took a few steps back and looked at her,n\"tell why are you doing this, we could have been happy with onenanother but instead you screw it all up by trying to rob somethingnthat we are sent to protect\", Mike pulled a knife from his side. Sam looked at him, \"I do love you, but I love Jack more, and Inswore to myself I would follow him till the end of time\". Shenpulled her 9mm out and shot a bullet right past Mike that grazed hisnleft arm, \"that was a warning shot, the next one will kill you,nJack the vault is ready and the main door to the hotel will benopening in 5 minutes, so I will meet you at the valut in 3\". Samnmoved towards the back off the room still keeping her gun pointed atnMike, she then stepped into a evlevator the lead to the hotel vault. Mike grabbed onto his arm and watched the person henthought he loved vanish into the abyss. Once she was gone Mike wappednthe part of his arm up that was grazzed by the bullet. He then pickednup his headset \"operator please warn the other teams that you arensending into the hotel to watch out for enemy insurgents, I beliventhere at least 26 of them from what I canntell, this is Mike over and out\". Mike walked over to the mainncontrol system, he then started to open up all of the doors and othernsecurtiy looks, once the system was back undercontrol he watchednother swat teams enter the building and engage the insurgents. A bellnrang that let Mike know the evelvator was ready for full usage again,nso he stepped in and headed for the valut. Sam was standing next to Jack and rob as they openednthe valut up, Jack looked over to Sam, \"I'mnsorry that you had to take him down but it had to be done\". Jackneyes shot up with joy the minute the valut started to open up, \"wellnladies and gentel men prepare to enjoy more money then we have evernseen in are life times\". Jack walked in and Rob and Sam followed innsuit. The minute they walked in Rob closed the door for securitynmeasures. Jack looked around only to have his hopes shoot down, \"what thenhell is this shit, its nothing but godam casino chips, were the hellnis the money\". A voice could be heard from outside the valut. \"Didn't you know Jack they don't keep the cashnin the valut, they store it in another hotel, now Jack Logan,nSamantha Heart, and Rob Fitzgerald, come out with your hands up, wenhave the building secure you will not escape\". Mike waited for themnto reply but they refused to answer, so he took there act of silencenas we aren't going down with out a fight. So Mike strapped some C-4nto the vault door and took some steps back as he prepared to blow itnoff. Jack was swearing his head off, he then looked over to Sam, \"Inthought you killed that asshole\", he was so pissed of he pulled anknife from his vest and trough it right into Sam's head, her bodynfell to the ground and went cold as blood spewed from her forehead.nHe then looked over to rob, \"Mike is no push over so watch you'renself\", and Jack took cover behind a cage for the chips while Robnstood next to the door. Mike detonated the C-4 and watched as it blew the door off and sentnit flying into the vault room. Mike pulled his carbine up and dashednto the side of the door, he then noticed Rob getting ready to unpin anfrag and toss it into the other room. So mike put a bullet right innhis heart, and watched as he fell to the ground dead. \"alright JacknI know you suck at firing a gun so give up know and you wont have tondie\", Mike peaked in only to see jack fire a shotgun shell and missnhorribly. \"Rot in hell mike there is no way I'm going down with out takingnyou with me\", Jack pulled a revolver from his back pocket. He thenntossed his shotgun out towards mike to make him think he was out ofnammo. He kept his revolver hidden to his back hoping to draw mike outnso he could out a bullet right in his head. Mike saw him toss the shotgun down, so he tossed his M-4 carbinendown, but Mike was no fool and pulled out his 45. Colt, he then spunnright out in the open and pulled the trigger. Sending a magnum bulletnright into the torso of Jack, sending him right down to the groundnand making him drop his gun. \"I'm sorry it came down to thisnJack\", Mike pulled his headset up, \"This is Mike heart, all thentangos have been taken down, the main antagonist Jack Logan is stillnalive, send a med unit down now, over and out\". Mike looked at Jacknas he lied there in pain and bleed on the floor, \"my god have mercynon your soul, and may the devil welcome you to hell with open arms\",nMike started to walk towards the elevator. Jack grabbed onto his wound trying to stop the bleeding, he thennshouted towards Mike, \"there is no god you fool otherwise he wouldnhave stopped me along time ago, and don't worry when I get to hellnI will save a seat just for you\". He then started to cough upnblood, as the medical unit came in to try and save his life. Mike walked out with out even looking back at him, once he got to thenmain floor he was greeted by the chief of police. He looked at thenchief of police, \"get the hell away from me, I don't need to benthanked for what I did\", he then started to walk out towards thenmain door before stopping to say one more thing, \"oh yhea before Inforget I quit\", he then left the building. The chief of policenstood there shell shocked, yet not surprised for the fact deep downnhe knew what Mike was feeling. A few months after what went down in Las Vegas, made Mike leave thenswat team, and open his on PI business out in LA, were he now takesnon cases of any size. As for Jack Logan he know sits in a maximumnsecurity prison waiting for his court date, he also sits therenwondering if he will ever be able to get revenge on Mike Heart. ","Summary":" Kyle Wells Mr.Ray English III 1st Block Against \"Jack Logan, Samantha Heart, and Rob Fitzgerald, c"},{"Movie":"SWAT","Title":"A Single Shot","Author":"OnceUponACaskett","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6936122","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Gamble! Let her go!\" I yelled. \"Take a shot, Jimbo!\" Gamble yelled back. I could hear the taunting in his voice as he knew I wouldn't shoot at him while he had a hostage. The traitorous bastard kept backing up to the edge of bridge and all my concentration was on him. I was actually considering pulling a Gamble and shooting the lady in the shoulder just so I could bring him down. Watching Gamble creep slowly towards his freedom, I didn't take note of what was happening behind me. That is, until I heard Deke shout, \"Sanchez is down!\" My heart literally stopped beating and a lump caught in my throat as I whirled around. Seeing her on the ground with Deke standing over, all I could manage to say was her name, \"Sanchez.\" She's barely moving and all I can think about is what the fuck I am going to say to her daughter when I have to explain this to her. No Street, don't think like that , I tell myself. She's gonna be just fine. She's Chris Sanchez, she always is. It's amazing just how much can happen in only one day. 24 hours ago, I was sitting across a table from the most beautiful woman I'd ever laid eyes on. She was asking me what the real thing in SWAT is like and then Gamble comes over to ruin our evening. This morning, Sanchez and I were having a blast at her kid's birthday party. And now, she's got a bullet somewhere in her-I don't even know where she got shot- and I have to decide whether or not to just let Gamble go free so I can get to Sanchez. The day certainly didn't turn out the way I expected it to. All three of us, Hondo, Deke, and me, are stunned by the fact that Sanchez is down, but luckily, Hondo gets over it pretty quickly. Hondo glances down at Sanchez for a moment before turning his gaze on me. Still, staring at Sanchez and wondering how I could let this happen to her, I barely register Hondo's voice shouting at me. \"Go get him!\" I hear him yell. Finally breaking my stare on Sanchez, I look up at Hondo and remember that there is still a job to be done. Sparing a fleeting glance a Sanchez again, I nod my head and run over to the edge of the bridge where Gamble had been. Looking over the edge, I realize the he has a rope tied to the woman who's sitting on the ground. So that's how he got down I say in my head. \"Sorry, ma'am,\" I tell the woman, \"but I've gotta go too.\" I tie myself to the rope and I climb over the bridge's railing. As leap off the side, I can't help but pray to God that Sanchez will be okay. ","Summary":" \"Gamble! Let her go!\" I yelled. \"Take a shot, Jimbo!\" Gamble yelled back. I could hear the taun"},{"Movie":"Lords of Dogtown","Title":"baby","Author":"schuyler S","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4759089","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AN:Indon't own Lords of dog town only my original characters Aphroditen\"Baby\",Nico and Evie sorry read&review; please it would makenmy day and please be honest. Thanks 3 Schuyler P.S(longernchapters coming!) BABY Asnwe pulled Close to the shop Nicolas grabbed my hand and gave it ansqueeze\"nervous\" he guessed \" yeah,you?\"nah\" We got out ofnthe car and pulled the door open \"Hey babies\" Skip our fatherngreeted us with a hug \"Hey.\" me and Nicolas said in unison\"SonI see you still have the twins powers.\" we laughed at that \"yeah.nwe said together. \"you ready to surf?\" we nodded and grabbed ournboards the Sun still hadn't made its appearance yet we arrived at thencove\"Go\"he gestured towards the waves we smiled at each other andntook off toward the water racing I charged toward the wavenfirst,beating Nico he flipped me off I mouthed love you too andngiggled I went through the wave smooth and fast, Nico had the samenstyle but showed off more. Wengot out of the water Skip had a proud smile on his face\"How'd we donskipper?\" I said smugly Nico laughed at my tone he didn't answer menhe knew I had already gotten my answer by his smile he drove us backntoward Zeypher shop A big group of guys was outside skating I walkednright past them catching there attention. I looked to my side at Niconwho looked at me confused then smiled once he realized what was gonnanhappen. Just then I felt someone grab my butt I spun around knowingnwho'd it be. Jay. Thenlast time I had seen Jay was when we were six it was now 7 years agonjay was my best friend he was like my brother, Philane was more of anmother to me than mine could ever be.\"hey sexy what's your name\"nI started giggling hysterically \"Baby\"I manged between gigglesnhis eyes widened then roamed over my body I did the same his hair wasnreally blonde his skin tan he was shirtless with a decent build morenthan a thirteen year old should have his green eyes smolderingn\"b-bu-but you\"he stuttered \"I'm back\"I finished for him henpulled me into a hug slinking his arms around my waste and burringnhis head in my hair,my reaction however caught me off guard. Hisntouch sent tingles down my spine he smelled like the ocean fresh andnclean,he was gorgeous I pushed him off me grabbed his skateboardnand took off he laughed and grabbed a boy with long brown hair'snskateboard and caught up to me pushing me down we broke out intonlaughter and just layed there. JaynPOV Angirl with long blonde almost white hair walked past us she was hot Infallowed her and smacked her butt, she was wearing short shortncutoffs and a purple lace top showing off her tan stomach and sandalsnwhen she turned around her long hair twirled she smiled so Inbegan.\"hey sexy whats your name?\". and licked my lips\"Baby\"nshe answered laughing. What it cant be it just cant be there is nonway its her it cant be! She left years ago she's gone, I looked intonher eyes they were the biggest eyes I had ever seen there were brownnher lashes swept across her cheek It was her Aphrodite Engblom shenlooked up at me her nose wrinkled and the corners of her mouthnturned upward into a beautiful smile \"b-bu-but you\" I saidnstupidly at a loss for words she finished giving me an answer \"I'mnback\". Inpulled her into a hug my arms slung around her waist my head wrestingnon her shoulder she smelled like vanilla and sun if thats possiblenshe felt so right in my arms my\"baby\" my nickname for her whennwe were kids because I couldn't say her name. She was so skinny shenhad to be 70 pounds at 5'4 she was like a baby she pushed me off herngetting that mischievous look on her face when we were little whennshe had a plan for trouble. She was playfully laughing and grabbingnmy board and starting to skate off I ran after grabbing Sid's boardnfallowing her I grabbed her waist pulling her down and lay there onntop of her buried in her white hair counting her freckles on hernnose. Ah how I missed her.[Chapter 2] heynguys please read and review it would be greatly appreciated alreadynworking on next chapter up soon please tell me what you think of mynOC's Baby,chapter 2 Inwas tired so I skipped surfing I could hear Nico shuffling to getnready And when I was asleep he threw my stuffed bunny Lulu at men\"hey!\" I yelled. \"Can I barrow your surfboard?\" \"yeah whatsnwrong with yours?\" \"nothing I just wanted to bug you\" \"Nico!\"nI heard him laugh then leave with Skip. Inwoke up a couple hours later and threw on a brown corshed spaghettinstrap that showed off my stomach and holey cutoffs and dark blue lacenup vans and brushed through my hair Laterna guy came in \"you got my stuff?\" he addressed skip,skip noticedna guy looking at the surfboards. \"hey its ten bucks to browse so...nyou got ten bucks?\" \"I didn't bring any money today.\" The guynsaid stupidly. \"Then why'd you come in my store asshole?\" \"sorrynthe guys said and started backing out. \"go browse in the valleynkook\"Chino added harshly. I walked to the back room and layed downnon the couch when I heard someone come up to me I looked up. \"Stescyk!\"nI screamed \"I've missed you\" I addressed a long haired hippy withnan antique camera around his neck. I hugged him he pulled away and henput his camera up and I posed for the camera smiling. \"beautiful\"nhe commented. Stescyk was my god- father he was always so creativenhe made the coolest designs on my surfboards. \"well better make annappearance at school\"and left the shop. whennI got to school I checked the schedule I had already missed 1 and 2nperiod so I walked to 3rd It was algebra as I sat down mynbag clunked on the table causing the girl next to me to look up fromnher paper. I smiled at her brightly she smiled back shyly \"Hi I'mnEvie Kipp\" \"Aphrodite\" \"Are you new?\" \"yeah I just movednback to my fathers Shop\"I looked at her clothes she was obviously anVal by her clothes She had short brown hair that went to hernshoulders and a pale complexion I pulled my long hair into a highnponytail on the crown of my head and started doodling drawing a dovenon the the corner of the desk \"Thats really good\"she commented onnmy drawing \"Thanks\" I smiled. I pulled out my skateboard andnshowed her my drawing of a dove on my board that I carved in therenwith knife and other little doodles then I noticed other littleninscribing like Jay boy carved his name in there and wentzle andnbiniak and red dog and my Peggy and of coarse Nico. Justnthen Jay started making faces in the window making me laugh Evienturned her head and started laughing when Jay made a big rat face atnme \"who is that?\" \"Oh thats just my friend Jay\" I said justnthen,Tony pushed him and he went running after him \"look you seemnnice and I was wondering if you wanted to eat lunch with me?\" \"nyeah sure\" I agreed and smiled she smiled back Just then Jay wentnback to the window and pulled up his shirt and mouthed \"you knownyou want this\"I started laughing Atnlunch me and Evie walked to the Parking lot \"Hey my sister's gonnandrive us is that cool?\" \"Yeah\" I agreed when we got to the carnher sister was leaning on a car with two other girls on either sidenof her she had a Chanel bag on her shoulder and sunglasses on hernnose she looked me up from my beat up blue vans to my cutoff shortsnand my reviling shirt she looked threatened \"Who's the dog?\"shensaid and smiled \"excuse me?\" I said bewildered \"well that whatnwe call the trash from Dogtown\" she said disgusted. \"Leslie!\"Eviensaid embarrassed \"please\" \"In out of here\" and startednskating off I got a block when Evie finally caught up to me runningn\"stop let me explain\" \"OK\" I jumped off my board and lookednat her. \"Well you my sister is really stuck up and stupid sonreally don't listen to her your the nicest person Ive met in a longntime and sorry about Leslie she is probably just jealous\" she saidnrushed \"Its fineIm not little girl it dosent hurt my feelings\". Inshrugged \"Thanks\"shensmiled, \"so do you want to grab a bite\" I nodded we walked to thenclosest diner and sat down Wenwere headed to Zephyr she looked nervous \"I've never been to thisnside of town before is it safe?\"she said nervously \"not reallynbut I know how to handle myself so you will be fine I grew upnhere\"she nodded Wenwalked in the front when all of sudden jay came up to me \"look atnthese babe there made from urethane\"And he was holding a yellownskateboard wheel. \"Ura- what?\" I joked Evie laughed We went tonMara Vista elementary Skip drove us in The ghost And the boysnskateboarded down there We was sitting on a picnic table.\"whats sonspecial about the board?\"Evie asked \"Watch\"I said simply We Insaw the boys get there and climb the fence \"Who's got badnkarma?\"skip slurred \"I said who's got bad karma?\" \"Inhave worst Karma.\" Biniak yelled \"rightnhere Skipper\"red dog yelled \"Beatnyou to it fagots\" tony gloated snatching the board with the newnwheels on it and surfing the concrete like a wave and doing Bert'snperfectly and smooth. It was amazing the next one to have the boardnwas Jay boy he tore it up and did a power slide right in front of mynfeet and did a Bert even better than Tony next was Stacy,and redndog,Biniak,Peggy, after Peggy was done she gave the board to me andnwhile I was riding they went up to Nico and started talking about menand teasing him \"Dude is that your sister?\" Stacy joked \"I grewnup Stacy\" I giggled \"yeah.\" he said \"No Shit\"Jay saidnlooking at my ass. \"I flipped them off and skated over to Peggy andnEvie. Insaw Kathy get on her board clumsily and skate she Obviously wasntrying to flirt with Stacy He was helping her skate Grabbing hernhands and waist till tony skated right between them and Stacy walkednoff. ThennI saw Nico get on the board Evie couldn't stop looking at him \"who'snhe?\" \"That my twin brother Nico\" I giggled \"Oh\" she blushedn\"so I see my new friend has a crush on thing two\" Peggy laughedn\"Thing?!\"I scoffed \"come on you two are like Identical if youndidnt have your long hair and boobs I wouldnt be able to tell yountwo apart\" she laughed. \"Hey Eve tomorrow were gonna go surfingnat P.O.P wanna watch?\" I asked \"you mean the old pier?\"she saidnsounding slightly confused. \"yep\" Peggy agreed. She nodded justnthen Jay came up behind me and rested his his head on my shoulder. \"Hey babe\"he spoke in my ear \"HeynJay bear\"I smiled. \"younwanna hang at my house Philane and Donny are dying to see you.\" \"Surenin a little while got to get Evie home first\" \"KaynBaby\"he skated off to Nico and started messing with him. \"HeynAphrodite I think your boy Jay likes you.\" She teased gigglingn\"does not he's like my brother\" \"whatever you say.\" she saidnsounding like she didn't believe one word I just said. \"Do younthink Jay loves me?\" I asked Kathy \"Duh I mean look at the way henlooks at you come on Barbie seriously?\" \"yeah I guess your right\"nI smiled ooOOOOOoo[Chapter 3] AsnI dressed in a light purple bikini I grabbed my wet suit and mynairbrushed purple board I threw a shoe at Nico \"dearest brothernyou care to join me?\"I smiled \"meet you there\"Nico smiled backn\"Kay\" I agreed and went and kissed Skip on the forehead. \"seen you there\"he slurred sleepily. Inleft I fallowed the directions Evie gave me and pulled up to a bignwhite house and climbed into the window she told me to. \"Aphrodite?\"n\"Yeah\" \"getting dressed which one?\"she held up two bikini's na light yellow one and a green one \"the yellow one\"I smiled \"n\"Hey is your dad outside?\"she asked \"no do you happen tonskate?\"I said hopefully \"definitely not but I do have a bike\"nshe suggested \"cool,lets roll\" and we climbed out the window. Whennwe arrived at pacific ocean pier I smiled the waves were big today. n \"You guys surf this?!\"Evie said sounding shocked. Justnthen Tony went charging toward a wave and rid it smooth Jay was nextnhe was different he cut through it fast and sharp doing cutbacks.nThen Nico he showed off a bit I was already in the water I did itnfast and freely I got out Peggy was sitting with her, Evie wasnlaughing just then Stacy charged toward a wave he bailed and the wavencrashed on top of him \"Ooooow\" I said sympathetically \"milk nncookies\" I head Montoya yell out just then Stacy recovered skipnwhistled to him \"Back to the bone yard for you pal\" Stacy walkednup looking disappointed and sat down next to me. I put my arm aroundnhis shoulder \"you still have prettier hair than me\" I joked henjust laughed and rolled his eyes. Oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo000 Laternwe were at the shop hanging out after Stacy left for work, \"heynmaggot's gather around\"Skip slurred he continued \"when yournriding for one of these shops around town...Yeah? \"Younmean a little fagot shop?\" Jay said like a smart ass \"yourngonna have off days\"he said ignoring Jays comment \"younhave an off day riding for this shop its treason.\" Stecyk added. \"Yeahnyou gotta approach every day like it's your last. all right? Skipnlooked around. \"anyone got a problem with that?\" I shook my head.nStecyk started calling names and throwing shirts at us. \"Peggy.\"n \" oh no way.\"she said excited. \"Takenoff your shirt,Peggy\"red dog yelled. Wentzle. \" Let'snsee them tater tots\" \"Shutnup\" we both pushed red dog. \"Jay,Biniak,Shogo,redndog\" \"Yeah man\"Shogo said excited. Stecykncontinued \"T.A, Baby Sid, Nico\" they all congratulated eachnother. \" Last probably least of all, Barbie\"I squealed and huggednJay boy I wasn't as shy as Peggy so I threw my Shirt off exposing mynTan skin and hot pink bra getting wolf whistles and hollers from eachnof the guys except from Nico, When I pulled the Zephyr shirt over mynhead my father looked me right in the eye a warning. don't ever donthat again look in his eyes I just laughed and waved him off. \"Wengot you gifts,I don't know why.\"Skip said sounding bored. And Billyngrabbed a bag we reached in and out came Skateboards. \"No way\"Sidncheered I grabbed a bright Red one. \"heynSkip you got one for Stacy right?\"Jay asked hopefully That broughtnStacy to the forefront of my mind I never thought he wasn't one of usnI mean I knew him since I was six years old he was like my oldernbrother like all the other Boys just more compassionate. Inleaned my head on Jay shoulder and he nodded,we could always do thatnhave conversations with our eyes sometimes Peggy or Tony or Stacynwould look at us weird and we stopped, But for some reason this timenI got lost in his green eyes and a weird expression crossed his facenI smiled at him and we started skating. Justnas I got outside red dog was skating and his board flew up andnsmashed a cop car window. \"Shit.\"Nico and I said together. Justnas I turned around Skip and the guys went running inside whilenyelling \"get the gate,get the gate\" we turned and ran and poundednon the gate the cop was yelling after us. The last thing I heard wasnskip \"It was suppose to keep them out of trouble man.\" \"Run pignrun\" I yelled back Jay started laughing so did Nico We startednskating faster and the Cop just gave up we took off down a back alleynway. Just when we crossed the street Biniak was Skating behind Sidn\"Speed wobble!\" Biniak screamed as loud as he could,Sid screamednand flew off his board just then jay crouched down and Biniak wasngoing too fast to stop and went flying over him into a trash can Instarted cracking up. \"Asshole.\" \"Dudenhe's got the inner ear problem.\" Jay defended Sid \"Sucknmy inner ear Jay boy.\"he said as he got up \"Fucknyou dick.\"Jay retorted as he skated forward. Wenwent down Jays street I saw Donny's van all packed I took a sharpnintake of breath and shot a knowing glance at Donny who looked backnhelplessly and shook his head. As we walked up the Stairs Mark wasncarrying Boxes When we walked in the door Philane Instantly perked up \"Younguys look bad as Shit look at you!\"She smiled she pulled Jay into anhug \"You get off me lady\"he tried smiling I could see her tearnstained cheeks she smiled when she saw me. \"Aphrodite look atnyou! Your so much older and hot,Right boys?\" \"yeah\"nwentzle,Shogo, Red dog,and Sid agreed \"prettynBitchin huh?\"Tony said pointing at his shirt. \"hey you guysnhungry?,there's Tamales in the kitchen\" the rest of the guys allnwent in the kitchen pretending nothing but I poked my head around thencorner watching them I saw Jay look around at the broken Items onnthe ground. \"What's going on?\"Philane just waved her arms weeklynin response on the verge of tears. Jay disappeared into the back roomnwhere Donny was moving boxes. Inwent to Philane and hugged her \"you know Barbie you really do lookngood and I'm so glad your back J.B really missed you sweetie\"shenwhispered in my ear \"thanks I really missed my second mother .\"n\"don't be so hard on your mommy baby,\" she said as she stroked mynhair \"She wasn't the greatest but she did love you guys she justndidn't know where to begin with you two.\" Just then Jay stormed outnof the room grabbing his skateboard. I ran after him so did Sid who Inlearned had become friends with him Sid was really good for Jay henwas goofy but sweet. \"Jay!\"he yelled \"he needs his time\" Insmiled \"come on\" I pulled Sid back inside as Jay skated off. ","Summary":" AN:Indon't own Lords of dog town only my original characters Aphroditen\"Baby\",Nico and Evie sorry"},{"Movie":"Lords of Dogtown","Title":"Hit and Run","Author":"Wasting words","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3832239","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Yes, another LoD story. Yay LoD ! Just so you know I'm more than prepared for angry threats of eye poking for not posting more chapters of Vulnerable and Foster Girl. No need to worry. I've not forgotten about them, I've just run out stuff to write about. So, hopefully, with Hit and Run being posted it will get me inspired to add more to my previous stories. Read and review, hopefully you'll enjoy this story as much as the last two! I groaned, pulling my black jeans over my bikini bottoms, with not even so much as an inkling to what happened last night. The standard party thing—i.e. me passing out after about two hours from over consumption but only after swimming in the ocean, half way drunk, in my bikini top and jeans. Lord only knows what other mischief occurred while I was in my peaceful nap, brought on by last nights inebriation. I swear there's a freaking day care in my head right now, with no attendant to stop chubby little children run wild, screeching at the top of their lungs, banging together pots and pans, and making other sorts of ruckus in newly found categories. That's how bad my hang over are, yet still, I'm a slave to the alcohol and often give into my less than healthy obsession to its bitter, scratchy taste. It's weird, I know, but I feel a great deal safer with alcohol flowing through out my veins, never mind the numerous times I've convinced myself that I was enabled with the ability to fly, thus resulting in me throwing myself off the roof, hollering like some sort of moron, a broken leg when coming in contact with the ground, and a two month grounding sentence. My parents (The Enforcers as I like to call them) have some sort of deal with my party animal ways. Can't say I blame them. What parent wouldn't have concern for their sixteen year old daughter, running about every night, drinking and experimenting with new drugs no person should have? Despite their strong efforts to keep me caged up at the house like some wild animal (Personally, I like to think of myself as a tiger, or sometimes a prisoner at the nearest jail.)I still manage to run free and drink to my hearts content. I commend them though; they actually had me once or twice. \"Hello? Nathan?\" My voice echoes through the remote island, debris of last nights wild party littering the shore. I came to the party with him, so it would only make sense that he would find me so I could leave with him. Nathan Kalakh, one of the local heartthrobs of Maui, like most of the other boys here. I know what you're thinking and no, Nathan is not a love interest to me in any way. He's my confidante, my buddy, my best friend for like along with his sister, Drusilla. (Weird name, I know…that's why she's good ol' Dru to me.) Although my full trust was put in the two (Nathan, most of all) I couldn't expect much from either of them. Nathan, mostly. He could be so arrogant at times, and in the back of my mind I know if I chew the little fucker out for just leaving me to burn on the hot white sand, he'd just snort and dish out some lame excuse. That never stopped me though. \"Damn it, Nate,\" I cursed quietly, combing over the island for my shirt gone astray in the drunken pandemonium last night. Damn Nathan and his annoyingly devilish rock star-ish looks. It's no wonder he had all the girls' on this island wrapped around his tan finger. To elaborate on me cursing him for his good looks, I may or may not have had a few encounters (Or hook ups, if you prefer to be blunt about it) with the boy. Some drunk, some just out of pure boredom. I had a good reputation on this island, not just for my insascible love of partying but for my promiscuity. I have no problem admitting it, I have no problem with the reputation proceeding me. A lot of girls on this island have tried to burn me by throwing the words 'slut' and 'whore' my way but I pay no mind to them. It's simple really, they could call me a slut or they could call themselves prudes. But, oh no, they must have the 'Holier-Than-Thou' attitude and make me the enemy of all this instead of counting all the boys they've hooked up with. I sighed, brushing my raven colored hair from my face. My shirt is long gone by now. Another article of clothing lost and another excuse to make up about why I'm coming home in only jeans and a bikini top. … \"Ebony? Is that you?\" My mom, Lydia, called out. I assumed she heard my come in through the backdoor of our small house. I knew I should have been quieter but that would be quite out of my character. \"Yep,\" I answered lazily, clicking my black nails on the door frame. \"Ebony, we need to talk,\" My father's rough voice rung out shortly after my mothers did. ' We need to talk.' Not once in the history of mankind has 'we need to talk' indicated good news. \"Okay, shoot,\" I muttered before latching onto the door frame to hang myself from it. My mother sighed and looked over at my father, giving him the okay to go ahead and deliver whatever bad news he needed to deliver. \"Ebony, we want you to go live with your Aunt Lucie and your cousins in California. Santa Monica, to be exact.\" Was this some sort of sick joke? It had to be. My parents wouldn't just send me away for no apparent reason. At least not to my knowledge they wouldn't… \"Ebby, you have to understand why we're doing this. You go out every night and do all these drugs and drink all this alcohol…and do things with all these boys...\"Her voice faded out in the last part, obviously ashamed of my promiscuity issue, \"We feel that if you go and live with Lucille, maybe you'll change your ways. Lucille is much stricter with Laloni and Alana than we are with you.\" She spoke carefully, drawing out her reasons like I needed to be spoken too that clearly to understand. \"Mom! Alana and Loni run around just as often as I do, they go to as many parties I do! You can't possibly view Aunt Lucie as being strict with the way they run around,\" I protested, like it would some how stop the whole world from turning and it would change my parents minds' in a heart beat. You never know…it might. \"As true as that may be, Ebony, Alana and Loni didn't get caught smoking marijuana by the cops.\" My father countered, sending a stern look to me. It was alarming to see my father that pissed off, he's usually so placid. I knew he would pull that card. I just knew he would! My shoulders slumped over as soon as I released the door frame—calling Lucie out on how she lets my cousins run around like I do was my last defense. I hung my head with a sigh of despair. Maybe I was being over dramatic, but I over dramatized a lot of things. I sluggishly wandered over to the table to take the one way ticket to Santa Monica, California off my parents' hands. … \"You're leaving?!\" I swear to God, Dru nearly had a heart attack when hearing the news, and she's a bigger drama queen than I am sometimes. I nodded glumly, allowing my head to rest on Nathan's broad shoulders. \"Yep. At four o' clock in the fucking morning.\" \"Damn Ebbs, and you're going to live with your aunt?\" Nathan chirped up, clueless as he usually is. I'll admit, he has that obliviously unaware surfer boy charm about him and he used that well to his advantage when it came to scooping out his next long term relationship. Yes, you heard me. Long term. Nathan was no player; he wasn't all that into hook ups unlike me. Me and one other girl were his only exceptions. In all honesty, I see no need for silly long term relationships. You become so dependant on one person but that one person you thought you loved, that you thought they loved you, leaves forever. Unlike most girls I know (actually...I think I'm the only girl in Hawaii who thinks like this) I'm not all gaa-gaa over some lame ass Hawaiian surfer guy, if I was, I could turn to Nathan for more than just a one night stand. I've learned to face the reality that people let you down. \"Yeah, and my annoying ass cousins, Loni and Allie,\" I scoffed a rolled my eyes while lighting a cigarette to share between Dru and I. Nathan didn't smoke cigarettes but the kid was the biggest pothead I knew. That was the secret to our friendship. He winced at the harshness playing in my voice before he cracked open 3 beers, distributing them between the three of us. \"Our last night together for God knows how long,\" Dru said a bit glumly, staring at the contents of the beer bottle in hand. \"Mm, I'll drink to that,\" I nodded, clanking my bottle against Dru's and Nathan's. I hated reality. If this had been Ebony's world, I would not have been chugging my last beer with the only two people I've managed to befriend all these years, watching the sun disappear and many locals falling of their surfboards. \"Well, I gotta go and get ready for my big flight outta here,\" I sighed, handing off my bottle to Nathan, \"I'll see you bitches later. I'll call when I get there.\" … \"I'm home!\" I said, breezing past my parents. I strongly felt I had nothing to say to them, and 'I'm home' is all they deserved. Hey, I could have blown them off completely but that would be just rude. I groaned, flopping down on my bed and sprawling myself on it, letting my arms dangle of the edge. How could my parents do this to me? It's not like this is the first time I've ever pulled any stunt like this. Give or take my love of partying, I was a good kid. I didn't deserve to be flown miles away from my home. I shut my eyes, allowing my fingers to dance along the linoleum paneling of my bedroom floor until they come in contact with a soft cloth material. I forced my eyes back open, bunching the material from the obsidian black shirt in my hands. I smiled fondly at it as I sat up on my bed. It was, of course, Nathan's. He'd spent the night at my house numerous times, along with lovely little Dru, and left it here. I'd collected a generous pile of Nathan's clothing and pushed it to the corner of my room. He'd come to take back the majority of it, but the uncollected things remained either in said corner or under my bed. I could feel tears prick my eyes but I forced them back, inhaling the ever present scent of ocean water and cinnamon Nathan's clothing always had. I never thought I'd miss Nathan, out of all people. Best friend or not, I never once picture me crying over the prospect of leaving him and Dru behind for a new, forced life in Santa Monica. … The sand felt good beneath my feet. Is sand like this in California? I don't remember. The last time I paid Lucille a visit, I was only 5. Four o clock in the morning and not a trace of damn sun light. Guess I don't get to see the sun rise in Hawaii for a last time. What a rip off. Oh, well. I felt my legs voluntarily give out from under me and my butt came in contact with the sand. I'm pathetic. I'm beyond pathetic, sitting here crying over something I brought upon myself. You know what would make this sob fest perfectly cliché? Nathan showing up to bid me a fond farewell. No Dru at his side this particular morning, just him and his sentimental ways. He would hug me, tell me to do right by abstaining from alcohol and drugs, just so I could come back and fall back into the life and then he would kiss me on the cheek before telling me to keep my chin up. But that would be terribly morose. And terribly out of Nathan's character. \"Ebony, it's time.\" My mother calls softly, placing my bags in the trunk of car before ushering me into the back seat herself. Good bye Hawaii.[Chapter 2] Itntakes five and half-hours by plane to get from Hawaii to California.nIt takes 30 minutes from my house to get to the Honolulu NationalnAirport. The grand total of time it takes to ruin my life: 6 hours.nNot counting the ride from the airport in Santa Monica to AuntnLucie's house. \"Attentionnpassengers, we've reached our destination of Santa Monica,nCalifornia. Thank you for flying with us, we hoped you enjoyed you'renflight.\" The chime and ever droning voice of the caption filled thennarrow halls of the plane. Not a word was heard from all thenclamoring of grumpy passengers from row to row as they pulled downntheir luggage and scrambled to find a primo spot in line to get offnthis cramped hell. I,nmyself, have at least a little shred of class and wait until thensecond to last person passes by my seat to jump up and pull my duffelnbags out of the luggage compartment above. As I venture out of thenplane, getting ready to step off the last step when a red headednflight attendant flounces in front of me. \"Hi,nmiss, here. Allow me to take those bags for you.\" She smilesnsincerely at me while she takes two of my three duffel bags out of myngrasp and into her own. Wow. People weren't this nicenin Hawaii. Inshrug, throwing the last duffel bag over my shoulder and continue thenshort journey to the airport. … \"Ebony!nYoo-hoo, Ebony, over here!\" I hear my name being shouted fromnbehind me. I know that annoying voice anywhere. It was Alana, mynyoungest cousin. My eyes roll around as I turn to see the tan skinnednHawaiian native jump up and down, arms flailing like a crazy persons,nraven black hair whipping around her face with each jump. Stuck in ansuffocating spot with her were my Aunt Lucie and Laloni. I could picknout my Aunt Lucille anywhere. Even in a sea of other Hawaiian's. Mynaunt, my dads' sister, was easily the most gorgeous looking womannin all of Hawaii. Many have said that I defiantly take after in thenlooks department. It was easy to see where Loni Kai and Allie getntheir looks from. Insquint to see what could possibly be in my aunts' hand. From thenlooks of it, it's a cardboard sign, with my name scribbled acrossnin black permanent marker, with little flowers and hearts litteringnthe background. Allie's work, no doubt. \"Oh,nEbony. Mahalo, baby.\" Lucie greets me, opening her arms out toncapture me within them. I was her only niece, what more do younexpect? Ansmall smile came on my lips as I let myself fall into her grasp,nwrapping my arms around her petite figure in return. \"Hownare you, my little Ebby? I haven't seen you in so long!\" My auntnrejoices, tears nearly spilling down over her cheeks. Inroll my eyes, \"Auntie, it's just me.\" I sigh, gathering up thenluggage at my feet. Loni seems less than impressed that I'm here, Incan tell by the way she snorts and wavers off to bat her eyelashes atnthe locals. \"It'snjust so good to see you, baby. Just wait until we get home. There'sna huge bash waiting back at the house for you. There's pizza, icencream. Oh, everything you can imagine!\" \"Mom-uh!nThat was supposed to be a surprise for Ebony!\" Allie cries out,nsmacking her hand against her forehead. I stifle a laugh. So, Lucienisn't the brightest crayon in the box. But, like her daughters, shendoesn't need the brains to get by. Just the looks. \"Oh.n. .\" Lucie breaths, but shrugs it off. \"Well, best we tell hernnow. . .she was going to find out anyway!\" She giggled in a highnpitched, cutesy voice. … Thencrashing of skateboard wheels clash with the hollering of what soundsnlike a whole heard of teenage boys echoes through the air, and pullsnme out of my slumber. Mynhead snaps up in anger, I am NOT a morning person. Violently, thencovers fall to the ground and I stomp through the large, pristinenestate my aunt owns. The glass-sliding door slides open with a crash,nand my sights rest on five bleach blonde surfer boys, shreddingnaround my aunts dried out pool like the ocean waves itself! Who innthe hell does that? \"Hey!nI don't know what anyone told you, but if you're not Lucie'snpool boy, then you shouldn't be anywhere near this house!\" Mynvoice, scratchy from being jerked out of my slumber, booms and allnfive boys stop dead in their tracks. Beforenanyone could interject, out comes Loni, flouncing her goodies aroundnin a neon pink bikini top and flimsy cloth mini-skirt. \"Ebony!nWhat the hell do you think you're doing? Why the fuck are younyelling at my friends?\" She argues, shoving a powder pink talonninto my chest. \"Friends?!nLoni, does Lucie even know these boys come here and trash her pool?\" \"Yes!nAs a matter of fact she does, and she loves them, thank you very much. Go back to bed, you stupid slut.\" Shenscreams, pushing me back into the house with what little strength shenhad. Oh,nboy my cousin just loves me. I roll my eyes, tugging a stray piece ofnfabric away from the side of my pajama bottoms. … \"Shit,nLoni,\" Tony Alva laughs, tossing his sun dried locks out of hisntanned face, \"Who was that? \" Lalonincould only shrug, tossing her raven feather hair over her shoulder.n\"No one important. She's just coming to live with me. I don'tnknow for how long, but just ignore her skanky ass.\" She said, in ancatty tone. \"Shensure didn't look like no one,\" Sid had laughed, trying to implynsomething. But with his innocence and little kid type stature,nimplying something dirty to the other Z- Boys just didn't flow withnSid Columbino. … \"Goodnmorning, Ebby.\" Lucie had said, sliding a fresh fruit smoothie mynway, \"It's strawberry banana, you're favorite.\" Insmile kindly, taking the drink from her hands, \"Thanks, Luce.\"nYes, I refer to my aunt as Luce. I just love how casual my family is.nI glance around the large kitchen, moving the straw in and out of thenbeverage, poking little holes in the pink mess. I remember a timenwhen I got lost in the house, because everything was so massive, antime where I couldn't even reach the lowest shelf even when I wasnstanding on my tippy toes. Butnnow. . .well, now everything is just there. It didn't hold the samenmagical allure as it did when I was a little girl. Nothing reallyndoes anymore, though, now that I think about it. \"Howndid you sleep last night? You didn't have trouble finding you'renroom, did you?\" Innodded, taking the first swallow of my smoothie, \"Yeah. It's notnthe same as sleeping in my bed back home, but pretty darn close.\" Inlaugh, setting the smoothie of to the side. Luciensmiled, brown eyes twinkling. I love my aunt Lucie. \"Oh,nthat's good. I want to make you as comfortable as possible. I knownit's not easy for you to get thrown from your home to a new placenso fast. Well, you go, get ready and then I'll take you and yourncousins out today. It'll be a good chance for you to get to knownVenice a bit better.\"[Chapter 3] \"Ebby, are younready to go?\" Lucie asked, peeking her head into the bathroom. Indetangled my hands from my hair and looked over. \"Just about, Luc.\" She smiled kindly.n\"Alright. Well, I'll just go check on Loni and Allie then.\" Innodded surely to myself. My hands glided over the smooth marblencounter top, the cool feeling a refreshing treat to my feverishlynwarm hands. I'd always had good circulation in my body, making itnnear impossible for my body to get chilly naturally. My hands hadnstopped once coming into contact with the frame of my glasses. Inpicked them up, examining the way the metallic paint went from anlight purple to a light indigo color in the light before slippingnthem on my face. \"I have the worstnhair ever! It's so ugly!\" Laloni griped, shoving me out of thenway to get a full view of herself. Her hands flew franticly, yet innexpert timing, to yank to large pink curlers from her hair. \"I hatenthis. My hair is so FUCKING difficult to curl.\" She continuednwhining, rolling and unrolling luscious locks around the rollers. I sucked on my lowernlip, nodding in fake sympathy. \"Shitty.\" I pitied her. My greatngrandmother, my grandmother, my dad, and Lucie had pin straight, flatnhair. Worst luck ever. I, myself, was lucky enough to inherit mynmother's hair. Thick and full of volume, falling past my shouldernblades with loose natural curls. \"Loni, you looknfine with straight hair.\" I complimented, pulling her fussy handsnaway from her hair. Loni pouted, quite pathetically. \"It's causenyou're doing it dry.\" I said, taking the brush from her hands. \"When did younbecome an expert on all this stuff? You don't have to try to do it,nyou're hair just goes.\" She sniped enviously, glaring at mynreflection in the mirror. \"I only wish my hair would donthat.\" I shrugged, lettingnher hair fall from my grasp. \"I don't know. I've just alwaysnbeen good with this stuff. Could you hand me that volumizing spray?\"nI pause, holding my hand out. Loni placed the aluminum can in mynhand, \"Dru always used to make me do her hair whenever we werengoing out to a party.\" \"Ebby! Loni! Momnsaid to hurry or else I get to drive!\" The thought of Alana behindnthe wheel was a disaster in itself, so I quickly sprayed Loni'snhair with the spray, letting it fall from the rollers. I took a combnand teased the crown of her hair lightly. Loni shook her hair out andnexamined the new do. Curls identical to mine now spilled to the smallnof her back, her foggy brown eyes lit up with excitement. \".AMAZING!nThanks, Ebony.\" She grinned, flouncing past me. \"Yup,\" I pickednup the orange aluminum can and sprayed my own hair and shook it upnwith my fingers. I turned around into the hall way, went rightnacross to my room and pulled on a pair of tight black slacks, a pinnstripped tube top and a dark purple zip up hoodie, ideal for thenharsh summer in California. Then I ran down stairs to meet up with myncousins and aunt. … \"Who knew you werensuch a great driver, Allie?\" My aunt laughed, clutching many anshopping bag in freshly manicured nails. \"I can't wait until youncan take drivers ed. You'll knock the socks off everyone!\" Allie beamed,nsoaking up the attention from Lucie like UV rays from a tanning bed.n\"I told you I was a good driver! I toooldddd youuuuu.\" Shentaunted, sticking her tongue out at the lot of us. Lucie and Allienhad stopped, waiting for me and Loni to pick up the pace. It was onlynevery so often my oldest cousin and I got along. Laloni was a jealousnperson by nature, so I think she let that come in the way of ournfamily bonding. \"So you hooked upnwith Nathan?\" She asked intensely. The last time she had come down,nthough Nathan was only thirteen, she had been determined to makenNathan hers. Long distance was never Nathan's thing though. Ancrushing blow to my cousin, after the month she'd spent with mynparents and I, with Nathan macking on her. \"He is so fine.\" \"Yeah,\" Inanswered nonchalantly, \"Like, once though. We were just bored onenday.\" I can't believe she was jealous of that. \"I need a smokenbreak, man. You got any?\" Loni nodded, \"Yeah,nin the car.\" 'Sweet.' I thought, putting my hands in mynpockets. \"Tell Lucie I'llnbe right back, ya?\" Lucie knew I smoked, she didn't care. 'Asnlong as you don't do it around me.' She would always nag. Did Inthink that made her a bad aunt? Hell, no. Lucie wasn't anhypocrite. She smoked when she was my age, but stopped once she gotnpregnant with my cousins. … I huffed on thencigarette until the tip was a glowing red. My lips pursed into ansmall 'o' shape as I let the smoke escape, dropping my hand tonflick the ash of the cigarette. I should really try to stop. But notnin this lifetime. I'd been smoking since I was twelve. Quittingnwould be near next to impossible. I looked up at thensky, leaning against the side of my aunts car, raising the cigarettento my lips once again. \"Hey, smoking'snbad for you.\" A voice had said, catching my attention. I'dnexpected someone. . .odd looking. A little older, with plausiblenmorals. I chuckled, taking anlong drag of my cigarette. \"Talking to strangers is bad for you tonbut yet here you are, talking to a stranger.\" The butt of thencigarette slipped through my delicate ring covered fingers. The shadow hadnshrugged, \"I'm still breathing, ain't I?\" What a smart ass, Inthought. During this whole conversation, I hadn't once thoughtnabout making direct eye contact with this person. I was too intent onnfinishing my cigarette. Again I had expectednthis person to be little out of the ordinary, with wild gray hair andnnot the most attractive person on this side of town. When I hadndecided to look up, man, I wished I would have looked up sooner. This boy lookednabout my age. Tanned skin, ocean washed sandy blonde hair. His buildnwas. . .decent. Washboard abs (he had no shirt to speak of). Thin,nyet muscular. And his eyes. Oh his eyes. They were a beautiful hazelnshade. He was a California boy if I ever saw one. He didn't hesitatenon making a move. He hopped on the hood of my aunt's car, puttingnthe charm on heavy. \"You must be new in town. I'm pretty tightnwith all the hotties in Dogtown.\" I looked him up andndown questionably. He thinks he has moves? Ebony Nikole Harmons hasnmoves, too. I throw a smirk his way, \"You don't waste any time donyou?\" I extend my hand to the tanned hunk, \"And, funny thing. I'mnpretty tight with all the hotties back in Hawaii. Ebony Harmons.\" \"Shit, man. You'renquicker than any girl in this damn town. I like you already. JaynAdams,\" he introduced, forgoing my hand shake. \"My friends havingna party tonight. You'd better be there.\" I nodded, \"I thinknI can fit that in to my schedule.\" Jay, thinking on hisnfeet, whipped out a red ball point pen and pulled on my arm to writendown the address. Hot guys, parties. Inthink I'm gonna like it here. … 7 o'nclock hit fast in Venice. In Hawaii, time seemed to pass by in ages.nThe music blarring from the deteriorating white house could be heardnfor miles, hardly doing justice to the wild party raging inside. Loudnmusic, an amazing mix of pop-y, rock-y, dance-y tunes, coursednthrough my veins, and seemingly moved my very soul. Merely watchingnthe liquid in my cup move to the rhythm of the music projecting fromnhuge sound systems was enough to make me feel alive again. This isnthe rush I've been missing. Honestly,nI had no idea what I was drinking. A fruit juice of some sort. Nonmatter what concoction lied in my cup, I drank the whole thing down.nGod, it felt wonderful. I tossed the cup with a giggle, beforentugging my denim mini skirt down. I hardly ever wore skirts. I shouldnstart though, for this skirt feels mildly comfortable. I felt, well,nsexy. Especially with Dru's knee high, so called \"stripper\"nboots. Nownwhere was Jay? I straightened up my posture to peer over the othernparty goers. No such luck looking from afar. So I began to push mynway through the crowd of thrashers, too far gone in their ownnamusement too see who, or what they were bumping into. Thisnis ridiculous, I thought, shoving the next drunken dumb ass whonpumped into me with my all my force. \"Jesus! Stop drinking longnenough to fucking see who's in front of you!\" The one andnonly thing I hate about parties. Other than that, parties werenperfect. \"Inthought you weren't gonna show!\" Jay's drunken voice soundednbehind me. I whirled around on my heels to face him, taking whateverndrink he had in his grasp into my own possession. I downed that asnquickly as the first. \"I'venbeen trying to find you!\" I yelled, putting my face near his ear sonhe could hear me a wee bit better. He wasn't completely drunk. Sad.nI like to have a little fun. The drunker the better, in my case andnthe boys. He smirked, pulling me into his grasp forcefully by mynwaist. \"Youndon't have to look anymore,\" he said, suavely, pushing me backninto the nearest empty room. Hisnlips, hungry with desire, collided with mine. I could get use tonthis. To be honest, this was my first hook up in a while. I might bena little rusty but with Jay in his current state, he had everythingnin his grasp. Hentrailed kisses down my neck, almost to distract me from his handnfumbling for my jacket zipper. He pulled my jacket off, and roamed mynbody. From my back, to my hips, to my stomach, and finally my face. \"Indon't think you're ready for this,\" WOOnTHIRD CHAPTER. :D Sorry it's taking so long to update. I have a jobnnow. But, finally, here's at least one update I've been able tonget too. Enjoy this chapter, cause things begin to get. . interestingnafter this. :D ","Summary":" Yes, another LoD story. Yay LoD ! Just so you know I'm more than prepared for angry threats of eye "},{"Movie":"Lords of Dogtown","Title":"skater boy","Author":"death fallen angel","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6096988","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Max, Stacey, jeff, james– 14 years old monique - 10 years old angela – 8 years old MAX \"Hey max!\" that was Jeff he is my best friend. He and his twin James live with me in a big white house in the middle of nowhere. \"Hey what's up Jeff?\" \"Well James and I what you to meet our friend. His name is Stacey, his mom died and his dad abuses him … well I was also wondering if he could live with us. \" \" I want to meet him first and if I like him and think he is safe then fine.\" \"Thanks so much max!\" ********************************1 HOUR LATER*************************************** \" Jeff what the hell are we doing at an abandon pool?\" \"Just watch and be quite\" At first I didn't see anything but then some kid that looked about our age started skateboarding in the pool. He was tall. He also had blonde hair down to his mid-back. He was wearing dark sunglasses and his clothes wear ripped and dirty. I was guessing that would be Stacey. But right as I was about to ask a group of boys that looked like they were 17 to 19 years old. They came up to Stacey and started to whisper to him, I couldn't hear what they said but when they straightened up and Stacey started to skate. But I think he went a little too high cause he fell from about ten feet up onto the hard concrete of the pool. That had to of hurt but I look over to the older boys and they were laughing. I was boiling mad. The twins had to hold me back, but they said Stacey could handle them. So I had to watch them beat the shit out of him. When they where done he had a bloddy nose and his arms were already blue and purple with brusies, i didnt even want to know what his torso looked like. I guess they told him to try it again. So he tried the same thing that got him beaten up. He went a little to high again and fell. The older kids just left. When I was sure they were gone I looked at Stacey and he still hasn't moved, and I got worried. I couldn't take it anymore, I ran down to him with the twins right on my heels . when we got down there ,there was blood everywhere. Stacey looked really bad and he was unconscious. We carried him all the way to the house. well Jeff and I did James just carried his skateboard, cause they said it was very special to him. When we got home we laid him down on the spare bed at the end of the hall. As Jeff started to check him out Angela and monique came in. \" who's that and why is he all bloody? OMG did he get in a fight? Do you even know him? He looks scary and REALLY dirty. And he should so get a..\" before monique could say anything else James slapped his hand over her mouth. \" ok sweetie his name is Stacey and yes he did get in a fight and he is their friend\" I pointed my finger at the twins. And that's all I said about it. before she could say anything else we heard a small groan from behind us.[Chapter 2] Before she could say anything else we heard a small groan from behind MAX We all turned around at the same time. Stacey's eyes slowly started to open. \"Could you guys give us a minute?\" Jeff asked \"of course\" JEFF \" Hey are you okay?\" \" What happened, where am I, and who are you?\" Stacey asked weakly \" Well you got beat up, you are at my house, and I'm Jeff griffin we were best friends a few years back\" I was really with all my heart hoping he remembered me \"Jeff! Hey you look so different. I can't believe you moved back!\" he looked so excited \"yea me either! I'm living with some friends now. You look different to your hair got a lot longer!\" \" hey do you know what time it is?\" he looked really concerned I wonder if he had any where to go \" its around 10 in the morning. Why?\" he's eyes got wider \" oh shit! I gotta go man sorry\" He got up rather quick but tripped on the way \" do you have my skateboard?\" \"umm yea it's over there\" I pointed over to the door. He grabbed it and rushed out. \" jeff why did Stacey just run out the door with his skateboard?\" max ran in looking worried \" I really don't know\" \"does he have a job?\" \" I think so, it was something like poodle and noodle…\" all I knew that it was something like that \" oh oodle n' noodle I walk past that place when I come home from the store\" right when she was done talking we left.[Chapter 3] STACEY I was skating as fast as I could. I was so late for my job at oodle n' noodle. I walked in to find my boss, mike, and he looked pissed \"Where the hell were you? Do you know how late you are? How about 6 hours!\" he yelled at me I noticed all the costumers staring at us \" sorry\" \"is that all you can say \"sorry\" well that's not good enough now get to work\" I walked back to the kitchen to do the dishes. I passed the chef Dylan on the way he just shook his head in disapproval. I just kept on walking. - 2 hours later - \"STACEY!\" that was mike again and he sounded madder than ever \"GET YOUR ASS OUT HERE!\" I started to run and when I got in front of him, he slapped me with a wooden spoon across the face. He started to push me back into the kitchen that's when I started to get scared. At first he just kept hitting me with the spoon and if I may add it hurt like hell. Then he throws the spoon and started throwing punches. He hit me in the face, and stomach. My nose was broken and bleeding like running water. I could barely see because my eyes were swollen shut. I finally collapsed after 30 minutes or so. Right when I touched the ground he started to kick me. I felt his foot connect with my head and everything went black.[Chapter 4] DYLAN I started to run back into the kitchen because a heard a big thump. When I got back there I saw Stacey in a bloody heap on the floor. I turned to my left and saw Mike towering over Stacey and his hands were covered in blood. \" WHAT THE HELL DID YOU DO?\" I was so mad he just beat up my best friend. \" i..i..i didn't mean to.\" He looked down at Stacey \" what have I done?\" he looked so confused. Right after he said that I heard sirens. -10 MINUTES LATER- \"What happened here?\" officer Joe asked. \"I really don't know, I went in when I heard him fall.\" \" didn't you hear any yelling?\" he asked again \" well when he gets in trouble he will just bring us to the back room and lecture us that's the first time he's ever hit any of his workers.\" I said honestly cause that was the truth he has never hit us sure he would scream, shout, and curse but we could take that. \" Ok that's all for know. Have a good day. I really am very sorry about your friend\" Then he started to walk away \"hey wait!\" I yelled after him \"yes Mr. Dylan?\" he said while turning around to look at me \"will Stacey be okay?\" I was so worried about him I just couldn't wait any longer without bursting! \" I really don't know but we have great doctors that will be taking care of him\" when he said that my world almost crumpled. I mean I would just die without him. That's when I saw the ambulance drive away. I tried to chase it but I wasn't fast enough. So I fell to the ground and cried my eyes out. ","Summary":" Max, Stacey, jeff, james– 14 years old monique - 10 years old angela – 8 years old MAX \"Hey max!\""},{"Movie":"SWAT","Title":"Team One","Author":"white collar black wolf","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12277807","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Team one Diclaimer- I don't own SWAT I do own Jeffery Chapter 1 Jeffery Jim and Gamble were outside captain fuller's office waiting to be called in to discuss what had just happened once they were called in Gamble started talking and yelling at captain fuller. \"That women is alive because of what we did\"said Gamble \"Yeah alive and sueing the city for millions chief says somebody pays and it sure is not going to be me\"Captain fuller told them \"We get two seconds to make a decision you get two months and you waste it\"said Jeffery Street \"SWAT means special weapons and tactics where were your tactics out there\"said their lieutenant \"Saving a women from getting shot\"said Jim \"I didn't know that saving lives was a god-damn stunt\"said Gamble \"You got a big mouth and you're quick on the trigger and that is why your ass is in a sling\"said Fuller After a whole lot of arguing fuller finally decide to put them in the gun cage. \"This bullshit\"said Gamble \"What\"asked Fuller \"I said this is Bullshit\"said Gamble \"You should consider yourself lucky Lt. Velasquez is standing up for you\"Fuller told him After that Gamble fought Fuller and Street and Jeffery got him out of there. \"Street you stay\"said Fuller after Jeffery walked Gamble away \"We both know that Gamble is a bad infulence on the rest of the team\"said Fuller \"Gamble is a good cop\"said Jim \"If you and your son go on record and say Gamble acted reclessly and that both of you had no choice to follow your partner after he disapade a direct order i will make sure that you and jeff are back on S.W.A.T by tomorrow morning\"Fuller told him (In the locker room with Jeff and Gamble) \"Let's get out of here I need a cocktail\"Gamble told Jeff \"I'm staying with my dad after a few months fuller will find some new ass to chew on we'll be back on the team\"Jeff told him \"He's not gonna give us any second chances\"Gamble told him \"What are you gonna do piss away all the hard work you did to get here\"Jeff asked him \"Piss what away Jeff the cage\"Gamble asked him \"We're better than that and you know it\"continued Gamble \"You and your dad gonna come with me a real partner wouldn't have to ask that would he\"Gamble told Jeff \"A real partner would step up to what he did in the bank\"said Jeff \"I saved that hostage\"yelled Gamble \"You disobeyed the hold you made the decision yourself and you shot a hostage Jesus Brian\"Jeff yelled at Gamble \"You sound alot like fuller is what he and your dad were talking about in there did you and your dad rat me out did he cut a deal for both of you to get back on the team\"Gamble asked him as he look as his boyfriend \"Did my dad cut a deal for me \"Jeff asked not believing what he was asking him \"Yeah did he\"Gamble asked him receiving no answer \"How many time have my dad and I covered up for one of your goddamn stunts\"Jeff asked him \"You just pick a paycheck over me\"Gamble told Jeff as he threw him his badge \"You just pick yourself over everything else\"Jeff told him \"You and your dad wanna stay here and be fuller's bitches you two go right ahead but i can't do it\"said Gamble \"Partners for five years this is how you want to end it\"Jeff told Gamble with a little hurt in his voice \"I didn't end it you and your dad sold me out to the brass\"Gamble told him \"You know I never realized till now how full of shit you are\"Jeff told as he threw Gamble his badge back \"Fuck you and SWAT\"Gamble told Jeff as he slammed him into the mirror then grabbed his gym back and left the locker room \"What happened\"Jim asked his son as he walked into the locker room \"What do you think happened we're done and he left\"Jeff told his dad as he looked at his head when he noticed the crack on the mirror \"He slammed you into the mirror\"Jim asked him \"Yeah I'm okay though\"Jeff told him \"Alright let's go home\"Jim told him as he pick up his gym bag and grabbed his car keys and Jeff grabbed his helmet and keys to his Ducati Monster Diesel and left the locker room headed to his motorcycle and went home. A/N- Hey everyone here is a new story updates will not be frequently as I'm still working on the next few Chapters Please Review[Chapter 2] Team one Diclaimer- I don't own SWAT I do own Jeffery \"Jeff\" Chapter 2 ( 6 months Later) After six months Jeff and Jim were running around the at the beach with their dog after their workout they went to work at the guncage. \"Aren't you a little attached to that soda Gus\"Jim told Gus an offficer that also worked in the guncage with Jim and himself \"The wife would have my behind if she caught me drinking that\"said Gus \"Why is she a fan\"asked Jeff \"You know the deal Jim when we got married I converted to mormonism we can't consume anything that alters our state of mind we treat our bodies with respect\"Gus told them \"And we treat our's like amusement park it's the differences that make this country great\"said Jim \"Need them clean by the morning boys\"said Boxer as he showed them his boots \"You were suppose to have your gear in a half-hour ago\"Gus told them \"What is your boy going to report me to the captain\"Boxer told Gus while looking at Jim \"Just for thinking you look good in the mustache\"Jim told Boxer \"What do you need\" Jeff asked the man when approched the gun cage \"Sgt. Hondo you're back\"Gus told him \"You know what they say Gus you're either SWAT or you're not\"Hondo told him \"Just a tune-up but please don't touch my sights and I made some modifications to the trigger too\"Hondo told them as Jeff got the gun out of the gun case it was in. \"You are\"Hondo asked them \"Jim Street\"Jim told him as Jeff handed him the gun \"Jeff Street\"Jeff told him \"I need that back by tomorrow\"Hondo told them \"That's Hondo he's old school SWAT\"Gus told Jim as Jeff went to work on the gun \"Hey what the heck are doing\"Jeff asked Gus the next day as he dropped something that SWAT uses. \"I'm gonna throw this thing out\"Gus told him \"Do and you die\"Jim told him as he walked over \"Every SWAT team in the world's gonna have one someday\"Jeff told him as he pick up it up \"It's 50 pounds of scrap metal\"Gus told him \"Say you got some crazy suspect barricaded in a house just chain the batting ram to the back of the truck shove the spear right though the wall and rods spring out like fish hooks your partner guns the truck takes the whole wall with him\"Jim told Gus as Hondo came into the room Later on that day at the shooting range Hondo asked Jim and Jeff if they wanted to do a shootout with T.J. \"Don't beat him so badly that I can't get a rematch\"Hondo told Jim as he got ready to go up against T.J in the shooting range \"I won't make any promises\"Jim told him The next day Hondo told Jim that he was driving him so Jim got in the car with Jim driving as they were driving around they heard a call go over the radio from a cop. \"If you like hard work,long hours and getting dirty for low pay I got an opening on my SWAT team\"Hondo told Deacon \"I don't mind\"Deacon told him After talking to Deacon they went to talk to two other officers after talking to chris sanchez they went back to the station. \"Am I looking at another day of chauffeur duty\"Jim asked Hondo as Jeff came towards him \"I've got two more spot you think of anyone I might have over looked\"Hondo told him \"This a game or a test sergent\"Jim asked him \"Could be a bit of both\"Hondo told him \"Yeah, Jeff and I are little old for games\"Jim told him as Jeff finally stood next to him \"So how'd you two like to be back on SWAT\"Hondo asked them \"It's not gonna happen\"Jeff told him \"So why you are hanging around the cage then\"Hondo asked them \"It's a job\"Jim told him \"SWAT's a calling\"Hondo told them \"Anybody around you guys for five minutes can tell you guys still got the bug all you guys gotta do is say yes\"Hondo told them \"It's not up to us or you\"Jim told him \"We got a history here\"Jeff told him \"Let's talk about that I hear some rumors about you two and your old partner did you give him up in Fuller's office becuase you know team members gotta trust each other\"Hondo asked them \"We're not your team and no we didn't give him up\"Jim told him \"I never would have given up Gamble\"Jeff told him \"You've both been in that cage six months shining boots and fixing weapons waiting for a second chance I got one for each of you and I'm offering it to you two\"Hondo told them as he saw the look on Jeff's face \"Fuller will never sign off on it\"Jim told him \"Let me deal with that paper-pushing punk\"Hondo told them \"I want you both on my team\"Hondo told them A/N- Hey everyone I know it's been a while since I update this story I finally got some free time to write so anyway hope everyone likes this chapter please R&R; ","Summary":" Team one Diclaimer- I don't own SWAT I do own Jeffery Chapter 1 Jeffery Jim and Gamble were outside"},{"Movie":"SWAT","Title":"SWAT life after movie","Author":"m16m203","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8610384","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Two days after the whole Alex Montel incident. Jim Street woke up at 05:00 and goes for a run on the beach with his dog Max when his cell phone rings. He looks at the caller id and sees it's his partner Chris Sanchez. He flips his phone open and says \"street\". \"Hey Jim its Chris, my car won't start do you think you could pick me up on you way to HQ?\" Jim looks at his watch and sees its 06:45. \"Sure I'll be there in about 20 minutes\". \"Thanks Jim see you in 20 minutes' and Chris hangs up. Jim jogs back to his apartment and showers then goes out to his new ford f-350 and fires it up and drives to Chris's house. When he gets there he gets out and walks up to the front door and rings the doorbell. Chris answers the door carrying her SWAT gear bag and locks the front door behind her. \"Ready\" Jim asked receiving a nod from Chris and they both walk to his truck \"wow new truck\" Chris asked. \"Yeah my old car finally died so I thought what the hell and bought this but with a few upgrades. No more driving the unmarked squad car this has the full police performance package lights, sirens, etc.\" Chris throws her bag in the back seat and climbs in as Jim starts up the truck and they head to LAPD HQ. Jim backs into the garage in front of the big SWAT equipment truck and gets out. He says hello to people as he walks to the locker room with Chris behind him. He puts his gear in his locker and then goes out and transfers all his and Chris's gear from their old squad car into the backseat of his truck when Hondo walks over \"Street you buy a new ride\" he asked looking over the truck. \"Yeah I did and fuller isn't happy I'm not driving the worst car in the fleet anymore.\" -TWO HOURS LATER- Jim and Chris along with the rest of the swat team are all siting at their desks talking. All of a sudden the alarm goes off. \"Hostage situation reported shots fired and officer down at the elementary school down town SWAT assistance requested repeat SWAT requested\" everyone jumps up and gears up. Jim notices Chris face and sees the fear in her eyes \"Chris what's wrong?\" My daughter goes to that school.\" Jim cusses under his breath and starts up his truck turning on the lights. Once Chris gets in, he floors it and speeds off with the siren blaring. They pull into the school parking lot and jump out leaving the lights flashing and run over to Hondo and the rest of the team as they arrive on scene. \"Ok here's the situation two armed gunmen have a first grade class held hostage in its classroom here's a list of the teachers and students that are in that class.\" Hondo hands Jim the list and he scans it and stops dead on a name he knows and he looks at Chris and she notices he's shaking and has rage in his eyes so does Hondo. \"Street do you know someone in there?\" \"Yes I do and so does Chris\" he looks back to her and sees her eyes widen \"what my daughters in there?\" \"Yes but I'm going to get her out safely one way or another. \" Hondo goes over a plan and the team goes into action. Jim and Chis are outside the classroom door when they hear gun shots and children screaming. \"street moving in ' he kicks the door open and draws the gunmen's attention away from the kids with Chris right next to him. One of the kids recognizes Chris and yells out \"mom!\" both Chris and the two gun men look over to the girl. The gunmen raised their ak47 to shoot her but Jim is faster shooting both in the shoulder. They both dropped their guns and Chris and Jim tackled them to the ground and cuff them. \"Street to 70David code 4 all clear\" Chris runs over to her daughter and hugs her and Jim notices a red dot on Chris's neck \"Chris get done \" Jim pushes her out of the way just as a bullet comes through the window hitting Jim the shoulder. Chris yells into her headset \"OFFICER DOWN repeat OFFICER DOWN. Jim struggles to draw his sidearm. He hears gunshots outside then hears Chris calling his name as he blacks out. Two hours after the surgery to remove the bullet from his shoulder Jim wakes up in a hospital bed seeing the entire swat team siting around him. He tries to get up but Chris noticed him and gently pushed him back down. \"How you feelin' Street?\" Hondo asked him. \"Like I was hit with the SWAT equip. truck.\" Everyone left except for Chris. As soon as everyone is gone Chris sits on the edge of his hospital bed. \"Thanks for taking the bullet that was meant for me I am in you debt.\" \"How about a date?\" Jim asked smiling. \"Yes I would like that.\" Chris says. A doctor comes in \"Chris Sanchez?\" \"Yes?\" Chris answers. \"We found your daughters biological father.\" \"Where and who?\" she asked. \"Well his name is Jim Street and he's right there.\" Chris looks at Jim surprised and Jim looks confused and surprised. \"I have a daughter?\" Jim asked.[Chapter 2] \"I have a daughter?\" Jim looks at the doctor then to Chris. Then it dawns on him \"wait Chris as in Christina Sanchez my ex-girlfriend from high school?\" \"Yes Jim I'm sorry I didn't tell you earlier…\" Chris says. Jim holds up his hand to stop her. \"I'm going to be there for my daughter and you now that I know I can't standby but know this I'm not just helping because of my daughter I'm helping because I'm falling for you Chris.\" Chris looks at Jim surprised. \"Really because I'm falling for you Jim' Chris leans down and kisses Jim and then helps him up \"your truck is parked outside in the lot.\" Jim gets dressed and walks with Chris out to his truck Jim gets in and drives to the LAPD and gets his gear and waits for Chris to get hers. \"Ok shall we go pick up Elise from school?\" \"Yes let's go\" Jim drives to the elementary and gets out and waits at the truck while Chris goes inside to get Elise. Chris comes out holding Elise hand in her other hand is her car seat. Jim takes the car seat and straps in in the backseat then help Elise into it and buckles her in while Chris climbs in. Jim jumps in and drives to Chris's house and parks behind her SUV and gets out and helps Elise get out then he grabs their gear and follows Chris and Elise inside. Once inside, Jim sits on the couch and waits for Elise to put away her school things. Chris walks over and sits down on the couch but leaves a space between them for Elise to sit. Elise come from her room and sits between them \"Elise there is something that mommy needs to tell you.\" \"Is Jim going to marry mommy?\" \"Maybe but there is something you should know I am you father Elise.\" Elise looks surprised and hugs Jim tightly. \"Elise will you let me be your father from now on?\" \"Of course papa\" \"ok, Elise goes do your homework I need to talk to your father for a while.\" \"Ok mommy.\" Elise runs to her room and Jim pulls Chris to his side. \"Jim would you move in with us?\" \"Of course I will Chris\" Chris smiles and leans in for a kiss then gets up and starts to make dinner. Jim goes to spend some time with Elise. It's Saturday morning and Jim wakes up before Chris \" god she is beautiful when she is sleeping\" he watches her sleep in his arms. About five minutes later Chris starts to wake up. \"Morning sleepy head\" \"what time is it Jim?\" \"Its 07:30 Elise is watching cartoons and eating cereal. At that moment Jim's phone starts ringing. \"Hello?\" \"Hey Jim its boxer I'm at your apartment, where are you?\" \"Why are you at my apartment boxer?\" \"Laura asked me to come and talk to you.\" \"Ok I'll be right over \"Jim hangs up the phone and cusses under his breath \"Jim need any help?\" Chris said \"yes would you mind riding with me to my apartment to explain to boxer I is not getting back together with his sister?\" \"Sure I'll go get dressed could you get Elise dressed?\" \"Sure\" Jims gets dressed then goes and helps Elise get dressed and into the truck and starts it up so It can warm up while they wait for Chris. Chris climbs in and Jim drives to his apartment and sees boxer standing by his car. Jim climbs out and grabs Elise. Boxer looks confused and asked Jim. \"Babysitting Jim really?\" \"No I'm not as it turns out Elise is my daughter\" Boxer stopped laughing and looked between Jim and Chris standing next to him. \"So this means I have to tell Laura no right?\" \"Yes boxer I'm taken.\" He shakes his head and leaves. Jim looks at Chris and smiles before putting Elise back into her car seat then climbs into the truck and drives to LAPD. Once there Elise is picked up by her babysitter and Jim and Chris go into the locker room and change. Then they walk to Hondo's office. Two hours later Hondo tells them that someone is waiting for them by their truck. Jim and Chris walk over to his truck and then see Laura standing there. \"Laura what are you doing here?\" \"To do this!\" Laura pulls a gun on Chris \"you dare take Jim away from me?\" Jim hit a button on his belt and the klaxon goes off and he raises his side arm and aims it at Laura. \"Drop it Laura! NOW!\" boxer comes running all geared up, but stops dead when he sees what's going on \"LAURA drop the gun now!\" Laura fires at Chris and Jim shoves Chris out of the way and tackles Laura. He knocks the gun out of her hand and cuffs her. Jim walks over to Chris. \"You ok?\" \"Yeah I'm fine\" Laura is walked to a waiting car to take her to processing. \"Jim walks over to his truck and takes out a first aid kit and patches up his arm. Chris walks over and hugs him \"Thank you again Jimmy.\" \"You're welcome but I realized something when she had that gun pointed at you.\" \"What did you realize Jim? Chris looks worriedly at Jim. \"I realized that I have deeper feeling for you than I thought I've fallen head over heels for you.\" \"Same here Jim\" Everyone around them cheered. ","Summary":" Two days after the whole Alex Montel incident. Jim Street woke up at 05:00 and goes for a run on th"},{"Movie":"SWAT","Title":"The Organization","Author":"TheSindarinSpirit","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11549834","Passage":"[Chapter 1] SWAT Chapitre 1. 5 ans plus tard. « Allez Jimmy, viens avec moi ! On sa se faire un max, plus besoin de bosser pour ces enfoirés de merde ! T'es complètement cinglé… Moi cinglé ? J'te signale que TU m'as balancé à ce connard de Fuller, partenaire… Arrête tu sais très bien que c'est des conneries, jamais j'aurais pu faire ça ! Ah oui ? Alors comment tu expliques que ton p'tit cul soit toujours bien au chaud au S.W.A.T., hein ? On a merdé ensemble sur c'coup-là, alors il a bien dû se passer quelque chose pour qu'ils acceptent de te réintégrer sans problème… Merde Gamble j't'ai pas balancé ! Va chier Street ! C'est de ta faute si j'en suis là aujourd'hui ! » Jim Street se réveilla en sursaut, comme chaque matins depuis bientôt cinq ans. Il se leva afin de se passer un peu d'eau sur le visage, au lavabo de sa petite salle de bain. Jim n'avais pas quitté l'appartement qu'il avait à l'époque entrepris de louer pour lui et Lara. C'est seulement grâce à sa petite promotion qu'il avait pu le garder. Il leva les yeux vers le miroir accroché au-dessus du lavabo, le visage encore dégoulinant. Une petite carte postale tenait au bout d'un morceau de scotch au coin du miroir. « Salut grand frère, tout se passe bien ici, le Népal est un pays vraiment magnifique. On s'appelle bientôt xx Mia. » En dessous de la carte était collé un petit post-it rose : « 14 septembre, 11h. LAX. » Jim arracha le post-it afin d'être sûr d'avoir bien lu. « Merde, Mia ! » Il se souvint que sa sœur jumelle devait rentrer aujourd'hui de sa mission humanitaire au Népal. Jim attrapa les clés de sa voiture, et sauta dans sa Chevrolet sans plus attendre. Au même moment, Brian Gamble franchissait le seuil du « Blue Shamrock », chose qu'il n'avait pas faite depuis bien trop longtemps à son goût. C'était son premier jour en tant qu' « homme libre ». Il avait besoin d'un verre. Gamble s'avança dans le Pub, marchant d'un pas plutôt assuré, comme s'il était chez lui. Les regards ne tardèrent pas se tourner vers lui. Seuls les habitués du Pub étaient déjà là aux aurores. Or Gamble lui aussi en était un, et c'est pourquoi aucuns d'entre eux ne manqua pas alors de remarquer son entrée. Un des hommes qui étaient accoudés au comptoir laissa échapper un rire moqueur. « Ça alors, regardez qui voilà. T'es pas censé être en taule toi ? J't'emmerde O'Neil, rétorqua Gamble. Soit pas si susceptible mon choux, le taquina-t-il, on est déjà bien sympas de ne pas te foutre dehors avec un coup d'pied au cul ! » Gamble resta muet. Il avait conscience que sa situation ne lui permettrait pas de faire un seul pas de travers. Il se souvint des paroles du Capitaine Harrelson, aujourd'hui à la tête du S.W.A.T. de L.A. : « Ecoute mon gars, toutes les conneries que tu as faites, j'veux plus en entendre parler. Fais ton boulot et tout se passera bien. Mais ose te foutre de moi, et je te réexpédie au trou. T'as qu'une chance, saisie-la. Bien Monsieur, avait acquiescé Gamble. Alors bon retour parmi nous. » C'est à contrecœur qu'il avait accepté de rejoindre le S.W.A.T. ce jour-là. Mais… « Plutôt crever que de retourner au trou, marmonna-t-il à voix basse. Qu'est-ce que tu dis ? interrogea le barman qui venait de surgir de derrière le comptoir. Hey, Jason ! s'exclama Gamble, surpris. Oh t'inquiète, j'parle tout seul, une mauvaise habitude que j'ai prise en taule. Ah je vois. Viens par-là, lança Jason en lui faisant signe d'approcher, qu'est-ce que j'te sers ? Comme d'hab' ! répondit Gamble en s'accoudant au bar. Ça marche, dit le barman en attrapant un verre à bière. Alors, dis-moi, comme ça se fait que tu sois sorti aussi tôt, j'veux dire… t'as quand même bien déconné… Aah, souffla Gamble, et bien, j'me suis tenu à carreau ! s'esclaffa-t-il. Mec, avec tout ce qu'on a pu raconter à ton sujet, plus les infos, pardonne-moi si j'ai du mal à te croire. » Le barman tendit le verre à Gamble sans le lâcher du regard, comme pour obtenir des réponses de sa part. Gambla ne daigna pas baisser les yeux car il aimait les défis, et il était hors de question qu'il se fasse marcher dessus une seconde fois. « Faut croire que j'ai de la chance ! répondit Gamble en haussant les épaule. Ouais, ça va, j'ai compris, tu diras rien, c'est ça ? Y'a rien à dire, mec ! Je suis libre, c'est tout ! s'exclama Gamble avant de boire une gorgée. En tout cas, j'voudrais pas être à ta place si je venais à croire Street… lança le barman. » A ce nom, Gamble eut un sursaut. Il lâcha un rire nerveux. « Il est toujours dans le coin ? Oh que oui, exagéra Jason. » Gamble se sentit mal à l'aise. Certes, l'idée de croiser son ancien partenaire lui avait traversée l'esprit. Mais de là à en entendre parler si tôt… Cela ne le rassura pas. Il savait que Street ne lui pardonnerait jamais ses actes. Ses cinq dernières années d'incarcération lui avait permis de méditer sur son passé. Et il savait qu'il avait bien plus que merdé cette fois-ci. « Alors… il vient toujours ici hein… sorti Gamble en essayant de cacher une certaine inquiétude dans son ton. Ouep. Et il me semble même qu'il devait récupérer sa frangine à l'aéroport aujourd'hui, lança Jason. » A ces mots, Gamble se figea. L'inquiétude qu'il essayait jusqu'alors de dissimuler se changea en peur. Une terrible angoisse. Mia.[Chapter 2] S.W.A.T. Chapter 1 5 years later. \"Come on Jimbo, come with me! We're gonna make shitloads of money, no need to work for these fuckers anymore! You're mad… Me? Well, I'll have you know that you rat me up to this motherfucker Fuller, partner… Stop it, you know this is bullshit, I'd have never do that! Oh yeah? Then how do you explain that you're pretty ass is still getting comfortable in S.W.A.T., uh? We both fucked up on this one, so something must have happened, because it seems that they brought you back in without any problem… Fuck Gamble, I didn't rat you up! Fuck off Street! It's all your fault if I'm here today!\" Jim Street woke up with a start, like every morning since five years now. He stood up in order to put some water on his face, at the sink of his small bathroom. Jim did not have left the apartment he and Lara had plan to rent. He had been able to keep it only thanks to his little promotion. He raised his eyes to the hung mirror above the sink , the water was still dripping on his face. A little postcard was stuck with a piece of scotch tape in the corner of the mirror. Hi bro, everything's fine here, Nepal is truly a beautiful country. Talk to you soon on the phone xx Mia. Below the card was stuck a small pink post-it: \"September 14th, 11 AM. LAX.\" Jim snached the post-it to see if he had read it correctly. \"Damn it, Mia!\" He remembered that his twin sister was coming back today from her humanitarian mission in Nepal. Jim caught his car keys, and jumped in his Chevrolet without further delay. Meanwhile, Brian Gamble was crossing the treshold of the Blue Shamrock , something he had not done for too long. It was his first day as a \"free man\". He needed a drink. Gamble walked into the Pub, with a quite assured walk, as if he was home. Regards did not take long to turn towards him. Only regulars were already there at dawn. Yet, Gamble also was one, and that is why none of them missed his entry. One of the men who were leant against the counter let slip a mocking laugh. \"Well, well, well, look who's there. Aren't you supposed to be in jail boy? - Fuck you O'Neil\", Gamble answered. \"Don't be so touchy my dear\", he teased him, \"we're quite nice not to kick your ass out of here!\" Gamble remained quiet. He was conscious that his situation did not allow him to make any mistake. He remembered Captain Harrelson's words, nowadays head of L.A.'s S.W.A.T.: \"Listen boy, all the bullshits you've done, I don't wanna hear about it anymore. Do your job and everything's gonna be fine. But don't you dare be kidding be, or I'll put your ass back in jail. You only have one chance, you better take it. - Yes Sir\", Gamble had affirmed. \"Then welcome back.\" On that day, he had reluctantly accepted to join back the S.W.A.T.. But… \"I'd rather die than come back to jail\", he muttered in a low voice. \"Hey, Jason !\" Gamble shouted out, surprised. \"Ha, don't worry, I'm talking to myself, bad use I took in jail.\" \"Ha, I see. Come here\", Jason said, \"what do you want ?\" \"As usual !\" Gamble answered while he was leaning against the bar. \"Works for me!\" the barman said by taking a beer glass. \"So, tell me, how can you be already out, I mean… you fucked up quite well…\" \"Haaa...\", Gamble sighed, \"well, I watched my step !\" he laughed. \"Man, with all that can have been said, plus the news, forgive me if I have some issues to trust you.\" The barman gave Gamble his drink without taking his eyes off him, as if to obtain answers from him. Gamble did not deign to lower his eyes because he enjoyed challenges, and there was no way he would get walked all over again. \"Well, maybe I'm lucky afterall !\" Gamble answered before he shrugged. \"All right, I get it, you won't say anything, will you ? - There's nothing to say man! I'm free and that's it !\" Gamble yelled before he drank a sip. \"Anyway, I wouldn't want to be in your shoes these days if I had to cross Street's way…\" The barman declared. Gamble jerked. He let slip a nervous laugh. « He's still nearby... ? - Hell yes !\" Jason exaggerated. Gamble suddenly felt ill at ease. Of course, the idea of bumping into his ex-partner had crossed his mind. But to hear about him so soon… It did not reassure him. He knew Street would never forgive him his acts. These last five years of detention had allowed him to meditate on his past. And he knew he had more that just fucked up this time. \"So, he's still coming in here, uh...\" Gamble said by trying to hide a certain anxiety in his tone. \"Yup. And if I remember well, he was supposed to pick up his sister at the airport today\", Jason said. Gamble freezed. The anxiety he was trying to hide turned into fear. A terrible distress. Mia. ","Summary":" SWAT Chapitre 1. 5 ans plus tard. « Allez Jimmy, viens avec moi ! On sa se faire un max, plus besoi"},{"Movie":"SWAT","Title":"What about Boxer?","Author":"PeoplePerson","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2885591","Passage":"[Chapter 1] What about Boxer? Author's note: Didn't anyone wonder whatnhappened to poor Boxer? He was my favorite character! Disclaimer: I don't own any one the characters featured in this fic, nor will Intry to make any money out of them. Good enough? Thank you. Micheal Boxer sat up in bed, cold sweat on his face. He groaned, slidnout of bed, careful not to wake his wife and padded down the hallwaynto the bathroom. Once there he splashed cold water on his face. He had been back with the team for a month now, and his bad dreamsnhad stopped. He had thought. He couldn't stop thinking about TJ. Hencouldn't get over the feelings of betrayal, the guilt at not noticingnwhat was up with his best friend sooner, the pain. Everyday was anstruggle. He went out with the team, hung-out with them, didneverything he used to, but all the time, that empty feeling wasnthere, gnawing away at the insides of his stomach. \" Hey Box!\" \" Mornin' Street!\" it was the next morning and the team were in the locker room. Boxernpulled his jacket on, wincing as his neck twinged. \" You okay, Box?\"Dan 'Hondo' Harrelson, the team leader, askednhim. \" Sure.\" Boxer replied. Hondo's eyes lingered on him for a second, as if he was unsurenwhether to believe him or not, but Boxer gave him what he hoped was anconvincing nod and he turned away. \" All right team.\" Hondo began, \" We've got a busy schedulentoday. Training all day, unless something comes are way. Got it?\" \" Yes Hondo.\" The team chorused. \" All right. I'll meet you on the range. Go, go,go!\" The team ran out Boxer close behind, but Hondo stopped him. \" Boxer, tell me the truth. What's up?\" \" Nothing sir.\" Boxer couldn't believe that Hondo was that blind. \" It's TJ, isn't it?\" Well, maybe not that blind! \" Sir...\" \" Look Michael. I'm not going to listen to any bullshit. Nonexcuses, got me?\" \" Yes sir.\"[Chapter 2] Disclaimer: Still not mine. They went into Hondo's office, andnHondo gestured for Boxer to sit. Boxer shook his head. \" Sit!\" Hondo commanded him. He sat. Hondo pulled up a chair and put a handnon his young friend's shoulder. \" Boxer... Talk to me.\" Boxer looked at the ground, \"nHondo... I don't know if I can do this.\" \" Sure you can kid. You're strong. Wenboth know that.\" \" It's just... I can't believe Indidn't notice that something was up with TJ. I can't believe therenwas something up with TJ in the first place!\" He was shouting now.nHe looked down at the ground, \" Sorry.\" \" S'okay.\" Hondo was beingnuncharacteristically gentle. \" No! It's not! Don't you get itnHondo? What TJ did, I... He betrayed you, he betrayed me... I justncan't... Why'd he have to shoot himself Hondo?\" Sorry this chapter's a bit short. I'llndo better next time. ","Summary":" What about Boxer? Author's note: Didn't anyone wonder whatnhappened to poor Boxer? He was my favori"},{"Movie":"SWAT","Title":"Never is Enough","Author":"stainedglasshorse","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3872086","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ok guys. This story has been sitting on my computer for literally over a year. I briefly skimmed through it but I just loved writing it so much I wanted to share it. Please be entirely honest when you review (because I know you will, haha) love, mary Smiling as he remembered the day met her. Jim Street had a rough exterior, he had to, being a top-notch SWAT member, but underneath that 'no-shit' attitude a very normal man lived. Looking over at the petite woman across to him in the SWAT van, her gaze fixated on the school picture of her daughter, he shook his head and leaned back, cradling his injured hand. ----------------------------------- Walking into the hospital Street and Hondo were investigating somebody named Chris Sanchez for a spot on the SWAT team. As they head towards the room the nurse points to, they pass a Latino man thoroughly beaten up. The young police officer standing guard over him shakes his head quickly when asked if it was his work, his partner Chris' he says. As they walk into the room, they see a woman being bandaged, quickly apologizing and explaining they have the wrong room, the woman asks who they are looking for. When they recite the name she slowly replies \"I'm Chris Sanchez\" That was the beginning of the end for Street. Sanchez became his part of his team, and they worked well together. Chris' playful sarcasm yet honest love for the job, and even more for her daughter, brought a whole new element to the job. He had always felt a 'vibe' when he was around her, nothing he could intelligently explain but something he knew he def. knew wanted more of. She exuded a don't-need-nobody attitude yet deep down, in instantaneous flashes there was a vulnerability to her. She was so complicated and intense at times and at others so simple and carefree. Jim had been a clubber, a player, a drinker. He often woke up with somebody else in his bed, or in somebody else's bed. He struggled to maintain that reputation after he met Chris, but all the women he met were instantly sized up against her and none even came close in his mind. What pained him the most was that somebody had the nerve to hurt Chris, largely accounting for her no bullshit persona. When ever he thought about the man who left her, pregnant and alone, he found his blood pressure rising and his hands balled into tight fists. It was a good thing Chris never was accepted onto SWAT until her daughter was 8 and she herself was over it, because Jim would have personally tortured that man, SWAT style. With his bare hands. Each and every day he began to look forward to work, to working with the intelligent, resourceful woman, sometimes alone. Nothing could convince him that he was in the same league as her, not by a long run. So, he contented himself with a deep friendship with her and her daughter, who he came to love, almost as his own. Every mission they went on, he was concerned for her safety, sometimes saying a little prayer, something he had never done before in his life, not even as a child, to keep her safe. Nobody ever knew any of this however; his tight personality came from years in the Navy Seals, SWAT and police training. It was this lack of communication that probably contributed to many bad feelings in those around him. -------------------------------------------------- By far the most complicated and disturbing case to ever hit SWAT was the international millionaire Alex Montel. That son of a bitch made an offer on public television of $100 million to who ever helped him escape the authorities. This made every law enforcement officer in Las Angeles wish to apply for leave. Crowds of fans from the adoring public gathered to cheer him on, while some more daring when captured, he offered $100 million to whoever broke him out, on national TV. That was the breaking point. Schemes from every section of the population of the city tried their best to outsmart the police. Crowds gathered to cheer him on, snipers shot down a helicopter coming to retrieve him and transfer him to Federal custody. The whole law enforcement sector was in a tailspin, not just SWAT. This is when Street took a look at his life, but not before his team member, TJ McKabe. In an effort to collect the reward money, he partnered with bitter ex-SWAT Brian Gamble; Street's old partner no less, and injured their comrade, Boxer to take off with the millionaire. Street tried his best and along with his crew, they followed a plane until it landed on a bridge. That's when the real confrontation began. Saying one of his little prayers before he jumped out, he hoped for the best. That was the defining battle of Street's life. He was forced to go against his former partner, on railroad tracks. How it ended still haunts him. Being decapitated by a train was not the way he meant for it to go but any sentimental attachment he may have had for his ex-partner died when Gamble became a threat to others, and the only thing on his mind was doing his job. ------------------------------------------------- Lifting his head once more he cast another glance over to Chris. Still clutching her daughter's photo she was also cradling her arm, where she had been shot, the shock wearing off and the pain setting in. Looking around to the other men, he saw all were tired and spent, yet when Hondo called back to them that there was another case in town, suddenly the effects of the night drained away, leaving only a reserve of energy and will to do their job. With a sigh Chris put her daughter's photo back, and joined the others in putting their gear back on. Sooo? What do you think? The next few chapters are already written and will probably be posted within the next few hours but stilll! Feedback is love. Reviews Feedback. Plus I've been known to give out cookies... -nudge-[Chapter 2] WOWWWWW. It has been forever and a day since I updated anything, much less this story! SORRRRY! Life has a way of distracting me from stuff...like fanfiction. But here we go. I think this chapter is MUCH better than the previous...I'm actually embarrassed I posted that one. This is very human, very real and very long. Well for me at least. Let me know what you think! It wasn't until that night that the reality set in. Yeah, they had felt it in the truck but when they returned to the locker room and saw TJ's locker….collectively they all lost it. Street's jaw formed a hard line and his eyes lingered on the placard with the name 'McKabe, TJ' surrounded by cold steel. There was so much there that no outside people would ever understand. This job was a singular focus and they trusted each other more than they would ever trust anyone else. Probably why SWAT members had such shitty luck with relationships. Swallowing back his disgust he moved to his own locker and sat down on the bench in front of it silently, holding his head. Deke watched the veteran officer with sad eyes, TJ had betrayed them all and that hurt. Not even just the betrayal but seeing the effect on the others, it killed them a little bit. Chris was overwhelmed. She was injured but by the grace of god would be going home to her daughter. So much had changed in the past few hours. When she needed comforting it had been him, now she saw his obvious pain and knew what she had to do. Slowly walking over she sat down on the bench next to Street, silently offering her companionship. They had similar personalities…both tough and no bullshit, but still human. She heard a choking noise and looked over to see him raise his head, unshed tears glimmering in his eyes. She twisted and offered him a hug, allowing him to bury his head in her hair and felt her own tears welling up. Neither one knew how long they sat there, holding each other as if their lives depended on it but eventually they realized that Hondo was telling Deke to go home and weren't surprised when he did the same to them. They nodded and stood, Sanchez accepting an unasked invitation for Street to drive her home. Both because of her injury and because she knew that this wasn't over for them, not by a long shot. His eyes focused on the road, his mouth set in a hard line and his expression deadly. She reached over and put her good hand on top of his, that lay on the armrest between them, and when he turned to look at her met his gaze evenly. No words were needed, they knew what was happening. As they pulled up in front of her house he saw all the lights off and looked at her questioningly. She smiled lightly and said \"My mother took Eliza for the night.\" As she got out of the car she saw him wrestling with emotions and decided to make it easier for him. \"Listen Street, I…I don't feel like being alone tonight and I was wondering if you wanted to hang out tonight…I mean, its ok if you don't. I-\" She was silenced by his grateful look as he slammed the door of his car and crossed around to her side. \"Thank you. I…I don't want to either. Be alone. Ya know.\" He mumbled. She smiled at him and nodded towards the door. As they walked in she turned and said \"Just because I asked you to stay doesn't mean you get laid…\" with a grin, remembering their banter from training. He laughed as he followed her in. Street woke up to sunlight streaming in the windows and a warm body curled at his side, he looked down and saw her tearstained cheeks and shook his head. As he looked around he saw the empty bottles and cups on the table, a reminder of their night. He felt her shifting and smiled softly \"Hey\" as her eyes met his. She smiled back and stretched, her body still weary. When he began to stand she sat up and looked around \"We certainly had quite a night, didn't we\" He laughed and began gathering the remnants of their evening. When she protested he just shook his head and brought them to the kitchen. After depositing the bottles in the recycling bucket and the glasses in the dishwasher he stopped to look at the fridge. It was covered with artwork and graded papers, posted by a mother proud of her child and a child who loved her mother so much. He walked over and took a photo out from under its magnet. It was a photo from Eliza's birthday party. He was leaning into a huddle with Eliza and her friends as the girl's mother watched with a loving look in her eyes. She walked into the kitchen and immediately knew what photo he was looking at and smiled. She loved that photo, it captured so much- the funloving side of the man holding it, the pure joy her daughter had and the love she had for both of them. She hadn't even realized it but she had been falling for him, slowly but surely. That was one of the things they discussed last night, the shift in their relationship. Not much had been decided, aside from the fact that they were done pretending and wanted to give this a real shot. She decided to rouse him from his overthinking and walked towards him purposefully. \"It was hilarious, you teaching them the tactical way to get into her playhouse and surprise the 'suspect'. She loved it though\" She spoke lightly as she slipped her good arm around his waist from behind. \"She still can't stop talking about how awesome you are and loves telling everyone about her mom's 'cool' friend.\" He laughed and shook his head \"So I'm cool now? I guess I'm movin up in the world\" he paused thoughtfully and slid the paper back under its magnet and turned to face her \"She's a great kid Chris, a really great kid. Your doin' a good job with her.\" They were interrupted by the coffee maker percolating and laughed and she walked over the kitchen table and sat down, with him following suit. She looked at him and was surprised when he spoke first. \"I'll answer your question, I don't know what we are or where we are headed. I mean last night we agreed to try and I think that's all we should worry about right now…trying.\" He paused and looked into her eyes as he continued \"Full disclosure, from the start. I'm messed up. You know this but I don't want my issues to ever effect you or Eliza…that would kill me. I'm better with you though, I feel human again…whole again.\" She reached over and grabbed his hand. \"Full disclosure? You gotta be shittin me Jim. We each have our issues, we know that. I'm not gonna dump you because you have a past, just like I know you aren't going to leave me because I have a kid. It's a two way street too, I'm here for you when you need it and your there for me. That's all we are and all we need.\" She hesitated and then continued \"I just want one thing from you, I want you to talk to me. We both tend to clam up and get defensive but I'm gonna work on it. I want you to as well…because damn it my daughter and I love you and I would have to kick your ass if this fell apart because you are too damn proud to tell me whats bothering you. You got that?\" He nodded and looked over at her \"I can do that.\" Then he stood up and grabbed two mugs from the cabinet and poured coffee into them. As he sat down and handed her the requisite post alcohol black coffee, he said \"I think we're gonna be ok…\" Okkk. So I'm thinking this is the end. It feels like a good ending point. I'm open to any suggestions or whatnot but this will most likely conclude our journey. Should I make a sequel? ","Summary":" Ok guys. This story has been sitting on my computer for literally over a year. I briefly skimmed th"},{"Movie":"SWAT","Title":"The Past is Back","Author":"NewYorkNewYorkGirl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4025591","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chrisnsighed distractedly as she wandered through her house, picking upnblankets and other objects that had been thrown haphazardly aroundnthe room. It would have been a pefect way to spend some free time atnhome - being domestic. Except she was supposed to be at work. Itnwas a slow night, and most crimes were able to be resolved by thenLAPD. The team had been lifting weights and working out in the gymnwhen Emily, Eliza's babysitter, called. The young girl who was anSenior in high school was frantic. Eliza was running a temperaturenof a hundred and two and couldn't stop throwing up. All she wantednwas her mother. Shenwas relieved as hell when Hondo told her to pack up and go home, butnto be prepared should they be called out. There was no point in hernhanging around waiting when her daughter needed her. \"Hownya feeling, munchkin?\" she asked softly, gently placing the backnof her hand on her daughters forehead. She still felt warm, but as anmother, she knew that fevers just had to run their course. Elizanmoaned in response to her mothers question. She was curled up on thencouch, shivering. Despite a fever, she felt cold, though her motherntold her differently. Her normally dark skin was unusually pale. nThe babysitter had placed a garbage can next to her when she couldn'tnstop throwing up. The box of kleenex was now half empty. Elizanhad been feeling ill for a few days and they'd already gone to seenthe doctor who said it was a touch of the flu, and that there wasn'tnmuch he could do to allievate how she felt. Chris hated seeing hernbaby like that. \"Inthink it's time you go to bed,\" she said firmly, but quietly. Elizanshook her little head in protest. She had spent much of the lastnthree days in bed. Chrisnsmirked a little. \"Alright, a few more minutes, and then you'rengoing to bed. Got it?\" \"Yes,\"nshe mumbled. Chrisnwandered into the kitchen to boil some water when the phone rang. nShe grabbed the cordless from it's base and answered. \"Hello?\" \"Hey,\"nJim smiled. \"How's Eliza feeling?\" \"Miserable,\"nChris answered, smiling gently at the fact that Jim called. Theynhad been partners now for nearly a year. But only recently had theyntaken their relationship off the job from flirting, to somethingnmore. Neither were really sure what it was, but both knew that theynwere happy to find out. A little scared, but it was a great feeling. Thenteam just couldn't know. Not yet. Not officially. But they bothnsuspected that their team mates knew that something was going on . .n. they knew that the department would frown upon partners beingnromantically involved, but at this point, there was nothingnprohibiting it, either. It was a technicality, really. Partnersnof LAPD were prohibited from seeing one another, but it didn'tnspecify SWAT officers as being under the same restrictions. Chrisnwas the first female SWAT cop on the beat. So far, after a year, shenwas still the only female. \"Youndon't sound so good yourself,\" he told her. \"Shutnup, man,\" she said half-heartedly, and without malice. \"Justntired.\" \"Yeahnwe have been pulling long shifts lately,\" he summed up. He satndown on the bench near his locker. Hondo had permitted them a shortnbreak before they would run a couple of simulations. \"Yeah,nhaving a sick kid doesn't help,\" she sighed. She looked intonthe living room and did not see her daughter on the couch anymore. n\"Eliza? Where'd you go?\" She could feel the panic risingnin her throat. She couldn't describe it. But she felt like therenwas evil lurking. Therenwas no response from her daughter. \"Eliza?\" \"What'sngoing on?\" Jim asked. He knew that Chris hadn't been at easenlately. But he also knew that it wasn't normal for Eliza to justndisappear, or to not answer when her mother called for her. \"Incan't find her,\" she answered quickly. \"Mommy,\"nChris heard. Jimnheard Chris breath a sigh of relief and he could only assume that hernwhereabouts were now known. \"Oh,nbaby,\" Chris said gently as she opened the downstairs bathroomndoor. Jimnheard the toilet being flushed. \"She was in the bathroom,\"nshe informed him. Hensmirked. \"Obviously.\" \"Shutnup,\" she said with a little more conviction and amusement thisntime as she ushered Eliza out of the bathroom. \"What's thatnsmell?\" she asked quietly to herself. Henlaughed. \"Well, you know, if you were just in the bathroom withna sick kid -\" \"It'sngas,\" she said. \"Funny,nyou read my mind.\" \"Oh,nGod,\" she whispered before dropping the phone. \"ELIZA!\" Hisnheart dropped in his chest as the phone fell to the hardwood floornwith a thud. Suddenly, the phone went dead. \"Chris?\"nJim asked. \"Chris?\" He stood up from his place on thenbench near his locker. Deke and Hondo who were almost completelyndressed in their SWAT gear turned to look at Street. He ended thencall he'd placed to Chris when it was obvious that she wasn't goingnto answer him. \"The line went dead.\" \"What'dnyou say to piss her off this time?\" Boxer asked as he came outnof the mens washroom. \"Carlson is already waiting outside,nHondo.\" Carlson was TJ's replacement on the team. ThenPolice Commissioner came barrelling into the room. \"Where'snSanchez?\" he barked. \"Home,\"nStreet answered quickly. \"Why?\" His heart beat increased.n Something definitely wasn't right. \"Wenjust got a report that the house located at 845 Wellington Avenuenjust blew up.\" \"That'snChris' house, isn't it?\" Boxer asked, stunned. \"Shensaid she smelt gas,\" Jim whispered, unable to move for a moment.n When he realized that he was just standing there, his entire bodyntook off like a bullet from a gun. TBCn. . . .[Chapter 2] \"Jesus!\"nHondo barked as he sat up in the front passenger seat of the Suburbannthat Jim was driving. \"MOVE!\"nJim barked at the people in vehicles that surrounded him, though theyncouldn't hear him. His jaw was set tightly as he sped through thenbusy LA streets, his police lights flashing. Thennormally 20 minute drive from SWAT Headquarters to Chris' home tooknseven minutes. To Jim, though, the dangerously fast ride seemed tontake forever. As henturned on to the street, he slowed drastically, due to fire rescuenand police vehicles that littered the narrow roadway. And of course,nthe onlookers. His heartnwas beating wildly in his throat, so loud that that was all he couldnhear. He thrustnhis foot on the brake, the large SUV lurching to a stop. His doornwas open before he had even finished throwing the gear shift into thenpark position. When henneared the barricade that had been set up around the perimeter of thenhouse, a large fire fighter grabbed his shoulder, preventing him fromngoing any further. \"I'mnSWAT,\" Jim told him, shrugging the mans arm away. \"Nonindividual other than those battling flames are allowed any closer,\"nthe gruff voice told him. \"Not even SWAT.\" Jim turnednto give the man a steely glare, but as he turned around, he saw themnsitting in an ambulance on the stretcher inside. \"Oh,nthank God,\" he whispered. He didn't even give the man a secondnthought as he quickly headed towards the EMT vehicle. Chris wasnhugging Eliza to her side as the girl was being checked out. Shenkissed her daughters temple a few times, slowly rocking them back andnforth, a move Jim suspected she didn't even realize she was doing. \"Hey,\"nhe greeted them softly, not really sure of what else to say. Bothnbrunette heads turned to look at him. He noted their tired eyes, andnsmall smiles that lit their faces when they saw it was him. \"Are younboth OK?\" Jim asked. \"We'llnbe fine, won't we munchkin?\" Chris tried to sound a little morenupbeat than she felt. \"Yeah,\"nEliza whispered as she leaned her head against Chris' side. Jim noddednhis head and shared a brief look with the EMT. He looked at the mannfor confirmation that they were fine. \"Eliza,nyou are a brave girl,\" he spoke. He pulled out some alcohol swabsnto clean a small cut on her forehead. \"This is going to sting forna second, OK?\" Elizannodded her head slightly, closed her eyes, and held on to her mothersnhand tightly. She visibly flinched, and cried out in pain when thenalcohol swab touched the open wound. It brokenJim's heart to hear Eliza in pain, and it hurt him to see Chrisnhurting for her daughter as well. \"Doesnshe need stitches?\" Chris asked him quietly. \"No,\"nthe girl protested tiredly. \"No stitches.\" The EMTnshook his head no. \"It's just a small cut. It should healnitself in a couple of days.\" He took off the gloves he wore whilenworking on Eliza, and then pulled out a second pair. \"We reallynneed to make sure you're OK, Ms. Sanchez,\" he told her honestly. \"I'mnfine,\" she dismissed him. \"Chrisn–\" Jim started. \"I saidnI'm fine.\" The EMTnwas frustrated. \"You were unconscious. You could have anconcussion.\" He motioned to the bump that was forming on hernforehead. \"I'mnrefusing treatment,\" she told him, standing up and stepping downnfrom the ambulance quickly, despite the headache that assaulted herntemples. She reached out for Eliza to grab her hand and come out ofnthe ambulance, but the EMT stopped her. \"What now?\" The mannsighed. \"I get it. You're stubborn and you don't neednanyone's help. Understood. But I know how these things work,\"nhe motioned to the burning house. \"You are going to have to givenyour statement to the Police, and my partner and I have to stay herenin case of any of the firefighters inhale too much smoke or somethingnand they need medical treatment.\" \"So?\" \"Yourndaughter is sick and has been through a lot tonight, and unless younhave someone here that you trust and can take her home with them, yountwo are going to be here for a little while yet. She needs to rest. nJust let her stay in the back of the ambulance while you get yournstatement out of the way.\" She sizednthe guy up and realized that he wasn't trying to irritate her. n\"I'm sorry for being a bitch. It's just been a long night.\" \"Inunderstand.\" He stepped out of the ambulance himself and sat downnon the tailgate of the vehicle. \"I'll stay here and keep an eyenon her if you would like to go find someone to take your statement.\" \"Thanks,\"nshe whispered, taking a peak over at Eliza who had already laid downnon the bed and was resting comfortably. Well, as comfortably as ankid could considering their house was on fire. Jim gaventhe man a thankful nod and then put his hand on the small of Chris'nback, guiding her towards a parked cruiser. \"How you holding up?\" \"Honestly?\"nshe sighed. \"Not so good.\" She furiously wiped a stray tearnthat trailed down from her eye. \"God, Jim. I'm her mother. I'mnsupposed to protect her.\" \"Youndid.\" \"Did I?\"n She shook her head, not believing it. \"Hey,\"nhe said firmly, grabbing her arm and turning her to face him. Whennthey made eye contact, he could see the fear in her eyes. Thenglistening, unshed tears. Chris never cried, and she was fighting itnso hard. \"You are both alive and safe. How can you think thatnhaven't protected her?\" \"Shencould have died tonight!\" \"Younjust about died tonight, too!\" Chrisnlooked at the ground and brought her hands up to her face, shieldingnthe world from seeing her tears fall. Her shoulders shook and all hencould do was pull her into an embrace. He kissed the top of hernhead, much like she had done with Eliza in the back of the ambulance. A fewnminutes later, she had recomposed herself and Jim had to ask. So,nsoftly, he asked the question that he'd been needing to know thenanswer to. \"What happened?\" Shenshrugged. The two leaned against the car casually, as if beingncareful to not allow their co-workers to see how close they'dnbecome – as if the hug hadn't spoke volumes. \"I rememberntalking to you, and then smelling the gas. I heard a clicking noisencoming from the kitchen. I had lit the burner on the stove to boilnsome water. I just reacted. I got us out the front door and afternthat, all I remember is being woken up by Mary.\" Jim lookednover at the middle aged woman who was talking to the police, givingnher account of the nights events. Chris continued. \"Shensaid she was sitting on her front porch having a cigarette when wencame out the front door, and the next thing she heard was a loudnexplosion and a ball of flames. Apparently, the two of us werenthrown off of the porch.\" \"Do younthink this was deliberate? That someone was trying to hurt you ornEliza?\" Neither ofnthem saw the man in the crowd of onlookers that was staring at them. nA man wearing a baseball hat in the dark of the night, standing innfront of a burning house in a crowd just did not arouse suspicion. nIt was normal. It was human nature. But this man was anything butnnormal . . . \"I don'tnknow,\" she sighed. \"Look at what we do, Jim. I'm sure we'rennot exactly popular with the people we help put in jail, or withntheir families.\" Jim noddednhis head. He understood. \"We'll figure it out.\" He glancednover at Eliza, and the EMT who was still standing guard. There is nonway he wouldn't figure it out. Jim Streetnwas a man who'd prided himself on being a bachelor his entire life.n Never being tied down. But something had changed when he met Chris.n And her daughter. They were a package deal, and he wouldn't havenit any other way. It wasn't until he feared that he'd lost themnthat he'd truly realize just how much he needed them. TBC . . . ","Summary":" Chrisnsighed distractedly as she wandered through her house, picking upnblankets and other objects "},{"Movie":"Lords of Dogtown","Title":"Wish You Were Here","Author":"Bucky Flavored Skittles","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4217328","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Special thanks to my beta, sovereignty'd!! GO READ HER STORY!! \"Jesse, baby, we need to tell you something,\" my dad said with seriousness. I looked up from putting gum under the table and gave my parents my full attention. My mom had a worried look on her face, and my dad was fiddling with an imaginary piece of lint on his shirt. I knew something had to be wrong because they were both nervous. I've never seen them like this before. \"Dad, whats going on? If you saw the gum under the table, that totally wasn't me,\" I said, waving my hands around drastically. \"No it's not about--WHAT?!\" I 'teeheed' quietly to myself. 'Operation make dad crazy is now in progress.' I'm so evil. \"Well, you got my attention,\" I mumbled with my eyes raised. \"Okay,\" started dad. \"The next couple of months are gonna be tough for us. We're going to have overtime at the store.\" \"Don't worry, I won't wait up!\" I said, giving them a sarcastic smile and a thumbs up. \"No, it's not that, dear. We--we want you to go live with a friend of the family's until Bart comes out of the hospital.\" The smile wiped off my face. \"We're really sorry, but--\" My mom spoke, but I was too busy worried in my thoughts to listen.\" --' Please don't tell me their serious!? How could they do this? Why can't they let me take care of myself?? ' \"Damn…\" I whispered to myself. Then I decided to voice my opinion, regardless of what the consequences might be. \"How do you think I feel knowing that my parents don't trust me to take care of myself?\" Plan A) Guilt trip, commenced; add on the fake tears, with some quivering chin and lip and I should have them at my fingertips. \"Don't you dare try that guilt trip on us, Jessica Kaye Hunter!\" My mom yelled, yes to my immense surprise yelled, at me. \"Wha—but--how could you ever resist the charm that is me?\" I dropped to my knees and tried to grab at my Dad's foot that so happened to be right next to me. Plan B) Grovel. \"You're going and nothing is stopping that!\" My mother warned, wagging that oh-so-very-mother-like finger at me. I must admit, that woman scares the be-jesus out of me. \"You can't make me!\" I ran upstairs to my room and slammed my door shut and then slumped on my bed, face first. -- A woman with blonde hair and dark green eyes opened the door. I noticed that she was wearing a bikini top and a navy blue billowy shirt. \"Hello Philaine, how have you been?\" \"I've been good Rosanna, how about you?\" She fully opened the door and let us through. I looked around the apartment. Unlike ours, it seemed inviting and had a warm vibe to it. It may have been messy, but it had vibrant colors, and the atmosphere was calm and fluid. As they went in the kitchen, I stayed in the room to have a look around. There was nothing to really see in this room so I just decided to look out the window. 'I think I just died and went to hottie heaven.' Through the window I saw three gorgeous guys on the street playing with skateboards. One of them had long blonde hair, baby blue eyes and a baby face; he was also the tallest. Said boy was standing off to the side watching his two friends skateboard. The other had curly brown hair with blonde streaks on top of his hair. To me, he looked Hispanic because he had darkish skin. The last one had short wild beach-washed blonde hair almost touching his shoulders and hazel eyes. Boy, don't I wish these guys were shirtless. A few minutes later, my parents decided to leave to work. After Philaine told me where to sleep for the time being, I decided to take a nap. As I drifted off into my dream-like state of sleep, I thought I heard the door open. I opened my eyes and felt the bed sink in. There was another weight, beside mine, exerting itself onto the other side of the bed. 'I hope Philaine has a cat.' I thought, panicking. Even though I couldn't see anything, I felt a pair of warm arms wrapping around me like a pillow. I could sense the person freezing then turning tense after I opened my mouth and let out a loud scream.[Chapter 2] Thank you to all the people that have reviewed!! Special thanks to my co-writer Sovereignty'd for writing this chapter!! Go read her stories!! Whoever it was, I threw my fist into the darkness in hopes that I would hit him. I must have socked him in the stomach because he let out a groan of pain and moaned, \"Son of a bitch!\" \"I'LL RIP YOUR HEAD OFF!\" yelled another voice. Suddenly a light flickered on and the room was visible. I looked to the door to see who had spoken. A large man with messy brown hair was holding a bat. He seemed ready to kill the intruder. However, within moments the man relaxed after taking one look at the supposed intruder. \"Oh, Jay, it's just you,\" the man said with relief. He lowered the bat. \"What are you doing?\" I asked, disappointed. \"No, use the bat! He attacked me!\" I glared at the boy whose name was Jay. He was the same kid I saw at the window hanging outside the apartment. \"What's going on here?\" I demanded to know from the two unknown males in my room. \"Where's Philaine?\" \"I'm right here,\" a sleepy voice drifted in from the hallway. The willowly blonde woman wondered in the room, but not before flinching at the light's brightness. She sleepily rubbed her eyes. \"What happened?\" \"Jesse fell asleep in Jay's room,\" explained the older man. He had to have known Philaine if he already knows what my name is. \"He came in, didn't know Jesse was sleeping there. Jesus, Jay, don't ever pull shit like that again--brings me back to Vietnam.\" \"Sorry,\" shrugged Jay, sounding unapologetic. \"What the hell is this chick doing in my room?\" \"Donnie, why don't you go black to sleep, babe,\" said Philaine, rubbing the man's shoulder. \"I'll take care of this.\" After the man returned back to bed, Philaine stared at her son. \"Honey, Jesse's moving in for awhile.\" \"What?\" he said sharply. \"Her family is having some financial troubles and they'll be working a lot. They can't afford a babysitter so they've given her to me to take care of. It's only temporary.\" \"Shit, Mom, this is a two-bedroom apartment. Where is she gonna sleep?\" \"I don't know, I haven't figured it out yet.\" I chose this moment to join the conversation. \"Well, I have no ill-will against this room! So problem solved.\" For the first time, Jay acknowledged my presence by giving me a penetrating glare. \"This is MY room.\" \"That's a little selfish of you,\" I snapped back. \"Haven't you been taught how to share things?\" \"So what, you wanna share a bed with me?\" asked Jay with a suggestive smirk. I immediately regretted having ever spoken. \"No, you pig! You're sleeping on the couch.\" \"Jay, we'll work this out in the morning,\" said Philaine tiredly. \"For now, I just want to sleep. Go take the couch.\" Defeated and outnumbered, Jay sighed in resignation. However, as soon as Philaine had drifted out of the room, he snatched the pillow from underneath my back and began to walk out. \"Hey, that's my pillow!\" I whined. \"It's called compromise, babe, get used to it!\" he yelled in the hallway. I growled in annoyance. How was I supposed to sleep without a pillow? I scrunched up a portion of Jay's blanket so that it was lumped together like a pillow. It wasn't as good, but it would make do. I laid my head down and forced my eyes shut. However, moments later I realized that the bedroom light was still on and I would have to get up to turn it off. Damn it to hell. \"Jesse? Jesse, hon, wake up!\" Someone gently shook me awake. Philaine blinked down at me and smiled. At least she was more welcoming than my own mother, who'd usually just bang on the bedroom door to get me up. \"Hi Philaine,\" I mumbled and sat upright. \"What time is it?\" \"Around eight, nine o'clock. Jay insisted that you wake up early.\" I cringed. Jay again. Why was he so annoying? And to think yesterday I thought he was cute. \"Pre tell, why did Jay want me up so early on a Saturday morning?\" Philaine smiled again, but this time it was more strained, like she was afraid to tell me something. \"Well,\" she began slowly. \"Donnie thought it would be a good idea that someone showed you around town. You know, so you can get adjusted and feel more at home. But since Donnie and I will be at work, Jay will be the only one with a day off. We figured that it would be best for Jay to show you around--\" \"No! Oooooh, no. Philaine, I already know my way around Dogtown. I mean, I've lived here before. And so what if my memory is a little hazy? I'll live!\" \"Jesse, I want you to feel welcome here. A lot has changed since you lived here. Billy's Ice Cream Parlour closed down, they opened a new middle school, little things like that. And did you know that Ocean Park tore down?\" \"What?\" I said, suddenly I felt like crying. \"Why would they tear down the old amusement park?\" \"Business wasn't doing so well,\" said Philaine with just as much sadness. \"Now it's just a local spot for high performance surfers. Trust me, you don't want to go down there. Just do this for me, baby, let Jay walk you around town.\" \"Does it have to be Jay?\" \"There's no one else. Jay doesn't want to do this just as much as you.\" \"Well, that makes me feels loads better.\" I roll my eyes. \"Hey Philaine? Where's your bathroom?\" She directed me to a purple-painted, cramped room in the hallway. After shutting the door, I ran a brush through my tangled black hair. Then, instead of opening the toilet seat to do my business, I crouched next to the bathroom door and started making wretched noises, loud enough for people in the kitchen to hear. After some time of making the noises, Philaine's muffled voice eventually interrupted. \"Are you okay in there?\" \"Ah, Philaine!\" I then made another gagging noise with my throat. \"I'm so sick! I can't move!\" Another gagging noise. \"Oh god! Is that casserole?\" \"Oh poor baby!\" said Philaine sympathetically. \"I guess you should stay in today.\" 'Yes,' I privately celebrated my victory. Afterward, I returned to making the same gagging sounds again, to keep the act believable. \"Just come on out and I'll take care of you.\" Remembering that I was supposed to be throwing up in the toilet, I reached over and pulled down the lever for it to flush. However, the most horrific thing happened which would completely shatter my lie: the toilet wouldn't flush. I tried again, and again but it wouldn't go down. \"Is there a problem?\" asked Philaine. I sighed. \"Yeah. The toilet won't flush.\" \"Oh, I know how to fix that, just let me come in.\" I closed the top seat to cover the toilet water. Maybe she wouldn't check after all. I unlocked the door to the bathroom and Philaine entered, heading for the toilet. At first she lifted the tank's lid and jiggled with something at the bottom of the tank, she withdrew her hand and pushed down the lever. Then, as the toilet flushed, she lifted up the seat and looked down to see nothing but clear water swirling down the tunnel. Philaine then looked at me with wide eyes. \"You lied?\" \"Kind of,\" I said ashamedly. \"Sorry, I just... Fine! I'll go with stupid Jay on the stupid tour around stupid Dogtown! There, are you happy?\" Philaine shook her head amusedly and exited the bathroom. \"Get ready for your day with Jay, Jessica.\" \"It Jesse!\" I yelled down the hallway. After she left, I turned on the shower and got in. Ten minutes later I was out and dressed with new clothes. I met Jay and Philaine in the kitchen. Philaine was up and alert, with her Jethro yellow t-shirt on and a purse hanging over her shoulder. She kissed Jay goodbye and waved at me. \"Have a nice day, guys!\" She walked out the front door and headed for work in her beat-up orange car. As the rumbling engine's sound disappeared into the distance, Jay and I were left in an awkward silence. He looked at me and said, \"You better not embarrass me.\" \"Really, because that was exactly what I was planning on doing,\" I said sardonically. \"You caught me in the act. I'm living to make your day a living hell.\" Pissed, he slid off the kitchen counter he was sitting on and headed for the door. When I didn't move from my spot, he glanced back at me and snapped, \"Well? Get your ass moving. Let's go.\" Somehow I knew the day wouldn't go so well.[Chapter 3] Hey everyone! Thanks for reviewing!! I REALLY appreciate it! I have the same amount of reviews as my first story, and that one has more chapters! Keep reviewing! Thanks to my beta Sovereignty..as always! That stupid idiot named Jay first decided to take me to a skate/surf shop. As I was walking and Jay was skateboarding, I couldn't help but notice the way his butt stuck out when he would propel himself forward. After a few minutes of lame silence, we finally got to our destination. It was a small shop with the word Zephyr on the front. When we got inside I looked to my left and saw surfboards lined up against the walls, and skateboards on some shelves. I looked directly ahead of me and saw a guy sweeping. He had messy brown hair extending to his shoulders and pale skin. \"Hey Sid,\" Jay acknowledged. \"Hey Jay!\" the kid, whose name I now knew as Sid, replied. Just as Jay opened his mouth to speak, two guys and a girl came in. \"Yo, what's happening puto?\" the one I had seen before, with the blonde streaks, said to Jay. \"Hi,\" the other guy, with the long blonde hair, said once he noticed me. The girl they were with had dark red hair that reached to her elbows and she looked out of place with her skirt on. I can tell that actually she cared about her hygiene, which is pretty rare around here. \"Well, since Jay so nicely introduced all of us, I'm Jesse.\" I held out my hand for the Hispanic guy to shake. After he shook my hand, and held it for longer then I pleased, the girl spoke up. \"Jay didn't introduce us because he's kind of a dumbass. I'm Eden. That's my brother, Stacy. That other jackass is Tony.\" She pointed to the blonde guy and the hispanic when she said their names. \"Hey, we're gonna go head down to P.O.P. Are you guys gonna come with us?\" Tony said, and looked at Jay to see his answer. \"Is that like some druggy language for the store? Because Philaine asked me to do some grocery shopping for her.\" I declared. Everyone then decided to give me the strangest looks……I swear I heard Jay mutter, \"She's new,\" to them. He must have, because they gave me pitying looks and nodded their heads like I was some \"special\" kid. \"Well, you guys head down there, I'm gonna go to the store with Jesse,\" Jay said almost nicely. I should've known not to trust him. He was being TOO nice. \"Well, while you're at it, go make some cake and cookies for me too, sweetheart,\" Tony teased Jay. Jay then pushed Tony playfully as we all laughed. A few minutes later Jay and I were in front of the store. He'd been suspiciously quiet. I should've known that there was going to be a problem sooner or later. I went inside the store with Jay right at my heels. I went straight to where I could find the milk, because Philaine told me that was first priority. A few minutes later, as I was searching for the missing grocery list in my pockets, I said, \"Jay, do you remember where I put the list?\" and turned to look behind me. Once I did, I noticed something. Jay wasn't there. I ran as fast as I could back outside, only to see Jay riding his skateboard away from the store. \"Whose day is a living hell now?!\" he yelled as he passed the street light. The cars blocked him from my view, so I couldn't see him any longer. \"Don't forget, jackass, I know where you live!\" I screamed back in anger. I sat down in front of the store, just hoping someone I knew will pass by. 'Wait…is that Stacy? ' I now have Stacy to thank for being my savior and helping me go grocery shopping, AND taking me 'home.' \"So what are you doing around here still?\" I asked him when he was driving me to Philaine's house. \"I just dropped Eden off home, because she got sick of the guys pretty fast.\" \"What happened?\" \"I don't know. But she said, I quote, 'Tony's a jackass.' Plus, I kind of needed to breather from everyone, you know?\" I gave him a curious look in hopes that he would explain. \"I just felt unwanted and left out. I left P.O.P. to get some time by myself.\" \"Sorry for cutting into your alone time.\" I smiled sadly, feeling bad. He chuckled before saying, \"It's okay, it feels nice to get stuff off of my chest once in a while.\" \"Well, here's my stop,\" I told him. \"Thanks for bringing me Stacy, I appreciate it.\" I smiled at him before getting out of the car. Just as I walked away, I heard Stacy calling my name. I lowered my head to the window and I heard him say, \"I work at Venice Noodle Company, if you ever need me, I'll probably be there.\" \"Thanks Stace.\" I slowly started to walk away, while thinking: 'At least one thing went right today.'[Chapter 4] Hello everyone!! I'm sad to say that I will no longer be working on Wish You Were Here. BUT- my friend sovereignty'd will be taking over for me! So go check out her page, and her story! I hope no one hates me for this. :( ","Summary":" Special thanks to my beta, sovereignty'd!! GO READ HER STORY!! \"Jesse, baby, we need to tell you s"},{"Movie":"Let Me In, 2010","Title":"The Holy Grail","Author":"Lee Kyle","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9314086","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Part 1: Camelot Prologue: Constance Abby walked toward a farmhouse that seemed empty and dead compared to the star-filled sky above. She wore nothing but a thin nightgown, over which long, matted hair fell. Her face looked hungry, sad, bored. Abby noticed a girl of about sixteen hiding behind one of the farmhouse's shade trees. She approached the young woman slowly, cautiously. Like Abby, the girl wore nothing but a nightgown. And her hair seemed to be even more unkempt, if that were possible. At some point the girl became aware of Abby. She motioned the vampire over at once, putting a finger to her lips at the same time. \"Quiet,\" the girl whispered. \"They'll hear you.\" Abby glanced about quickly, her expression now confused and frightened. She seemed ready to bolt. But the girl reached out a hand and plucked Abby into the spot behind the tree. \"I'm Constance,\" she said, her voice no longer soft. \"It's a good thing you made it on time. Peter Parley's coming for tea. He's bringing a live Megalosaurus. It's always best when the food you eat has a sporting chance of eating you first. Are those buttons?\" Constance scooted around Abby and examined her shrift. \"I don't understand why they put the buttons where you can't reach them. Jo March sprints faster than a buffalo. She took me for a joint-stool. Susie says she can only come for tea if she brings Hamlet. But you have to bring poison for the play,\" she emphasized, poking Abby in the chest. \"It's always best when someone gets poisoned during tea.\" Abby's face grew even more confused. \"Who's listening?\" she asked. \"This is a birch, this is an elm; no sound can passage through my realm. The doctor claims he retched a place, to stash my parents' foul disgrace. Would you like a gumdrop?\" She offered an acorn to Abby. The vampire wavered for a moment, then extended a tentative hand. Constance slapped it away. \"You'll ruin your supper,\" she scolded. Then she put one arm around Abby and the other hand on her hip. \"Susie wants to know your name. It's always best when she knows your name.\" \"Abby,\" the vampire said, beginning to smile. \"My name is Abby.\" \"Do you want to go hunting with me?\" Constance asked. \"Hunting?\" \"You may seek it with thimbles, and seek it with care; you may hunt it with forks and hope; you may threaten its life with a railway-share; you may charm it with smiles and soap.\" She began patting her nightgown. \"Did I share away my share? I swear .\" She pinched Abby's cheeks. \"We've got smiles, at least. No soap, though. Goodness, you stink worse than I do. Our prey will smell us from a mile. Off with you, Abby. We'll take us two baths. Tomorrow night we stalk.\" The next evening Abby returned, clean and presentable. She found Constance waiting behind the elm tree, picnic basket over her arm. \"We've no blank map,\" she informed Abby. \"But I still think we can find our way. Don't foul the rudder.\" Constance headed down the road. Abby followed. \"Three rules,\" Constance said. \"Number one, you can never laugh at Susie. It hurts her feelings, and it's rude, anyway. Number two, you have to read my favorite books and like them. They're mostly British, I'm afraid, but that's the way it is if you're going to be my friend. Number three, you can never let them get me. Are we clear?\" \"Yes,\" Abby said. \"And what are your rules?\" The vampire took some time to think. \"We never talk about family,\" she said. \"It hurts my feelings. You have to do my laundry, and you can't complain no matter how bad the stains are. And you're never allowed to ask me to see the sun.\" \"Day and night shall cease,\" Constance observed, \"unless we harvest raspberries.\" She stopped by a clump of bushes and began picking fruit. Abby joined her. They filled a clay pot inside Constance's picnic basket. Abby kept pausing to smile at her new friend. A few times she even giggled. Constance eventually took Abby off the road to a large stone house. She went up onto the porch and knocked boldly on the front door. After a minute a balding man in his fifties opened to inspect them. He held a lantern high and gazed through his spectacles. \"Constance?\" the man inquired. \"What are you doing out so late, child? It's one-thirty in the morning.\" Constance glanced at Abby and waited. Abby spoke up. \"Pardon us, sir,\" she said. \"We were reciting lines in Boxer's Field. Then we wanted to see the stars, but we stayed too long. We took a shortcut to hurry home. A foolish course in the dark, sir; we lost our way. It's cold, and we're so very tired. Might we please come in?\" \"Certainly. Come in, come in,\" the man replied, ushering them through the door. \"There are blankets this way. I'll build up the fire.\" They followed their host through the foyer into a sitting room crammed with overstuffed furniture. \"Your parents are sure to be terribly worried, Constance,\" the man clucked. \"How many times must we tell you not to leave your property unescorted?\" \"I have Abby with me, Dr. Williamson,\" Constance said, squeezing the vampire's hand. \"Well, that's fine,\" the man allowed. \"But you shouldn't be out at night. There are some predators perfectly willing to eat people, you know.\" Constance's voice turned accusatory. \"You told Father I'm the Mad Hatter. Susie's the Mad Hatter. I'm Alice. And Abby,\" she added, stroking the vampire's long hair, \"is Wonderland.\" She directed her attention to Abby. \"You promised,\" Constance reminded her. \"You can never let them get me.\" Abby leaped on the doctor, bowling him over. She bit into his carotid artery and he screamed. There was a brief struggle, but it didn't affect the outcome. After thirty seconds the man grew still. Constance pulled a tea set from her basket and arranged the pieces on the floor. \"Save some for me,\" she insisted, pushing on the monster until she gave way. Constance held a cup against the doctor's neck. When she was satisfied with how much tea she had gathered, she permitted Abby to resume. Constance used her fingers to comb the dead man's hair. \"Your saucer needs cleaning,\" she said. \"The walls have ears; no asylum is free; I see what I eat; I eat what I see. That'll teach you to play with spoons.\" She took a sip of blood from her teacup. \"Now I get it. You want to go to the beach. Don't get sand on your scones, mind you. It's worse than lemon.\" Abby broke the doctor's neck, reverted to girl form, and sat smiling at Constance in fascination. \"You need to work on your manners,\" Constance lectured, pulling out a napkin and wiping Abby's chin. \"No use crying over spilled milk. Seems like you ate more than your share of the raspberries. That means I get the other lump of sugar.\" She plopped a white cube into her teacup, tried to swirl it. \"You should really steep the leaves,\" Constance recommended, swallowing a mouthful. \"It's no wonder you forget to bathe.\" Abby waited in the barn behind her friend's house. Constance entered mid-conversation. \"You're being very rude,\" she commented. \"Abby's not that kind of girl.\" She reached the vampire's hiding spot and rummaged in a bag. \"Susie insists. Please don't be cross.\" Constance pulled out three cloves of garlic, a silver crucifix, and a glass jar filled with water. She raised the crucifix and shoved it in Abby's face. She rubbed the garlic on Abby's arms. She poured the water over Abby's head. \"That settles it,\" Constance concluded. \"Susie says you are a very peculiar sort of vampire. Can you see your reflection?\" Abby nodded. \"Can you turn into mist?\" Abby shook her head no. \"Can't vampires do their own laundry? You must have Chinamen in Transylvania. Hypnotize me, hypnotize me! Oh, please do, Abby.\" Abby took hold of her friend and shared a memory. In this flashback she cowered in a shack next to a wood-burning stove. A man with a thin beard glanced at Abby, then cocked his head as someone banged on the door. \"You've got to answer for her, John,\" a voice insisted. \"You come willingly or things are going to get a lot less polite.\" Abby surged outside in a wild fury. She bit the first constable's head off. Constance cheered. The second man she tore in half. Constance whooped like it was the start of summer vacation. The last officer Abby ate slowly. Constance gloated through the meal, then stood up, severing the connection. She danced in circles and clapped. \"You throw the best parties,\" she informed Abby. \"And the guests always bring something to eat!\" Abby's somber expression changed into a grin. Constance began running about the barn, peeking through cracks in the walls. \"They're coming for us, Abby. They always know where we are. Will a boojum make you vanish? I haven't been the same since I vanished. Maybe we could take the train. Susie's jealous. She thinks we'll leave her at the station.\" \"Susie…\" Abby said. Her face became thoughtful. \"Susie can come, of course. Susie, please come. It won't be the same without you. I promise to put sugar in your tea. It'll be fabulous. Three huntresses against the world.\" Abby flew into a courtyard surrounded by a tall, wrought-iron fence. She entered a brick mansion and killed the nurse on duty in the lobby. She started heading down the corridors, pulling open door after door, freeing the patients. One surprised orderly got his heart ripped out. Another Abby paused over long enough to eat. She found the right room, but Constance would not leave. Abby took her by the hand and urged her to get off the floor. Constance stayed in the corner, arms wrapped around her knees. She refused to look at Abby. \"It's time to go,\" the vampire said, her tone urgent. \"Just like we said. The three of us stick together. Come on, Constance.\" \"I didn't kill Dr. Williamson,\" Constance repeated. \"My secret vampire friend did. She only comes out at night and she has to drink human blood and holy water doesn't hurt her and she sprouts wings. She puts thoughts in my mind. She plays nice with Susie. Everyone is out to get her. No, Abby, you needn't be blue; I'm truly, madly crazy for you!\" The girl broke into a grin, jumped to her feet, and gave Abby a kiss. Some blood transferred to Constance, who licked her lips and frowned. \"You know how I like my tea,\" she complained. Constance held her mouth open until Abby produced a sugar cube and placed it on her tongue. Then she took Abby's hand and led her skipping into the hallway. \"I told you they were out to get me,\" Constance said, stopping by the body of one of the orderlies. She grasped Abby's other hand and began dancing around the corpse, forcing Abby to do the same. \"The snark and friendly jabberwok, consumed the mouse inside the clock; the snark I roasted on a spit, the half rodent inside of it. Sing, Abby! We can't fly unless you sing.\" The girls spun around the body, Constance chanting nonsense and urging Abby and Susie to join her. Abby started giggling, then laughing freely, until finally she, too, began singing in time to Constance's inner music. Abby's motions grew thrilled, ecstatic, wild. She gave herself to the dance, flinging her hair and stomping her feet. Eventually they collapsed on the floor, panting and blood-spattered, the undead girl and the insane girl and the imaginary girl. None of them had ever felt so alive. Chapter 1 Survival (Both Kinds) Abby twisted her dress, releasing a powder of fine, rust-colored flecks. The dead dust swirled within the car's empty confines, making Constance hoot with delight. A reaction that made no sense given how dark it was. But there was a lot about Constance that didn't make sense. Abby's fellow stowaway had been locked up for a reason. Constance returned to lying with the top of her head sticking out the door. Abby kept working the bloodstains. After an hour she reckoned Constance had fallen asleep, though it was hard to be sure over the noise of the wheels on the tracks. She must be starving , Abby thought. She has to be starving. It worried the vampire that Constance kept making no mention of being hungry. Three days without food, yet Constance seemed as content as during the hour of her deliverance. It wasn't normal. Abby felt guilty about not bringing food. She had never been good at planning. She had discovered Constance's imprisonment, and in blind rage she had attacked. Consequently the sum of their possessions consisted of an (empty) jug of water, a thick wool blanket, and the clothes on their backs. And Abby's dress was turning to rags as she clawed the material. Wearing blood was bad. Was going naked worse? Abby reckoned she was about to find out. She couldn't fly with a shirt on, and her dress was a single piece. But they had to get off before the train entered Atlanta. That meant flying Constance out of the car while it was still in motion. Constance had seen Abby fly, but she had never been flown. Then there was the problem of Susie. Abby had no idea how she was going to transport her . Abby got on her hands and knees and crawled toward the door. \"Constance?\" she whispered. \"It's time to wake up.\" \"Why is the Virgin the only thing Leo has to eat?\" Constance asked, opening her eyes. \"You don't eat virgins, do you?\" The question jarred Abby. She sat up, the breeze tangling her hair. Had she ever eaten a virgin? Was that worse than eating a married woman? Why did she normally eat men? Did she think killing a woman was worse? Or were men simply out more late at night? Abby realized Constance was staring at her, smiling. Abby broke into a grin of her own and gave the reclining girl a kiss. \"It's time to go,\" she explained, standing. \"I'm going to fly all three of us. You'll face me and put your arms around my neck. What do you think would be best for Susie?\" \"The Virgin will swing her out,\" Constance said, pointing out the door at the southern sky. \"She'll go hand-to-hand, see? Virgin to Herdsman to Hercules.\" \"Excellent,\" Abby replied, pulling her dress off. This made her quite self-conscious, but Constance obviously felt differently: she let out an excited giggle and removed her own clothing. \"Constance,\" Abby said, \"you need to keep your clothes on.\" \"Why?\" the girl challenged. Abby opened her mouth, closed it. Why should they wear clothes? Abby certainly didn't need them, and on this muggy evening neither did her companions. Constance scooped up her asylum coveralls and cast them from the train with a triumphant shout. Abby hesitated for a moment, then gathered her ruined dress into a ball and tossed it after. \"Come on, Susie,\" Constance insisted. \"Get rid of that stupid thing!\" She howled with glee as Susie discarded some ridiculous shrift or hoop skirt or petticoat. Now they were a team to take Atlanta by naked storm. At least if they got caught, no one would be surprised where they had escaped from. Constance wrapped her arms around Abby, and Abby became immediately aware of the weight problem. Constance was a thin girl, but she was still sixteen - four years older than Abby and significantly taller. The vampire would not be able to fly with her for longer than five or ten minutes. At least she didn't have to carry Susie at the same time. Constance invoked her stars: \"Virgo, Ishtar, Ceres, Isis, we are here to cause a crisis; poke Herdsman stomping in his boots, soon gandering our attributes.\" Then the three girls leapt into the North Georgian countryside. Nudity could be a weapon. The imminent sunrise drove Abby to use it. She knelt before a farmhouse door, banged on it several times, and hunched so only her back could be seen. After a few seconds the door opened, followed by a gasp. \"Oh my God,\" a female voice exclaimed. \"Child, what happened?\" A hand reached out and lifted Abby's chin. Abby made eye contact with the questioner, a sturdy woman in her 50's whose face showed both concern and wariness. Abby hugged herself and began rocking back and forth. She looked through the woman, past her, into a farmhouse from another century. She could enter that dwelling without invitation. There were hats to try on. The kitchen smelled of bacon. Sunlight caught her mother's hair... \"What happened?\" the farm wife insisted. Abby hung her head. \"Negroes,\" she whispered. \"Dear God,\" the woman swore, outraged. She scooped Abby into her arms and bore the vampire inside. Abby had long discovered that being carried into a person's home was as good as receiving verbal permission to enter. She still waited several seconds, just to be sure - time for the farm wife to seat the vampire in a rocking chair and offer some sort of covering. Instead of accepting the blanket, Abby attacked. By the time she stood up, the room had brightened noticeably and the urge to seek shelter was becoming overwhelming. Did this house have curtains? How thick were they? And where was Constance? Abby felt rooted in place, terrified of walking around a corner and encountering the first rays of dawn streaking through a window. She began digging at the floorboards, clawing and splintering, exposing the precious cellar. \"Constance, where are you?\" Abby cried. There was no answer. Abby shook her head, snatched the blanket from beside the dead woman, and retreated underground. Abby jerked awake fourteen hours later, disoriented, nude, nauseous. She hated feeling full. She hated summer. The days were so long, the extra sleep a miserable chore. The need to flee goaded her. Every minute counted if they were going to make it to Atlanta before sunrise. Yet instead of heading upstairs, Abby pressed tighter against the house's stone foundation, tucked her knees under her chin, and hugged her legs. It had been decades since she had seen so much dawn. First the horizon's edge turned blue, then green: warning. Yellow and orange came next: compulsion. Finally the red band: mockery and madness. Every morning death rose wrapped in rainbow. And because of this – because rainbows cloaked the hateful sun – they inhabited the same category of felicitous creatures as heavy drapes and winter scarves. Rainbows were on her side. It was her own fault the sun had nearly caught her. Abby had flown from farm to farm, searching for a target that would generate minimal casualties. This proved difficult, as sensing prey inside a home took longer when she wasn't hungry. Plus it seemed she had to kill at least one dog at every stop. And carrying Constance made everything take twice as long. But they had found what they were looking for: isolated house, single occupant, cellar without windows, horse with full buggy. Abby wished Constance had thrown down some clothing. True, the vampire was covered in blood and needed to bathe before she dressed. But she doubted this was why her friend had neglected her need. Hopefully Constance had at least covered the farmwife, or shut her eyes, or rolled her over. The thought of slinking naked past that glazed expression appalled Abby, especially given that she had killed out of neither anger nor hunger. She's dead because I insisted on bringing Constance. Why did I bring her? Why did I bring her? The urge to get away finally pushed Abby toward the hole in the ceiling. She flew up into the sitting room, was pleased to discover nothing but a bloody patch where the woman's body had been. No lanterns or candles seemed to be lit, but Abby saw better in the dark anyway. She walked through the foyer, drawn toward the kitchen by foul odors and the sound of snoring. There she found Constance. The unclothed girl sat slumped at the table, passed out in a pool of her own vomit. The farmwife occupied another seat, her body leaning so far back that her hands brushed the floor. Abby looked away before discovering whether or not the woman's eyes were open. A young man sat in a third chair, his heart pierced with knitting needles. A service for five decorated the table. Everyone had been served tea, bread, and jam. None of it had been eaten. Abby put the pieces together. Five places set. That meant Constance, Susie, Abby, woman, hired hand. For of course the woman would have help; she couldn't run a farm by herself. Why hadn't Abby realized this obvious fact before choosing to strike? Why was her thinking so muddled? She lifted Constance's head and tried to get her to wake up, but it was useless. A half-empty liquor bottle sat nearby, along with a pouch of chewing tobacco and an empty sugar bowl. Based on the consistency and smell of the vomit, it seemed Constance had chugged the whiskey and swallowed the tobacco, perhaps sweetening the mess with spoonfuls of sugar. Three days without food, and this was what Constance had decided to eat. Abby fled onto the back porch. How had Constance killed the farmhand? Who had moved the woman's body? Why had Abby brought Constance in the first place? The vampire could have simply left her in the asylum. Certainly she hadn't put any real thought into the decision. Abby loved Constance and wanted her with her. But why? What was there to love? The sound of mooing stock interrupted Abby's thoughts. She walked out to the barn and found ten miserable cows in desperate need. \"If you kill the farmhand,\" Abby declared, \"milk the cows.\" She grabbed a bucket and a stool, and got to work. It had been a long time since Abby had tended farm, but she had been born on a pre-Revolutionary frontier where children had been required to do their share of chores. When the vampire finished with the dairy cattle, she shifted to the horses, giving them clean water and rubbing them down. They didn't really like her, but it wasn't the violent reaction she got from dogs. Once the horses were mollified, she carried the milk inside and gathered food in a fresh pail. Then she slopped the pigs, collected eggs from the hen house, and killed a fox. It seemed each task led to two more, but that was the nature of farming. Abby had forgotten how enjoyable plain, honest work could be. To labor sixteen hours, and collapse in bed exhausted, and feel ashamed of nothing you had done that day! The sleep of a laborer was sweet. Granted, Abby got lots of sleep. She supposed every vampire did. But there was nothing sweet about it. At two in the morning Abby remembered she was naked. So many tasks she had performed in sight of the animals, yet not one of them had objected to her lack of clothing. None of the animals minded that they lacked clothing. Why didn't nudity bother them? Did carnivores feel ashamed killing and feeding? Or did they feel a sense of accomplishment? Abby imagined chewing a human bone, gnawing and clinging to it like some kind of trophy. It was a horrifying thought. She wondered what animals smelled when they smelled her. Blood? Death? Could animals smell nudity? People said you couldn't smell yourself. Abby wished she could meet another vampire, just so she could discover how vampires smelled. She did not want to think undeath smelled worse than death. But she was afraid it probably did. Abby grabbed Constance under the armpits and jerked her away from the table. Much to Abby's surprise, this resulted in both girls collapsing onto the floor. The vampire searched for the problem, realized that Constance still grasped the dead man's hand. \"Let go,\" Abby insisted, pawing at Constance's fingers. \"Noting my breast done knitted his chest,\" Constance slurred, opening her eyes and waving goodbye to the farm boy. \"Linger past three and you force coquet tea,\" she added as Abby dragged her out the back door. \"Where's Susie?\" \"Down by the pump,\" Abby answered. \"Goodness, you stink. Why did you drink so much?\" \"Liberal bourbon cleaves groves of mugwumps. Pull, man!\" Constance encouraged as Abby struggled with her weight. \"Pull man . Pullman. Pull Man. Is he an above-the-track or below-the-track sort of fellow, that's what I want to know.\" The girls fell to the ground again, but this time they were next to the well. Abby had positioned supplies: buckets, towels, soap. Lots of soap. She began working the hand pump, feeling the deep water vibrate against piston and lever. Constance lay on her back, staring at the stars. \"Dame Defarge knew how to knit,\" Constance noted. \"She wielded watch and radically revolved. But 'twas a gullible guillotine she orbited. I don't think she ever figured that out.\" \"I don't think she cared,\" Abby replied. Water began gushing from the spigot. Constance leapt into the stream at once, and at first Abby thought the washing would transpire quickly. Then Constance began digging at the ground with her nails. Water poured through the rills. Constance dug harder. She formed mud, fashioned it into a pie, and laid it aside. She began making another, insisting that Abby keep working the well. After the tenth pie Abby interrupted. \"Constance, we have to...\" A glob of mud struck her chin. \"Susie says it's not right leaving you out,\" Constance pronounced, and cast another clump at Abby's head. The vampire approached the edge of the mud pit, weighing her target. \"They sought it with thimbles, they sought it with care,\" Abby said, reaching down. \"They pursued it with forks and hope,\" Constance replied, leaning toward her pies. \"They threatened its life with a railway-share,\" Abby added, filling her hands with ammunition. \"They charmed it with smiles and soap !\" they yelled, opening fire. In the first stage of the battle Abby held every advantage, for she circled outside the mud while Constance and Susie struggled to move. But then Constance gained a lucky handhold and dragged the vampire into the mire. Abby eventually gave up, rolling in the muck, carving patterns, using her superior strength to deepen the bog while her friends pumped. They constructed forts and decorated them, engaged in an epic \"snowball\" fight, made pig noises till they collapsed laughing. As they lay on their backs making mud angels, Abby asked, \"Why doesn't being naked bother you?\" Constance pointed at the sky. \"If Virgo likes bread so much, maybe Bootes did kill the Baker. That makes Snarks effervescent.\" \"What's worse,\" Abby pressed, \"being naked or being bloody?\" For answer the insane girl began piling mud on Abby. Why does being naked make me feel dirty? Why doesn't she care? Constance could probably walk naked down Main Street and not care. Abby hated being bloody. Nudity was just as bad, though. The undead girl wondered if she hated bathing simply because it required her to undress. After ten minutes only Abby's arms, feet, and head remained exposed. Constance stroked the hair out of Abby's eyes, then cupped the vampire's cheeks and recited: \"You hide it in cellars, you coat it in stew, You constrict it with burlap and crepe; Still keeping one principal object in view - To preserve its symmetrical shape.\" Abby smiled. \"Let's go to Atlanta,\" she said.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 Coca-Cola Abby awoke, opened the trunk lid, and hopped out into a well-appointed hotel room. She glanced through the drapes and discovered herself to be five stories above a gas-lit city street. A horse and buggy drove by, then another, bumping over cobblestones and rails. The clothes Constance had put on at the farmhouse were strewn across the floor. Abby searched in vain for a note. Obviously they were in Atlanta, but why had Constance chosen this particular hotel? It seemed expensive, and they didn't have much money. Abby changed into an oversized farm dress and snuck into the hallway. Six doors to her right, four to her left. How big was this place? It even contained an elevator, a machine Abby had never encountered in the South. She chose to use the stairs, making her way toward a ground floor filled with music and laughter and cigar smoke. Abby froze at the bottom of the stairwell. She had no intention of entering such a huge crowd, especially alone. A side exit beckoned. She raced for it and shot into a warm, brick-lined alley. For several minutes Abby leaned against the wall, enjoying the solitude, catching her breath. A wagon entered the alley. A boy of about sixteen stepped through a separate hotel door and began arguing with the driver. Eventually the wagon continued on its way past Abby. It was then that the boy noticed her. He approached confidently at first, then grew hesitant as he got closer. This section of the alley was quite dark, and Abby knew the boy could scarcely see her. She could see him fine, however – tall, thin, light brown hair, wearing an apron and spectacles. \"The common room seemed a bit full for my taste,\" Abby offered. \"I hope you don't mind my catching the evening air?\" \"Miss Abigail Wilson?\" the boy inquired, making a slight bow. \"Your sister has told me much about you. My condolences on your recent loss.\" \"Thank you,\" Abby replied. Constance had conversed with this boy? And without getting carted away by the marshals? \"Please allow me to introduce myself,\" the boy continued. \"Edward Inman, Assistant Proprietor of Kimball House.\" \"Pleased to meet you,\" Abby said. \"It is a fine hotel.\" \"Best hotel in the South,\" Edward noted. \"I don't doubt it. And what, pray tell, does the Kimball House charge its guests for room and board?\" \"I put you and your sister up for fifteen dollars.\" \"A week?\" \"Pardon me, Miss Wilson. Fifteen dollars per day.\" Abby looked away, chagrined. They had left the farmhouse with just over eighteen dollars. Had Constance already spent almost all of it? \"I noticed some displeasure,\" Abby commented, nodding toward where Edward had conversed with the driver. \"Just hotel business, Miss Wilson. Nothing to concern yourself with.\" Abby pressed. \"Tell me about it.\" The boy looked at her funny. \"If I may be so free, Miss Wilson, your sister intimated a medical condition on your part. One that does not permit contact with sunlight.\" \"That's correct.\" \"She also said this condition, combined with the recent loss of your mother, has engendered certain irregularities, and that we should please make allowances.\" \"Well, I'm a twelve-year-old girl talking to a strange man in an alley at night. Does that require allowances?\" Edward laughed. \"I suppose so,\" he granted. \"Fulton's a dry county. That wagon was supposed to supply our lounge for the evening. But no shipments have come in, and I'm the one who's going to get blamed.\" \"Dry?\" Abby asked. \"No alcohol. Wets may take the council this fall, but that doesn't help me tonight.\" \"Where's your shipment?\" \"Driver said the trains never came in. We've a marshal who gives warning before a station raid. Whiskey from Chattanooga probably got stopped by telegraph at Marietta. But the Augusta run would've been halted by hand signal. That's the misery of it. I know they're close.\" \"The Augusta track?\" \"Next block,\" Edward explained, pointing south. \"Runs east all the way to the coast.\" Abby nodded and vanished. The gas lamps were a nuisance, but within ten minutes she was able to take to the air. The Kimball House looked as impressive from the sky as it had from inside, a daunting red structure occupying an entire city block. Abby followed the tracks two miles till she reached the stationary train, then settled onto the roof of its final freight car. The search would have proved fruitless without her ability to see in the dark. As it was, it still took her almost an hour to find the right car. She removed a case of liquor, thought about it, then removed two more. She transferred her loot to a cemetery she had passed over, stashing two cases in a mausoleum. Then she returned to the hotel with her prize. Edward cried out in relief when he opened the alley door and found Abby bearing eight bottles of rum. \"A week's room and board,\" Abby insisted as Edward attempted to relieve her of her burden. This surprised the boy, but he recovered quickly. \"We've already paid for these, you know. Three days.\" \"Our rooms would just sit empty,\" Abby countered, \"so it's not like you're losing cash on us. Six days.\" \"I introduced your sister to half of Kimball House. Four days.\" \"Then you were doing your job,\" she said, handing the case over. \"Five days.\" She plucked a bottle for herself before he scooted inside. \"And I want thicker drapes.\" When Abby returned to her room she found Constance naked and passed out on the floor. The vampire lifted her friend onto the bed and tucked her in. Then she settled by the window and watched Atlanta go to sleep. Three nights later Abby took a bath, put up her hair, and squeezed into the suffocating black evening wear Edward had procured. She crept down the stairs, each step slower than the one before, noises and smells from the common room daring her to retreat. I can do this . Hadn't she assailed General Howe's troops in the Long Island fog? Spread panic among Santa Anna's lieutenants? Stolen chloroform for the 63rd Tennessee? Surely she could handle a Southern social. Abby pressed into the crowd, afraid someone might see through her mourning clothes. The uniqueness of her attire did draw attention: polite nods, sympathetic glances. But no one tried to corner her. She discovered myriad public spaces, and that one need not be a guest to spend the evening socializing at Kimball House. Indeed, the entire city of Atlanta seemed convened in this hotel. Abby couldn't think of a worse place for maintaining a low profile. Why on earth had her \"sister\" chosen it? In a parlor Abby found a black-enshrouded Constance surrounded by six doting men. Edward Inman led the band of admirers. He noticed Abby, but quickly returned his gaze to the object of his affection. Ten girls circled in the corners, annoyed at the lack of attention they were receiving and trying to figure out what to do about it. \"Abby,\" Constance interrupted. She hastened to the vampire's side, embraced her, and addressed her new friends. \"Please allow me to introduce my sister, Miss Abigail Wilson.\" There followed several minutes of generic pleasantries. The condolences of all were gratefully appreciated. Their mother had suffered for years, rendering her passing tragic but not unexpected. The first Kimball House had burned down. The new edifice had been given the same title in honor of the original namesake, but Mr. Kimball had retired to Chicago and did not own the current structure. No, the Wilson sisters had never visited the New Mexico Territory. It could be weeks or longer till their father summoned them. Throughout these exchanges Abby kept her attention fixed on Constance and Edward. The boy kept pretending to have never met Abby, which made sense: it wouldn't do to inform Atlanta that a twelve-year-old female guest of Kimball House was keeping its illegal lounge stocked with illegal liquor. The real question concerned Constance's transformation. How was she acting so normal? Did the opportunity to flirt with boys put her on her best behavior? Did she prefer cities? Had she simply decided to stop being crazy? The group eventually planted Abby in an overstuffed high-back chair and returned to their discourse. Constance quoted Shakespeare: \"Love is a smoke raised with the fume of sighs; Being purged, a fire sparkling in lovers' eyes; Being vexed a sea nourished with lovers' tears: What is it else? a madness most discreet, A choking gall and a preserving sweet.\" \"It is this speech's placement that one must keep in mind,\" Constance explained. \"It's in Act One, Scene One, before Romeo has even met Juliet. Now consider what Tennyson does with it.\" She quoted again: \"Sainted Juliet! Dearest name! If to love be life alone, Divinest Juliet I love thee, and live; and yet Love unreturned is like the fragrant flame Folding the slaughter of the sacrifice Offered to gods upon an altarthrone; My heart is lighted at thine eyes, Changed into fire, and blown about with sighs.\" \"The speech is transformed through transposition to a later stage of the story. There is still fear of unrequited love. But no vexation, no bitterness. Juliet has reached back in time, remaking Romeo before she even meets him. A realized eschatology of the heart.\" None of this made sense to Abby. Everyone else in the room, however, seemed to understand it just fine. The conversation moved to related literary topics: Byron's reliance upon Mozart, contrasting views of hell in Dante and Milton, Spensor's influence upon Keats. Abby realized this was no random collection of visitors. These were college students, teachers, writers. They had heard of Constance's genius. And they had come to benefit. As Abby marveled at the improbability of it all, a growing unease began cramping her abdomen. She felt trapped and conflicted, as though someone in the crowd were bleeding profusely, but she didn't dare transform in front of so many. There was a house she wanted to enter, needed to enter, but knew she couldn't. She had to keep her meal down, but felt like throwing it up. She wanted to shout, but had to be silent. And what would she shout? I want to see the sun rise. I want to have babies. I want clothes no one can see through. I want to smell nice. Abby's stomach spasmed, casting her onto the floor. She curled into a ball, squeezed her eyes shut, and started yelling, \"I want to smell nice, I want to smell nice!\" Strong arms bore her from the room. She moaned and wept, but made no effort to resist the person carrying her. It got quieter, and she felt herself laid upon a bed. That's when she broke down for real. The three older women who had helped Constance move Abby did not seem terribly disturbed by the vampire's behavior. It was nothing to be alarmed about, they assured Abby. She was only twelve, after all, and battling an illness that condemned her to perpetual night. Her mother had just died. She had recently arrived in a strange city. In any event, periodic hysterical fits were an unfortunate feature of the female condition. Women had been cursed in child-bearing. Abby thought as she fell asleep: Perhaps women had been cursed in childbearing. But some were cursed worse than others. A week later Abby was aroused by a banging from the hallway. She sensed the sun was almost down, so the danger was minimal. Plus four nights ago they had relocated to a room with north-facing windows. The monster didn't care, though. It had been awakened during daylight. It was hungry. Another day or two and Abby would have no choice but to feed. Perhaps she should solve all her problems at once by eating whoever had been stupid enough to wake her. \"Abby, please,\" a voice called, and she realized it was Edward. The vampire grabbed a wide-brimmed hat, bundled a winter cloak about her shoulders, and cracked the door. She discovered Edward and Constance hand-in-hand, an observation that at first annoyed her. Then she realized Constance was muttering to herself and chewing her fingers. Abby ushered Constance inside and shooed Edward away. Constance began pacing in short, rapid steps. \"There's progression in the fourth measure,\" she noted, \"but I don't know enough geometry to work out the harmonic division.\" She seized Abby's shoulders and began shaking her. \"You have to teach me the math. I can see the patterns. They're all right there. I need to write them down.\" Abby escaped to her closet and procured a bottle of rum. She also lit a cigar. As Constance drank and smoked, she started calming down. Enough for Abby to get her to lie on the bed, anyway. The vampire grasped Constance's face and shared a memory. Nighttime had settled on a frontier cabin. Abby waited in a rocking chair, expectant with glee, as Betsey changed Rebecca's diaper. Then Betsey did the impossible: she picked up the baby and laid her in the vampire's trembling arms. Abby cuddled the infant, sang every song she knew, tears pouring down her cheeks and drenching her niece's thin brown hair. And the best thing about it was that Betsey knew. She knew what Abby had done to their mother, what she continued to do in the deep forest. Letting Abby rock Rebecca was pure grace. Abby didn't deserve it. She hadn't earned it. She could never repay it. It was the most precious moment in the vampire's life. It was the discovery of unconditional love. Once Constance had fallen asleep, Abby dressed properly and raced downstairs. Edward was not hard to find. \"What happened?\" Abby demanded. \"Father required I join him at the warehouse today, so I'm not entirely sure. I returned to find Constance in the lobby, distracted and...agitated. Normally I take her for a walk in the morning...\" he added, blushing. \"You're saying she's acting this way because she missed you?\" \"Well, begging your pardon,\" he replied, raising his hands and taking a step back, \"if my absence were the cause, one would think my return might effect some relief on her part. And I am sorry about waking you. Miss Constance made it thoroughly clear that you are to be left undisturbed until nightfall. Said you would bite my head off, actually. But I decided, given the unique nature of our arrangement, that a doctor might not be your preferred course of action?\" \"No, you did right. Thank you, Edward. And my sister is fond of you. Says there are precious few men who understand literature, math, and business. But what happened to her? That's what we need to figure out.\" \"If I may be so bold,\" he suggested, \"part of the problem might be that she had no money.\" \"What difference does that make?\" \"We patronage the local pharmacies on our walks. I talked to the soda jerk down the street. He says Constant ordered soda, but had no money. He says it upset her.\" \"Why didn't she have money?\" Abby demanded. \"Haven't I been working hard enough?\" \"Yes, of course, Miss Abigail. Kimball House customers have been very pleased with our...stock. Even my father's noticed. But begging your pardon, I didn't know your sister was without spending money. I would have given her some. I have been buying you both presents, haven't I?\" Abby considered this. A lot of gifts had come their way, certainly. And her every request had been met. \"Come on,\" Abby said. \"Let's get a soda.\" The nearest pharmacy was only a block away. The shop was about to close, but Abby knew they would never turn away Edward Inman. The two of them went straight to the soda fountain. Edward ordered a Coca-Cola. Abby watched the soda jerk pour dark brown syrup in a glass, then mix it with bubbly water. Edward handed the man a nickel and passed the drink to Abby. \"Everyone's switched to this since the city's gone dry,\" Edward explained. \"It's the only thing Constance ever gets.\" Abby sniffed at the concoction. \"It has sugar in it?\" she asked. \"A lot of sugar, I think.\" Abby nodded. That would account for Constance's interest in the drink. But not for the changes in her behavior. \"Edward,\" she said, pointing to the glass below the counter. \"There's an advertisement for Coca-Cola. Will you get it for me, please?\" A minute later the soda jerk handed Abby the flier: COCA COLA SYRUP AND EXTRACT For Soda Water and other Carbonated Beverages This intellectual beverage and temperance drink contains the valuable tonic and nerve stimulant properties of the Coca plant and Cola (or Kola) nuts, and makes not only a delicious, exhilarating, refreshing, and invigorating beverage, (dispensed from the soda water fountain or in other carbonated beverages), but a valuable Brain Tonic, and a cure for all nervous affections - sick headache, neuralgia, hysteria, melancholy, etc. The peculiar flavor of COCA-COLA delights every palate; it is dispensed from the soda fountain in same manner as any of the fruit syrups. J. S. Pemberton, Chemist, Atlanta, GA \"Brain Tonic,\" Abby quoted. \"Coca-Cola is a Brain Tonic.\" She folded the advertisement and placed it in her bosom. Then she informed her business partner of their next venture: \"I think it's time Kimball House obtains itself a soda fountain.\"[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 Idylls of the King Abby loved it that people gossiped about her. It meant she could join her fellow hotel guests for dinner and receive no unpleasant questions about her family, her illness, or her refusal to eat. Instead she could relax and enjoy the marvel that was her sister. \"The Holy Grail,\" Constance explained to Abby and ten other listeners. \"According to Tennyson's idyll, if a man can touch or see the grail, he will be healed at once. That is the assertion, at any rate. Note that you don't have to possess it or drink from it. And the distinction between touching and seeing is interesting, too. A blind man can't see, but he can touch, yes? So presumably you can touch it in a lightless cave, and still be healed. \"But a couple pages later there's no more talk of touching. Percivale's sister beholds the grail, and she tells her brother that he and his fellow knights should endeavor to see the vision also, that all the world might be healed. That's why I'm assuming Tennyson has something allegorical in mind. Otherwise how is the whole world supposed to be healed if it's just the knights of the Round Table that see the grail? \"The grail eventually appears to them at Camelot, but it's covered in luminous cloud, so I guess they see it without actually seeing it. It doesn't seem to count as real seeing anyway, because they all vow to go on a quest to see it for real. And I really am struck by the specifics of the vow. Not a quest to obtain, or drink from, or even touch. Just a quest to see. And they don't even care about the alleged healing benefits. They're knights. Quests are what knights do. Or so they think.\" Abby tried to pay attention, but Malory's version of the story kept distracting her. She imagined \"the cracking and crying of thunder\" transpiring right here in the Kimball House dining hall, accompanied by \"a sunbeam more clearer seven times than ever they saw day.\" The Holy Grail entered, covered with white samite. And it magically gave every guest such meats and drinks as he or she best loved in this world. Abby wondered if the grail would grant her a chalice of fresh Indian blood, or if it would invoke the impossible: human food a vampire could actually chew and swallow and keep in her stomach. People began leaving the table. Had Constance finished? Abby felt embarrassed, but hadn't Malory already told the tale? What was the point of retelling it? Abby got up and followed the group into the parlor. It was getting a little bit easier each night, this bold entrance into a crowded room. Townsfolk were swelling their numbers, Edward among them. Most drank Coca-Cola from the hotel's new soda fountain. We fought for life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness, Abby thought, and we got it: brain tonic for every man. She settled onto a plush couch, closed her eyes, and listened to the banter: political fights between wets and dries, fluctuating cotton prices, the hopeful opening of Georgia School of Technology next fall, the installation of electric lighting in New York. A random female voice commented, \"Let every eye negotiate for itself and trust no agent, for beauty is a witch against whose charms faith melteth in blood.\" \"Much Ado About Nothing, Act 2 Scene 1,\" Abby called out in her stage voice. She glanced about like she had awakened in a strange place, a bit mystified that she had injected herself into the conversation. Five or six people had heard her, and they, too, were surprised that she had spoken. A young man gave her a quizzical look, then offered, \"O, beware, my lord, of jealousy; it is the green-eyed monster, which doth mock the meat it feeds on.\" \"Othello, Act 3, Scene 3,\" Abby replied, standing that she might project properly. \"My salad days, when I was green in judgment, cold in blood, to say as I said then!\" It took the room a moment to realize Abby was daring them to oppose her. Then they took up the challenge, correctly guessing Antony & Cleopatra Act 1. But they couldn't get the scene, compelling Edward to pronounce, \"I would say that's Miss Abigail, three, Kimball House, nothing.\" Someone called out, \"Prodigious birth of love it is to me that I must love a loathed enemy.\" \"Romeo & Juliet,\" Abby said, \"Act 1, Scene 5. Life's but a walking shadow, a poor player, that struts and frets his hour upon the stage, and then is heard no more. It is a tale told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, signifying nothing.\" They knew this line came from Act 5 of Macbeth, but couldn't get the scene, so again the point went to Abby. The game went on for a quarter of an hour, Shakespeare quotes flying across the parlor like cannon balls: We are such stuff as dreams are made on; and our little life is rounded with a sleep. The fault, dear Brutus, is not in our stars, but in ourselves, that we are underlings. Thou art the thing itself: unaccommodated man is no more but such a poor bare, forked animal as thou art. Off, off, you lendings! Come unbutton here. The fourteen adults got many of them right. They were a literary crowd, after all, plus they had Constance. But gradually they realized they had no hope of beating Abby. Eventually a young woman offered, \"How pregnant sometimes his replies are! A happiness that often madness hits on, which reason and sanity could not so prosperously be delivered of.\" Instead of identifying the quote, Abby switched into Ophelia: O, what a noble mind is here o'erthrown! The courtier's, soldier's, scholar's, eye, tongue, sword; The expectancy and rose of the fair state, The glass of fashion and the mould of form, The observed of all observers, quite, quite down! And I, of ladies most deject and wretched, That suck'd the honey of his music vows, Now see that noble and most sovereign reason, Like sweet bells jangled, out of tune and harsh; That unmatch'd form and feature of blown youth Blasted with ecstasy: O, woe is me, To have seen what I have seen, see what I see! And, O, what Abby had seen! Noble minds overthrown, yes, but much more: plunderings of invaders and savages; plagues of smallpox, yellow fever, consumption; America shooting the flower of France, Britain, Mexico, herself; droughts, floods, fires, mining accidents; childbirth, merciless slayer of so many young mothers. And lurking in the shadows of all these miseries, the vampire herself: nibbling edges, picking remains, gleaning the refuse of hell. Abby hadn't chosen to be a vampire. Her victims didn't care, of course. Why should they? It mattered to Abby, though. She had not chosen darkness as her portion, though the same could not be said of everyone. She commenced Lady Macbeth's invocation: Come, you spirits That tend on mortal thoughts, unsex me here, And fill me from the crown to the toe top-full Of direst cruelty! make thick my blood; Stop up the access and passage to remorse, That no compunctious visitings of nature Shake my fell purpose, nor keep peace between The effect and it! Come to my woman's breasts, And take my milk for gall, you murdering ministers, Wherever in your sightless substances You wait on nature's mischief! Come, thick night, And pall thee in the dunnest smoke of hell, That my keen knife see not the wound it makes, Nor heaven peep through the blanket of the dark, To cry 'Hold, hold!' In her blackest moments Abby craved such reduction to blind, sexless substance. Eyes too palled to weep over the murders she ministered. Blood too thick to worry the stinking, undead flesh through which it crawled. But though the spirits had stolen Abby's milk, they had not replaced it with gall. The vampire's core desire remained intact: feel womb and bosom swell, deliver a live child, suckle her newborn at a joyous breast. One day. She had been a woman one day when her uncle had ruined those dreams. Now Abby would never be bought, or possessed, or enjoyed. And even if a boy came to love her, what could she offer him? A hopeless consummation, nothing more. Yet her soul ached for the impossible, a gentle lover who would play for her stolen maidenhood and make her feel like she could see the sun. She took up Juliet's lines: Spread thy close curtain, love-performing night, That runaway's eyes may wink and Romeo Leap to these arms, untalk'd of and unseen. Lovers can see to do their amorous rites By their own beauties; or, if love be blind, It best agrees with night. Come, civil night, Thou sober-suited matron, all in black, And learn me how to lose a winning match, Play'd for a pair of stainless maidenhoods: Hood my unmann'd blood, bating in my cheeks, With thy black mantle; till strange love, grown bold, Think true love acted simple modesty. Come, night; come, Romeo; come, thou day in night; For thou wilt lie upon the wings of night Whiter than new snow on a raven's back. Come, gentle night, come, loving, black-brow'd night, Give me my Romeo; and, when he shall die, Take him and cut him out in little stars, And he will make the face of heaven so fine That all the world will be in love with night And pay no worship to the garish sun. Abby froze when finished, just as the riverboat troupe had trained her so many years ago. It was only then she noticed the crowd: eighty people crammed into the parlor, even more observing from the hallway. How long had she been performing? How many speeches had she acted? The audience was crying, blinking, shaking their heads. Then the applause began: deep, shoulder-shaking waves of approbation that set the room spinning. Abby bowed with a quick smile and made to escape. Before she vanished, however, she heard a beaming Constance turn to Edward and declare: \" That's my sister. Told you she was smarter.\" It was almost five o'clock in the morning when Abby approached Kimball House, a case of gin in her arms and a smile on her face. For six weeks she had been transporting product purchased by Edward. Tonight, however, she had finally pushed through her own deal, using her own money. Edward would have to do more than simply accept delivery. This was Abby's gin. Edward was going to have to pay for it. Abby began opening the hotel's side entrance, but a hand seized the door and stopped it in her face. Mr. Hugh Inman loomed out of the shadows. This was the one man in Atlanta Abby had been avoiding, and now that she was meeting him she understood why. The confidence of his bearing, his seeming ability to surprise a vampire - it made Abby wish she were wearing more clothing. Mr. Inman waited, studying Abby's eyes. People who met her in the dark normally grew uneasy. This man should be getting fidgety as his survival instinct urged him to flee. He remained quite calm, however. And what did he expect to discover? Abby could see. He could not. \"They say there's a wild animal preying on the shantytown,\" he commented. \"That's smart, only eating Negroes. Think the animal will stay smart?\" Abby nodded. \"I think as long as predators are smart, the advantages of having them around can outweigh the disadvantages. Here, let's get that inside.\" Mr. Inman led Abby into the lounge kitchen, where she set her merchandise on a counter. \"Your mother is dead,\" Mr. Inman observed. \"Yes,\" Abby said. \"Your father is dead.\" From the way he said this, Abby could tell he already knew the answer. She reckoned it would be folly to lie. \"Yes,\" she replied. \"Would your sister make a suitable spouse to my son?\" \"No.\" \"Would your sister make a suitable spouse to anybody ?\" \"No.\" \"How much for the case?\" he asked. It took Abby a moment to process the change in subject. She had planned on selling to Edward. Edward's father, however, was the richest man in Georgia. He might offer more. \"Fifty dollars,\" Abby said, a bit embarrassed at suggesting such a starting price. But that's what bargaining was all about. Mr. Inman withdrew from his wallet a fifty dollar national gold bank note, a form of currency Abby had never seen, and handed it to the vampire. Abby took the money, thoroughly flummoxed. Next time , she thought, I'm asking for a hundred. \"I also got you this,\" Inman added, withdrawing a small package and handing it to Abby. Then he started pulling bottles from the case. \"Gin?\" he asked. \"That's good. We've been out for weeks.\" Abby retired to the stairwell and opened her present. It was a bottle of perfume. Did her body really smell, then? Or had Mr. Inman simply heard of her hysterical fit? He certainly seemed to know plenty about Constance, despite having never met her. Abby considered leaving. But she couldn't take Constance away from the soda fountain. And although Edward's father had no interest in seeing his son married off to one of the Wilson sisters, he clearly intended the girls no harm, either. Abby just had to get Constance to back off. Why was the stupid, glowy, floaty thing called a grail, anyway? Why not just call it the vain, useless artifact that skids down a sunbeam and ruins everybody's lives? Abby imagined visiting King Arthur's court, inventing baseball, and knocking the blasted grail back where it came from. It was three in the morning. Abby had been laboring in Tennyson since midnight. No doubt this would make Constance very happy. The vampire, however, couldn't get Malory out of her head. The story of Arthur had already been told. Why was Tennyson retelling it? Abby's \"remake frustration\" had put her in such a foul mood, she was beginning to criticize the entire grail myth. If the grail could heal, why did no one care, and why was no one healed? Why could the grail only appear when everything in the kingdom was going well? So there was something for it to mess up? Why did Arthur's knights seek the grail in the first place? What benefit did they hope to gain? It seemed the only people allowed to see the grail were those who didn't need to. And it wasn't like there were any women in the story. How could people even call it a romance? That evening Abby expressed her annoyance in the parlor. \"I like Malory better than Tennyson,\" she confessed. \"Why did Tennyson even bother?\" It was an average-sized group that listened to Abby's query: Constance and Edward, plus four men and six women, some guests, some Atlanta residents. \"Malory's English is dated,\" a young lady commented. \"There are modernized versions,\" Abby countered. \"Tennyson does change the story,\" Edward noted. \"Arthur's absence when the grail appears is a pretty major alteration.\" \"Exactly,\" Abby said. \"Why does he have to change it? Why can't he just leave it the way it is?\" \"I'm curious,\" a man offered. \"I've only heard such comments from older readers.\" Constance interrupted. \"Abby's an old soul. Reading since she was three, plus year's of stage work. We all have our favorite versions, don't we?\" \"But that's the point,\" another man said. \"Our stories are versions.\" \"I don't understand,\" Abby admitted. A woman came and sat beside Abby. \"Malory wasn't the first to write the story of Arthur. Robert de Boron and Chretien de Troyes composed versions of the grail saga centuries before Malory was born. He based his work on earlier writings like these. And there were probably generations of oral tradition before Malory's sources were recorded. So no one knows who came up with the grail story first. Maybe there really was a King Arthur.\" \"None of Shakespeare's plays are original,\" Edward added. \"He just reworked other people's material. Julius Caesar from Plutarch, King Lear from Geoffrey of Monmouth. That sort of thing.\" Abby grew quiet. The conversation moved on to other topics. She felt thoroughly embarrassed, as though everyone else in the world knew this idea of \"sources,\" and why didn't she? So many Shakespeare plays she had performed. She had always thought Shakespeare had created his stories himself. Why should she think otherwise? None of the actors on the riverboat had ever mentioned sources. None of them had cared. Malory was a remake, just like Tennyson. What if everything was a remake? What if there were no new stories, and the stories she thought were new only struck her that way because she hadn't read enough yet? What if the day was coming when she knew every story? It made horrible, bitter sense. Grass, seasons, presidents, generations - everything succumbed to a cycle of vain, monotonous futility. Why should literature be any different? There was nothing new under the sun. Except wasn't this gathering new? Abby had asked an intelligent question, and five men had treated her with intellectual respect. When or where had she ever experienced the like? Men looked down on women, dismissed them, ignored them. Not these men, though. These men took her and Constance seriously. Abby wondered if this was really new, though, or if the \"New City\" of Atlanta was also just a remake of some community from an earlier time and place. Abby listened to the group discussion for a bit, delighting in her improved ability to follow along. When she and Constance had come to Atlanta three months ago, Abby's attention wandered so frequently that people assumed something was wrong with her. It was the constant urge to hide ; that was what people didn't understand. How could a vampire focus on social interaction while crippled by fear, distraction, and the need to go unnoticed. That was the beauty of Constance's strategy: hide in plain sight. A person actually attracted less attention by socializing than by cowering in a closet, and it was more fun, too. Abby had tried a version of this strategy on the steamboat, but that had been a long time ago. Plus Constance knew just how to keep people from zeroing in on Abby. Constance could even distract Edward. Especially Edward. Constance's voice rose. \"Susie says no blasted ecstasy can blow memory from expectancy.\" Abby shot a quick glance at Edward. The grimace on his face told Abby he had heard the name \"Susie\" before, knew what it meant. \"It's late,\" Abby said, rising from her couch. \"I'm getting tired, Constance, and I don't want to go upstairs alone.\" Once back in their hotel room, Constance shed her clothes and began jumping on the bed. When Abby tried to get her to stop she began spinning in midair. \"Nifty naked neophyte, pouty punchy vamp, crystal crunchy hematite, jiffy juicy scamp .\" She seized Abby's head, crushed the vampire's face into her throat, and began chanting, \"Juicy, juicy.\" Abby tore herself away. \"Take your clothes off, Abby,\" Constance dared, pretending to fly. \"Birds don't wear clothes.\" Abby broke out the liquor and tobacco. \"Have a smoke,\" Abby suggested, \"and I'll hypnotize you.\" \"Oh, what fun.\" Constance perched on the edge of the bed and began sipping a tumbler of rum. Soon the room was thick with cigar smoke, but Abby didn't mind. Constance babbled between puffs. It disturbed Abby that some of the mad girl's inanities were starting to make sense. Pregnant replies. The vampire touched a hand to Constance's temple and passed a memory into her mind. Abby moved boldly through the coal tunnel's absolute blackness, discovering the collapsed section less than ten minutes after the alarm. Four miners were trapped. The vampire reckoned she would save three. She cleared rubble and led the men to an undamaged passage that, although unlighted, would be easy for experienced miners to follow to the surface. Then she returned to the final survivor, a man in his forties whose chest was crushed beneath rock even Abby would have a hard time lifting. She considered rousing the man. She would describe the mine explosion, ask if he had final words for his family. Fear and shame and nausea prevented her. She bared the miner's neck, tore open his jugular, and drained him dry. By the time Abby made it back downstairs, everyone but Edward had left. \"Did the fountain run out of Coca-Cola?\" Abby asked. \"No,\" Edward answered. \"She drank Coke all day. It's just not lasting as long as it did.\" \"Give her more.\" \"There's only so much she can drink. I'm sorry, Abby.\" Abby considered his protestations and realized he was sorry. He knew there was something wrong with Constance. Perhaps he had always known. Abby had assumed Edward was simply attracted to Constance. Mr. Inman had assumed the same, of course. But what if it was sympathy that compelled Edward to visit Constance? \"The Coca-Cola doesn't really work,\" Edward added, his voice filled with pain. \"It makes her seem normal to those who don't know her, at least until it wears off. But if it really made her normal, she would notice the change. She would ask why she's acting and talking so differently. Coke helps her, but not enough to make her realize that it helps her. She's still not...aware. She's like a child in a woman's body.\" \"And me?\" Abby found herself demanding. \"What am I?\" Edward's eyes went wide at this unexpected query. He looked at the carpet. \"You're a goddess in an angel's body,\" he said. Then he turned and walked away. Abby carried a bag full of champagne bottles onto the back porch of John Stith Pemberton, inventor of Coca-Cola. Edward was right. Soda helped Constance, but not all the way to normal. A normal girl would turn to Abby and say, \"Why am I suddenly speaking in coherent sentences? Why has my imaginary friend disappeared? Why did I kill a farm boy with a set of knitting needles? Why am I sharing a room with a blood sucking devil?\" All reasonable questions. Constance wasn't asking any of them. The vampire banged on the back door for several minutes before Pemberton finally appeared. \"Dr. Pemberton,\" Abby began. \"I have questions about Coca-Cola soda. I can pay,\" she said, lining up four bottles of champagne on the patio tiles. \"And there's this,\" she added, holding out a hundred dollar bill. \"What's going on, child?\" the man asked, wiping the sleep from his eyes. \"Where are your parents?\" \"My parents are dead,\" Abby replied, keeping the money before her like a shield. \"My sister and I live at Kimball House. That's why I'm here. Your brain tonic helps my sister.\" Abby pulled the old ad from her pocket. \"She suffers from nervous affections - neuralgia, hysteria, and melancholy. The Coca-Cola helps her, but not enough. And it seems like it's helping her less, too.\" \"Girl, put that money away,\" Pemberton insisted. \"This is all quite improper, you must know that. Come to my office, set up an appointment.\" \"I can't do that,\" Abby protested, setting the hundred dollar bill on the ground and placing a bottle of champagne on top to keep it from blowing away. \"Please, Dr. Pemberton. I need help, and I don't know who else to ask.\" The old man sighed. \"Well, come in, child. I'll get you something to eat.\" \"No,\" she said, taking a step back. \"Don't invite me in. Just talk to me. Please.\" \"You are a curious creature,\" Pemberton noted, drawing a pipe from his robe and popping it into his mouth. \"Tell me about your sister.\" Abby recounted everything she could: hallucinations, nonsensical speech, memory gaps, fears that \"they\" would get her, ways Coca-Cola helped, inability to notice how it helped. Pemberton posed clarifying questions for a while, then eventually asked, \"Has your sister ever been placed in an asylum?\" \"I need something more than Coke,\" Abby replied, ignoring him. \"Better than Coke. Don't you have anything?\" \"I'm a chemist, not a doctor.\" \"Isn't it the same thing?\" Pemberton smiled. \"I wish it were.\" He disappeared inside for a minute, then returned and handed Abby a large glass bottle. \"This is dangerous stuff,\" he noted. \"But perhaps girls who prowl the night with champagne know something of danger.\" Abby opened the container. It was full of white powder. She gave a sniff. It was odorless. She put the lid back on and read the label: lithium citrate. \"Coke works right away,\" the chemist explained. \"Not lithium. It takes weeks to work. And if you take too much it kills you. That's the problem with it. It's real hard to get the dose right.\" \"So how much do I give her?\" \"I heard of thirty grains sending a woman into convulsions, so I'd recommend less than that.\" \"How much less?\" \"I don't know, that's the point. Some doctors have stopped using it entirely. Say it's not worth the risk.\" Abby persisted. \"What's a grain?\" Pemberton vanished once again. He returned bearing a tiny pharmacist's scale. \"Tell you what, young lady. Leave the champagne, but take your money, the compound, and this instrument, and we'll call it even.\" Abby stashed her new treasures in her bag and said goodnight. A slow-acting medicine was not what she had come for, but if that was all the chemist had she would give it a try. Hopefully two tonics would prove better than one. Three nights later Abby was unloading stock in the Kimball House lounge when she became aware of a man seated in a side alcove. The gas lamps had all been turned off, but that didn't matter: Abby could still tell it was Mr. Inman. A bottle of whiskey sat on the table before him. Abby watched as he filled a glass, downed it, and began pouring more. The vampire's instincts urged her to run. She approached Mr. Inman anyway, fascinated that he had once again surprised her in the dark. When Abby reached the edge of the table Edward's father neither stood nor offered her a seat. Instead he reached down, grabbed another bottle off the floor, and set it firmly on the table before her. At first Abby had the bizarre notion that he was asking her to drink with him. But of course that couldn't be right. She looked at the bottle more closely and read its label out loud: \"Pemberton's French Wine Coca.\" \"This is what Dr. Pemberton cares about,\" Inman explained. \"He only developed Coca-Cola because Atlanta went dry. But he's sold the soda formula to investors so he can focus on marketing the wine coca.\" Inman paused for Abby's benefit, but she didn't know what to say. \"It's the coca that helps your sister,\" Inman continued. \"Some patents call it cocaine. Either way, it seems to be more effective when mixed with alcohol. That's why Dr. Pemberton is more interested in Wine Coca than Coca Cola. Try it instead of the soda, Miss Abigail. See what happens. And leave poor Dr. Pemberton alone,\" he added. \"In the future if you need help, talk to me.\" Abby wasn't sure what to make of this, but for the moment it didn't matter. She turned to leave. \"My best friend and I were wounded at Shiloh,\" Inman said, taking another drink. \"The fight moved on, and we were left lying in the field. Suffering the dying. Smelling them after they died. Clangs and odors of hell, and that was bad enough. But the thirst! I had fought in the heat of the day. Now I was bleeding. How bad I didn't know. Enough to worsen the burning in my throat. \"The hour comes when I see a girl with long blonde hair walking toward me. This doesn't greatly upset me, as I figure every wounded man on the battlefield is hallucinating by now. She wears nothing but a white nightgown. Bare feet. Skin pale, translucent like a baby's. But I think this girl has to be twelve. She kneels down beside me and puts a canteen to my lips. How happy it makes me, this blessed water, even if it's a dream. She lifts my hands to hold the canteen. Her flesh is cold, and it smells strange, but I'm too thirsty to care. \"She switches to my friend. I can't see what she's doing, but she leans over him. I hear her bite. She makes swallowing sounds. What can I do? She drinks. I drink. We drink together. Eventually my canteen is empty, and so is my friend. One thing I hear quite clearly: she breaks his neck. \"The girl in white comes back for the canteen. I grab her hand. That's when she looks me in the eye. I don't think she meant to, but once she starts she can't stop. Her face is covered in blood, but that's not what fixes me. It's her eyes, Miss Abigail. A monster's would be more bearable. But I behold a hybrid. A human being desiccated rather than eliminated. A young woman's beauty tasked as bait to feed a fiend. An enchanted princess despairing, knowing there is nothing under the sun that can set her free. \"That's when I thank God she broke my friend's neck.\"[Chapter 4] Chapter 4 A Day in the Sun \"If the sun touches me for a moment but no longer, I burn but I can heal,\" Abby explained. \"Anything longer than that and I will probably die. Do you understand?\" \"Of course, Miss Abby,\" Edward assured her. \"Every precaution has been taken. This is the innermost parlor at Kimball House. The nearest windows are three rooms over, but they are north facing and so do not admit sunlight. Plus all first-floor drapes are to remain closed throughout the day. My father and I will labor from sunrise to sundown, ensuring your safety.\" \"Yes, please thank Mr. Inman for me. He is most kind to look after my needs.\" Edward bowed. Abby snuggled deeper into her couch, nervous at the approach of dawn. She wore a burgundy dress with high collar, thick white stockings, and leather boots, plus white gloves and matching wide brimmed hat. A quilt covered her lap, while over her shoulders were draped two shawls: emergency protection that could be yanked up to shade her face. \"Have you really never stayed up past sunrise?\" Edward asked. \"I have been awakened during daylight hours, as you know. But I have never voluntarily remained awake through an entire day. I'm not even sure I can. It's like I have a daily urge to hibernate. I may end up just curling into a ball and falling asleep despite all these efforts. If that does happen, you must get Constance out and leave me undisturbed until after sunset.\" The boy gave her a dubious look. \"I have to try,\" Abby said. \"The lithium helps in its own way, but it's not like cocaine. Only cocaine makes Susie go away. But it helps less every day. I never knew Constance. At least, I never knew what Constance could be. Now I'm losing her. It terrifies me to think she might go back to how she was. It'd be like dying. And if she's going to die, Edward Inman, I'm at least going to make myself spend a day with her before she does.\" Edward bowed again and withdrew. Can I do this? Abby wondered. Neither she nor her sister were good at resisting urges. Abby had never understood the compulsion to sleep. Why wasn't it enough simply to hide from the sun? Why did she even need rest, or at least so much? Did it prove a vampire was still a person, a girl? More likely her \"sleep\" was mere boding, lurking, regurgitating: an unholy pause in an unholy pasture as she chewed upon a cud of slaughtered souls. Abby sensed the sun was about to rise. She realized if she remained seated on the couch she would give in and lie down. She cast the quilt aside and began pacing. \"My name is Abigail Wilson, and I am an American. I am a hunter, camp follower, actress, miner, courier, scout. I let Philip kiss me. He wanted to do special things, and I ate him. I let George kiss me. He wanted to do special things, and I ate him. I don't think Edward kissed Constance. He is seventeen and I am twelve. He would never kiss me. How old does a boy have to be before he will kiss you? How old does he have to be before he wants to do special things? Has Constance done special things? I don't want to do special things. I want a boy to kiss me and hug me and caress my face and never want to do special things. And I want to have babies.\" \"And a wonderful mother you will make,\" Constance pronounced from the doorway, Edward at her side. She swept in and gave Abby a kiss on the cheek. \"You'll be serving us in here today, yes?\" she asked her escort. \"Indeed, Miss Constance,\" Edward replied. He disappeared for a moment, then returned with a cart containing breakfast for one. This included a full glass of Pemberton's French Wine Coca, which would be Constance's second serving of the day. Abby had placed the first dose at Constance's bedside, to be consumed immediately upon waking. One positive about her sister: she always took her medicine. Constance found a seat and began eating. \"This is good,\" she commented. \"Hungry?\" \"I...ate before dawn,\" Abby said, marveling. \"I did it, Constance. I stayed awake through a sunrise.\" \"Was it hard?\" \"Yes. I dare not sit down. I'm sorry. Best if I keep walking, actually.\" Constance paused between bites. \"Abby, are you wearing a corset?\" \"I...well, yes.\" \"That's not how to get him to kiss you.\" \"That's not why I'm wearing it,\" Abby protested, blushing. \"It's extra protection.\" \"Uh, huh. I don't mind you kissing him. He's never going to kiss me.\" \"He's seventeen!\" \"I don't think a big bosom's what he's looking for. I stripped for him, after all. He wouldn't even touch me.\" Abby froze, her mouth open in shock. Edward had never even hinted at such an event. Of course Constance could be making it up. But given her proclivity to nudity, Abby didn't think so. \"Why don't you mind being naked?\" Abby asked. \"Because I've got nothing to hide,\" Constance answered. \"You still won't look at me, though. Always averting your eyes.\" \"Do I smell?\" Abby pleaded, her voice almost a whisper. \"Sometimes you smell like a chamber pot.\" \"I use the sewers to move inventory. That's not what I'm talking about. I mean...is there a vampire smell?\" \"You give me cigars, you do hypnotism, you cuddle in bed. I don't care how you smell.\" \"I have to wear clothes. They protect me from the sun. But I also just feel ashamed when I'm naked. Even when I'm alone.\" \"Then let's practice,\" Constance concluded, beginning to unbutton her blouse. \"Not right now,\" Abby said. She pushed her friend's hands aside and closed her shirt back up. Then she laughed. \"That's what I want: to follow every desire and never feel ashamed.\" Constance rose from her chair, cupped Abby's face, and touched foreheads. \"I dream of a day,\" Constance said, \"when you say what you really think and feel. Imagine how happy you'd be if you weren't holding so much in.\" Of course I'm holding stuff in, Abby thought. What am I supposed to say to people? Hi, I have to eat someone in the next 48 hours, and I'm trying to decide if it should be you? The undead life was nurtured on deceit. Oh, Constance knew Abby needed blood to live. And Edward knew Abby was medicating Constance. But no one person knew it all. Abby's counsels were her own, and so she was alone. Plus they died. Every family member. Every friend. Vapor, that's what they were. Vampires gobbled vapor, siphoned mist, glutted on miasma, gorged on fumes. No substance. Nothing lasted. All men were grass. Vapor grass, grassy mist, foggy... Abby became aware of Constance hugging her, stroking her hair. How long had she drifted off? What had they been talking about? Constance had tried to undress, an apparently routine occurrence. Edward had been far more gracious than Abby had realized. His concern really had to be considered more brotherly than anything else. But why should he care to be a brother to Constance? Absurd ideas tumbled through Abby's mind. Edward was really interested in Abby. He cared for Constance in order to keep Abby at the hotel. He liked having Abby as a business partner. He wanted to marry her and go into business together. Mr. Inman would give them the hotel as a wedding present, and they would keep Constance forever as their most honored guest. Yes, and while we're at it we'll discover a world where man is free to speak his mind, vampires don't exist, new stories are written weekly, and nobody feels ashamed. Eventually the girls settled for strolling hand-in-hand about the parlor. Abby plied Constance with calculated doses of wine coca, tobacco, and lithium - as well as tea and scones, of course. Constance plied Abby with questions about history. \"The changes I notice aren't what others notice most,\" Abby explained. \"There are so many coal mines now, and sewers, too. That creates lots of additional hiding places. The telegraph is great because it makes the newspapers better. It's so important to have the latest news. The repeating rifle is the real game-changer, though. Accuracy, stopping power, high rate of fire. I used to be cautious around firearms. Now I fear them. A Winchester Model 1876 with centerfire cartridges makes a man vampire-proof.\" \"How did you become a vampire?\" The change in subject jarred Abby, but she answered, \"My uncle bit me.\" \"Does different people's blood taste different?\" \"Not really.\" \"Can you drink animal blood?\" \"No.\" \"Do you care when a girl's having her period?\" \"No. It's not the right kind of blood.\" \"There are different kinds?\" \"Well...yes. I can drink blood from a living person, at least if it's fresh. But not from a dead person. That's the difference. There's live blood and dead blood. I'm not sure how else to explain it.\" \"Would you like some live blood?\" Constance asked, seizing the knife from her breakfast tray and offering to stab her arm. \"No!\" Abby urged. She tried to grab the implement, but Constance scooted away and pressed the blade to her throat. \"Why are you my friend?\" Constance demanded. \"Nobody likes me.\" \"Edward likes you.\" Constance laughed bitterly. \"I have a pretty face, and Edward feels sorry for me. Attraction wrapped in compassion. Not friendship.\" Abby felt an irrational urge to stroke the knife, so deliciously close to Constance's jugular. If the vampire fed during daylight there'd be no way to escape. Both of them would be destroyed. \"You...accept me,\" Abby explained. \"You never give me that look, that horrible, disapproving look. It's like everyone sees through my clothes. But you don't. You don't look through my clothes, so I don't have to hide. Not with you. I can let you look at me, and I know you...don't see me. That's why I'm your friend, Constance: you don't look through my clothes.\" Constance nodded and returned the knife to her breakfast cart. \"I'm not crazy, you know. I see things others don't see. Is that bad? For most people reality is forever obscured by numinous cloud. They see bits and pieces. But they never recognize the connections, the patterns, the relationships between everything. I see the whole web, Abby. I feel it. I absorb logic and light and meaning from a universe so understandable it makes my head spin. But for this feast of sense I return nonsense. I'm worse than a null set. I'm zero. No matter what fact you multiply me by, I turn it into nothing.\" \"Then I'll be a zero with you,\" Abby said. \"Zero times zero is still zero,\" Constance replied. \"But zero divided by zero,\" she mused, her face brightening, \" that's indeterminate. Oh, what interesting possibilities that would present. Will you be divided by me, Abby? Or vice-versa? I hardly think it matters who's on top.\" \"Uh, sure,\" Abby answered. She had no idea what Constance was talking about. \"Oh, Abby,\" Constance proclaimed, embracing the vampire with the strength of madness and kissing every square inch of her face. \"Two known nothings can produce an undefined something. That's what we will be. Abby divided by Constance: indeterminate.\" Edward served lunch and, as Abby had requested, joined the girls for the afternoon. They perused the King Arthur books recently acquired by Kimball House: History of the Kings of Britain, Sir Gawain and the Green Knight, Lancelot, Le Morte D'Arthur, Idylls of the King. Abby kept moving, one hand clutching a book, the other pinching her leg. If only the world contained a vampiric equivalent of coffee and tobacco. Although maybe boys were better than coffee. Edward kept looking at Constance, but he kept making eye contact with Abby, too. The three of them took turns reading portions of Tennyson: \"Lo now, said Arthur, have ye seen a cloud? What go ye into the wilderness to see? This Quest is not for thee. Thou hast not true humility, thou hast not lost thyself to save thyself. Then every evil word I had spoken once, and every evil thought I had thought of old, and every evil deed I ever did, awoke and cried, This Quest is not for thee.\" Questions stacked in Abby's mind: Wouldn't the knights have a greater chance of survival if they searched together? Why such indirect narration - Tennyson recounting Ambrosius listening to Percivale telling about Galahad? All these people and places Galahad supposedly conquered - did they even have names? Why did everyone keep calling it a romance? \"We should write a new version,\" Abby blurted. Edward raised his eyebrows, surprised. \"I thought you didn't want to change it.\" \"I've changed my mind.\" \"Tell us what you're thinking,\" Constance said. \"Well, for starters we need to put some women in the story,\" said Abby. \"I mean real characters, not just nuns.\" \"Britain is the main woman in the story,\" Edward explained. \"Huh?\" \"The knights of the Round Table are charged with guarding Britain. She is the 'damsel in distress' they must rescue from dragons, meaning bandits and Saxons.\" \"But what does the grail have to do with that?\" Abby asked. \"Nothing,\" Edward said, \"and that's the point. They should ignore the grail and hold fast their duty.\" \"Instead Percivale makes that stupid vow,\" Abby observed, \"and everyone follows suit.\" Edward nodded. \"The hardest possible test for a knight: to stay where you are. And they fail.\" \"For what?\" Abby asked bitterly. \"The grail is useless. If you're good enough to see it, you don't need it. If you need it, you're never good enough to see it. It doesn't solve anything. It's...under the sun.\" \"Then that's how you change the story,\" Constance interjected. \"Make them seek a grail that's over the sun.\" Abby found this intriguing. \"If the grail is over the sun, would that make it a new story? One that's never been told?\" \"Who's the hero, who's the monster, who's the bride?\" Edward asked. \"If it's a female vampire we're talking about,\" Constance said, \"then she could be the monster and the bride.\" Abby halted in terror, cast her eyes to the floor, and waited for the hammer to fall. Edward refused to speak. Constance wouldn't stop babbling. A pestle of silence ground Abby against a mortar of madness, crushing her wind-chasing heart to powder. Vanity. All of it was vanity. Why had she even bothered hiding from the sun? A single word was enough to burn her life to ash. \"Let's try a game,\" Edward suggested. \"Triple alliterations you can buy at the store.\" \"Burdock Blood Bitters,\" Constance promptly offered. \"Excellent,\" Edward replied. \"Hale's Horehound Honey.\" \"Oh, that's a good one. Craig's Kidney Cure.\" \"Nice. Seven Sutherland Sisters.\" \"Botanic Blood Balm.\" \"Abby?\" Edward asked, voice painfully kind. \"Can you think of any?\" Abby finally glanced up. Edward's expression confirmed her fear. He had put the pieces together. The world had changed. He would never look at Abby the same way again. Constance had made the entire experiment possible, of course. And Constance had ruined it. Five months' participation in Atlanta society, no one knowing or suspecting. Except Mr. Inman, of course. But he didn't count. Edward did. \"Curative Corns Cures,\" Abby answered. Edward granted her a smile. Such beautiful missives, Edward Inman's smiles. Short stories knitted in aspect. Abby figured she wouldn't be reading many more. By tea Constance grew restless. She roamed beside Abby, chewed her fingers, kept watch on the hallway. \"You promised not to let them get me,\" Constance reminded the vampire. \"You promised not to let them get me.\" She rolled herself along the wall. \"They won't get you. Abby will help you. Abby's always sleeping. Sleep in the day. I'm not a raccoon. A raccoon for your eyes, covered in cries, coated in lies, varmint dies.\" She tried to take off her shirt. Abby knelt down and shared a memory. It was a long memory, during the imparting of which Abby was totally at Edward's mercy. When she finally separated, Constance had calmed down and Edward was crying. \"Remarkable,\" he said. \"The way you cherish and stroke her. It's like you're a part of her. You would make a wonderful mother, Miss Abigail.\" Now Abby was in danger of weeping. \"I need to get her to bed,\" she replied, lifting Constance from the floor. \"Thank you for everything, Edward. It was...a perfect day in the sun.\" Edward pursed his lips and nodded. Then he wiped the tears from his eyes and bowed. \"You're welcome, Miss Abigail. Good night.\" \"Good night, Edward.\" Abby received a lot of strange looks as she carried Constance toward the stairwell, but this was the fastest way to get her friend upstairs and right now the vampire wanted nothing more than the privacy of her own closet. By the time they got inside their room Constance was giggling. The girl ripped her clothes off at last and jumped on the bed. Abby pulled out the rum and cigars and leaned against the doorframe, exhausted. \"Take your clothes off, take your clothes off,\" the mad girl coaxed. Abby handed over the bottle and produced a box of matches. If a vampire stayed up all day, would it cause her to sleep all night? That would probably feel even stranger than being awake during the day. Plus she had fought to stay awake. If she went to bed now, would she have to fight to stay asleep? She lay down with Constance and held her close. Such a beautiful woman. \"I love you,\" Abby whispered. \"One day you'll take off your clothes for someone,\" Constance said. \"And get in bed with him.\" \"Sleep naked with a boy? That's crazy!\" \"I mean it, Abby. No one makes you. You choose to be naked. You take your clothes off. You get in his bed. That's when you know you love him.\" Abby smiled. She would never sleep naked with anyone, of course. Certainly not with a boy. A sign of insanity, this tendency toward nudity. Perhaps Constance was right: the insane had nothing to hide. Abby had lots to hide. And now Edward knew. Or at least suspected. A vampire was staying at Kimball House. The guests weren't dying. But somebody was. And Edward, though unwittingly, was a part of it. Constance passed out at last. Abby went to the window and began observing traffic. That's when it struck her: at some point in the evening, without her even realizing it, the sun had set.[Chapter 5] Chapter 5 The Luminous Cloud \"Feeling religious?\" Edward asked as he drove Abby and Constance toward a hayfield east of town. \"I've decided to shift Constance's sleep schedule, at least as much as I can,\" Abby answered. \"I shot a raccoon,\" Constance offered. \"It tried to eat my eggshells. Would you want a slimy crown? Listen! I don't like fried eggs.\" \"She does better with people around,\" Abby continued. \"If these meetings are like others I've seen, they'll go late, and later each night. Hopefully by Sunday I'll have her going to bed so late she doesn't get up till lunch.\" \"I have been watching out for her,\" Edward noted. \"I know you have. And I'm very grateful, Edward. But she's a lot to manage. If we can get her to wake up later, by the time she starts fading I'll be awake also. We can help her together.\" Abby paused. She hadn't meant to say it quite like that. But the truth was she loved working with Edward Inman: running Kimball House, tending Constance, entertaining guests, writing essays. Atlanta's feather-headed debutantes could keep that courting silliness. Edward's demeanor may have been distant since Constance uttered the word \"vampire,\" but Abby was acting like his wife. Surely if the two of them worked together long enough, anything was possible. They heard the crowd before they saw it: a goodly portion of Atlanta's citizenry belting out hymns to the accompaniment of fiddles and banjos. Abby smiled with expectation when she realized how many of the voices were male. If the men were singing as loud as the women - and on the first night, too - it was going to be a great revival. Edward parked the buggy and led the girls to the edge of the gathering. A temporary stage had been built in front of a barn. From here the property sloped south toward a line of woods. The owner had just made hay, so the grass was short. A bonfire plus a half moon provided light. Abby began bouncing on her feet and squeezing Constance's hand, while Constance joined in the singing. She sang with eyes closed, dancing, rocking, cheeks red and soft and deliciously alive. Her voice demonstrated some training, while still sounding earthy and innocent. Here was one person who didn't care who was listening! That made it private music, Abby realized. This was what a girl sounded like when no one was listening: intimate, centered, at rest. Abby touched Edward's hand. He jerked away, snapping the vampire out of her reverie. \"Why are you here?\" he demanded. \"Why are you here?\" Abby challenged back. \"To see if it might help me,\" Edward answered, moving a few paces from Constance, requiring Abby to follow. \"To see if it might help me forgive you.\" \"Forgive me?\" \"You lied to me.\" \"You're attracted to Constance,\" Abby shot back. \"Of course I am. But I'm not in love with her. She's a child, and she's unwell.\" \"Of course I lied to you, Edward. I'm unwell, and I'm a child.\" Edward got up close. \"Prove you're not,\" he ordered. \"Prove you're not a child.\" Abby swallowed, her heart racing. \"Ask me anything,\" she said. \"I'll tell you the truth.\" \"Why are you here?\" \"It's the only way I can go to church,\" Abby answered. \"A girl can be out really late in this type of meeting and no one thinks it's strange. It's in the open air so I don't fell trapped. I feel more comfortable in the dark. There's anonymity. In regular church people wonder who you are and ask questions. You can move around during the service. You can stand in a different spot each night. If you're not standing near the front you can talk through the whole thing. Plus you can be emotional, and everyone accepts it. You can't show emotion in church. And the music's way better. I never could stand organs. And it's acceptable to come early and stay late.\" Edward responded with a frown, which confused Abby. She was being honest. Shouldn't that make him happy? The preacher got up and began teaching through Genesis 1. He had a good outdoor voice, projecting to the farthest edges of the crowd without sounding like he was shouting. Constance kept moving as though the music had never stopped. Abby supposed that was an additional benefit of camp meetings: you could act crazy without being noticed. \"What are you thinking?\" Edward asked. \"I'm wondering what I am,\" Abby said as the preacher continued with his text. \"Am I man created in God's image? Or am I a beast of the earth, a creeping thing, or...a winged fowl?\" Edward's eyes went wide at this, but he didn't ask the questions that had to be churning through his mind. \"Sounds like everything was vegetarian at first,\" he offered. \"And very good,\" Abby added. \"That leaves me out.\" It was a ridiculous exercise anyway, trying to fit herself in the Bible. She wasn't angel, animal, or human. She was nothing. \"I understand the schedule they're following. Six nights of meetings concluding Saturday, then everyone goes to church Sunday morning. After doing this all week won't people be too tired to go to church?\" \"Isn't that why people go to church?\" Edward suggested. \"Because they're tired?\" \"They should sleep if they're tired.\" \"There's different kinds of rest.\" Abby couldn't argue with that. The speaker moved into Genesis 2. \"If God made man of dust,\" she asked, \"why is he full of blood?\" \"He made him out of breath, too,\" Edward said. Abby gasped and covered her mouth. What did she feed on? Blood...or breath? Was it actually a man's life that she consumed? Murdering people was bad enough. Did she do something even worse? She felt like she was going to be sick. She began backing away. Edward grabbed her hand and held her in place. \"Stay with me,\" he insisted. The preacher read another passage: \"And the Lord God commanded the man, saying, Of every tree of the garden thou mayest freely eat: But of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, thou shalt not eat of it: for in the day that thou eatest thereof thou shalt surely die.\" \"It's unfair,\" Abby objected. \"There's only one thing I can eat.\" She froze, realizing she had spoken out loud. Well, Edward wanted honesty, didn't he? Maybe she should give him a good dose of it. \"I dug up a dead woman once,\" Abby recounted. \"I forced myself to drink, but had to spit it back up. I fed on a dead Redcoat, a dead girl in Charleston, a dead Mexican in Monterrey. Always the same result: uncontrolled vomiting.\" Abby waited for Edward to recoil in disgust, but he stood his ground. \"Humanity had a choice,\" he said. \"We chose to eat the fruit, and God kept his promise to curse us. He gave us death.\" Abby laughed bitterly. \"Is that my role, then? I'm part of the curse?\" \"Probably.\" She thought about hitting him, decided that would unnecessarily complicate their evening. The minister quoted: \"And the Lord God said, It is not good that the man should be alone; I will make him an help meet for him.\" I'm the best helper you will ever find, Edward Inman. It was a given. But so was the hopeless consummation Abby offered. She could help Edward run the hotel, but how could she give him children? Could she be naked with him and not feel ashamed? Could they become one flesh? The stars in the sky, the rainbow-gilded sun, the very watch in Edward's pocket - all of it made chronological mockery of Abby's longings: Edward aged, she did not. Edward would one day take a help meet to himself. He had to, of course. But it wouldn't be Abby. It couldn't be Abby. You had to be human to get married. Abby belonged in some other story, in some other world. A world without consummation. A world without hope. The preacher got to Genesis 3, and Abby perked up. This was the passage for her: the chapter with a monster. \"What is the serpent?\" Abby asked. \"Is it a snake? Or is it Satan talking through a snake?\" \"Does it matter?\" Edward replied. \"I used to wonder why the serpent doesn't just eat them. But there are worse things to do to someone than eating him.\" Edward nodded. \"I wonder what would happen if the serpent grabbed a fruit and shoved it down her throat.\" \"Well,\" Abby said, \"besides the matter of snakes not having hands, isn't intent important? How would it be sin if she didn't mean to do it?\" Abby started rooting for Eve. Please don't eat it. But she did. \"Hey,\" Abby noted. \"It says Adam was with her.\" \"That's where the archetype comes from,\" Edward said. \"The hero is supposed to protect the bride from the monster. Instead he stands there and lets the thing eat her. Metaphorically speaking.\" Adam the hero? Definitely not. He didn't even have the guts to own up to his actions. Oh, Abby understood the desire to hide. The desperate need for covering. But blaming Eve? Abby's uncle had dared blame her. Blame her! The coward had escaped before dawn, of course. He had not witnessed Abby's true fall from innocence. God started pronouncing curses. The serpent had a seed. The woman had a seed. Why couldn't Abby have a seed? Except she could reproduce: a painful truth she had learned the hard way. And if monsters were what she begot, maybe that really was her role in the story. She was just another serpent, destined to get her head crushed. Adam returning to dust reminded Abby of the blood flaking off her dress on the way to Atlanta. Just enough blood had become removable to taunt her with the possibility of getting out the rest. What was blood? Food, drink, stain, dirt, dust, mist, grass. A meal of monsters. A story already told. A comment from the minister caught Abby's attention. \"Why does God make Adam and Eve new clothes?\" she asked. \"They already made clothes out of fig leaves.\" \"I don't know,\" Edward said. God makes clothes, Abby thought. Interesting . She would pay good money for a dress no one could see through. But did God know how it felt to be naked? He didn't have a body. The speaker brought Genesis 3 to a conclusion: \"And the Lord God said, Behold, the man is become as one of us, to know good and evil: and now, lest he put forth his hand, and take also of the tree of life, and eat, and live for ever: Therefore the Lord God sent him forth from the garden of Eden, to till the ground from whence he was taken. So he drove out the man; and he placed at the east of the garden of Eden Cherubims, and a flaming sword which turned every way, to keep the way of the tree of life.\" The preacher explained: \"Adam and Eve are dead. God banishes them lest they eat from the tree of life, and then live forever in a state of death. This act of kindness indicates there is a fate worse than death: endless life in a cursed, fallen estate. Perpetual death with no hope of death. Walking corpses reeking of hell. Praise God for tempering judgment with mercy. He curses the ground once. He does not curse it twice.\" Abby fell to her knees, buried her face in her hands, and began weeping. Living forever in a state of death. Perpetual death with no hope of death. Walking corpses reeking of hell. Abby did have a place in the story: she was a human being cursed twice instead of once. Doomed, lost, fallen, ruined. But human. Still human. A woman. A girl. Her crying grew louder. Maybe she was a girl, but she was a girl without clothes. Without a husband. Without a future. What was worse than death? Living forever in a state of death. God had tried to keep it from happening. God had failed. Abby felt Edward and Constance embracing her. Constance stroked the vampire's hair, petted her, cried with her. Edward didn't say anything, but he didn't pull away, either. They huddled in the grass: three humans. Two dead even though alive. One alive even though dead. The next night Edward waited until the third hymn to ask, \"Why are you here?\" \"The Bible has vampires,\" Abby replied. \"I've never paid it much mind. Except for Ecclesiastes, of course. 'Vanity and vexation, nothing new under the sun, mourning is the end of all men.' Only the cheerful stuff for me.\" \"Cast thy bread upon the waters,\" Edward quoted, \"for thou shalt find it after many days.\" He took Abby's hand and held it tight. They hovered at the back of the crowd with fingers intertwined, enjoying the autumn weather and listening to Constance sing. \"I need to remember how music affects her,\" Abby said. \"She was so peaceful last night. I think the hymns kept playing in her mind.\" The preacher presented Leviticus as his text, and at first Abby thought it would be dull. Then she realized the theme for the evening was blood. \"And he shall take of the blood of the bullock, and sprinkle it with his finger upon the mercy seat eastward; and before the mercy seat shall he sprinkle of the blood with his finger seven times.\" The minister spent a good five minutes on the word \"sprinkle.\" Then he demonstrated from the Bible how a person could also shed, pour, sprinkle, carry, eat, hear, take, receive, throw, require, dash, paint, offer, sacrifice, burn, avenge, lick, see, cover, suck, disclose, betray, drink, and share blood. Indeed, there seemed precious few transitive verbs that could not take blood as their direct object. \"The voice of thy brother's blood crieth unto me from the ground,\" Abby quoted. \"I never heard blood speak.\" \"She who has ears to hear, let her hear,\" Edward said. Abby pressed her hands to her abdomen. Abel's blood cried from the ground. Was her stomach made of dust? Was it full of voices? Ground could receive blood and cover it. That sounded promising. But ground was a cursed cheat; it could change its mind, and often did, disclosing the blood it had drunk. \"Without shedding of blood is no remission,\" the speaker emphasized. It made no sense. Abby wanted less blood, not more. She wanted to be cleansed of blood, but all this crazy preacher wanted to talk about was blood that cleansed. Blood couldn't make her clean. Blood couldn't make anyone clean. Sprinkle a bloody girl with blood and what did you get? A girl covered with twice as much blood. \"And whatsoever man there be of the house of Israel, or of the strangers that sojourn among you, that eateth any manner of blood; I will even set my face against that soul that eateth blood, and will cut him off from among his people. For the life of the flesh is in the blood: and I have given it to you upon the altar to make an atonement for your souls: for it is the blood that maketh an atonement for the soul.\" Abby had not imagined the Bible could contain something so horrible. She wandered from the crowd, mumbling. The life of the flesh is in the blood. So it was true. Vampires didn't consume flesh. They swallowed souls. They ate life itself. And how much had she eaten? At least one soul every two weeks since the attack on Fort Dobbs. Blood, life, soul. God had set his face against Abby. She was cut off. She reached the edge of the woods, where a hand on her shoulder stopped her. She turned to find Edward, concerned as always. \"I don't think going in there would be the best idea,\" he said. Abby tried to focus on their location. During revivals couples sometimes retreated to such places. If the two of them went in together, townsfolk would assume the worst. Indeed, Edward was taking quite a risk with his reputation walking even this far with a young woman. \"I'm sorry,\" Abby said. They headed back to the meeting. \"Do you know why sacrifices were offered over and over again?\" Edward asked. \"Because they didn't work.\" The vampire scowled. \"Of course they didn't work. Blood can't make you clean.\" \"Unless there's different kinds of blood.\" Abby stopped. She had said as much to Constance during their day in the sun. \"Live blood and dead blood,\" Abby recalled. They rejoined Constance as the crowd began singing: What can wash away my sin? Nothing but the blood of Jesus. What can make me whole again? Nothing but the blood of Jesus. Oh, precious is the flow that makes me white as snow; no other fount I know, nothing but the blood of Jesus. Would you be free from your burden of sin? There's power in the blood, power in the blood. Would you over evil a victory win? There's wonderful power in the blood. There is a fountain filled with blood drawn from Immanuel's veins; and sinners, plunged beneath that flood, lose all their guilty stains. Abby found herself getting more and more frustrated. Edward must have noticed, for he took her hand and tried to encourage her. \"Live blood and dead blood,\" he reminded her. \"Just listen to the rest of the story. Maybe then it'll make more sense.\" \"Why are you here?\" Edward asked. \"I want to know how the story ends,\" Abby answered. \"It's only Wednesday. You may have to wait a few nights.\" \"I can wait.\" Except she couldn't. Fulton County's prohibition ordinance would be repealed in two weeks, eliminating Abby's source of income. Constance was approaching the point of requiring continuous supervision, despite daily consumption of two bottles of wine coca and twenty grains of lithium. The Bible had started messing with Abby's mind: Adam and Eve banished lest they eat from the tree of life and live forever, eating blood outlawed because the life was in the blood. And suddenly Edward Inman was willing to hold her hand. \"Why are you so good at business?\" Edward asked. \"I'm not afraid of disapproval,\" Abby suggested. \"I can speak my mind, knowing I have nothing to lose. And if someone stabs me in the back, I take care of it.\" \"Why won't you put Constance in a hospital?\" \"You have to see it, Edward. The asylum. Constance would rather be dead.\" \"Can you keep doing it? Taking care of her?\" \"I love her.\" Edward acknowledged this, then hesitated. \"Are you a virgin?\" he asked. Well, it's about time, Abby thought. \"You've seen me calm Constance,\" she said. \"I'd like to show you how I do it.\" She placed a hand on Edward's face and took him into her past. The gaunt, hooded figure of Abby's uncle approached her sleeping form. The man shook her awake, threw her onto her stomach, and began doing something horrible. Abby screamed, Abby fought, Abby tried to get away. Her uncle was too strong. Abby clawed at the sheet in futility, her cries of pain ripping the night. Then a fresh agony tore into the child: the vampire had bitten her shoulder. Abby released Edward and looked down, fearing rejection. Yet he seemed neither shocked nor confused by what he had just experienced. And this, more than anything else the boy had done, finally convinced Abby that he wasn't a boy. Edward Inman was a man. He embraced Abby and began stroking her hair. \"I'm sorry, Abby. I'm so sorry.\" Constance discovered they were hugging and joined in. They made a curious scene: Edward with his arms around Abby, Constance with her arms around them both. It occurred to Abby that her own arms remained at her sides, and she wondered why. Did you have to hug someone back for it to count as a real hug? Was Edward really stroking her hair? Did it matter to him that she wasn't a virgin? The start of the sermon interrupted: \"In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God.\" The three of them broke apart, although Edward kept hold of Abby's hand. Constance returned to her inner hymn sing, humming with eyes closed as she swayed from side to side. \"And the Word was made flesh, and dwelt among us.\" Abby kept looking at Edward. How was he internalizing what had just happened? No two people reacted the same way to memory sharing. Constance was unique, of course: no matter how gruesome the recollection, it only ever made her happy or sleepy. But Edward was a normal person, and he had just become a part of Abby as she was violated and murdered. Or rather transformed into a murdering devil. Becoming a murderer was infinitely worse than being murdered. Hopefully Edward was beginning to understand that. The preacher finally caught Abby's attention, harping on the topic of eternal life. As if anyone would want to live forever! Except some people did. But only because they didn't know better. Abby squatted down and felt the grass. She hated grass. It just kept growing, and getting eaten, and growing, and getting eaten. Rhythms of alleged change just bound a person in larger shackles of monotony. There was nothing new under the sun. Edward spoke: \"The grail story is really anti-Christian.\" Abby blinked. \"Huh?\" \"You already noticed it yourself. If you're good enough to see the grail, you don't need it. If you need it, you're not good enough to see it.\" \"Right...\" \"A holy person seeking after the holy and maybe earning a bit of God's favor. Is that Christianity? The Word become flesh and dwelt among us. Not holy people seeking God. God seeking unholy people. Offering a grail to those who don't deserve it. A grail for the unholy. An unholy grail.\" \"But then we can't be the hero.\" Edward smiled and squeezed her hand. \"The hero goes on a quest to fight a battle to win a bride. Is it really so bad, having to be the bride? Especially to such a husband! Imagine a man loving you, not because you're beautiful, but despite the fact you're not. That's...\" \"Unconditional love,\" Abby said. But she refused to accept it. There were different kinds of death, different kinds of blood. There were different kinds of love, too. And how could anyone truly love a vampire? If Edward knew, if he knew her offenses, the charnel cravings of her undead lust, he would not talk of love. He would gather a mob and cast her on the bonfire. Not a bride for winning. Fuel for burning. Nothing. On Thursday evening Edward remained silent until the last song. \"Why are you here?\" Abby dared to stare him in the eye. \"I want to be the bride,\" she informed him. This pleased Edward. \"Has anyone ever loved you?\" he asked. \"Yes.\" \"Have you ever loved anyone?\" Now that was a complicated question. A hundred years roaming America as an undead blight, and she had loved...whom? Had she ever loved? \"I...don't know,\" she answered. Edward took her hands and studied her face as best he could in the low light. \"Can you stay?\" he asked. \"Can you leave?\" \"My duty is to my family. To my community. The Inman household is rebuilding Atlanta. We will make it one of the great cities of the Union.\" \"The knights who stayed behind with Arthur,\" Abby observed. \"No one remembers their names.\" Edward released her. \"That's what makes the test so cruel. It's unromantic to stay behind and guard the roads. The travelers don't care, though.\" \"How is running a hotel guarding the roads?\" \"If I'd been off chasing the grail, we never would have met. You found me in the way of duty. In the way of duty I will remain.\" Constance ran to Abby and grabbed her hand. \"Abby, listen ,\" she urged. \"Listen!\" Abby realized the sermon had already started, and that Constance wanted her to pay attention. She tried to shift her attention. \"And Jesus rebuked him, saying, Hold thy peace, and come out of him. And when the unclean spirit had torn him, and cried with a loud voice, he came out of him. And he healed many that were sick of divers diseases, and cast out many devils; and suffered not the devils to speak, because they knew him. They that are whole have no need of the physician, but they that are sick: I came not to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance.\" Sick people were invited to the stage to receive prayer for healing. Constance jumped up and down with excitement. \"Come on, Abby,\" she urged, trying to pull the vampire forward. \"Come on . They'll cast the devil out of you. You'll be healed!\" Abby doubled over and vomited. Clots of rot and filth poured from her mouth, splattering the grass. It smelled so horrible it made her vomit more. She collapsed onto her hands and knees, dry heaving dust as spasms wracked her abdomen. She could hear people screaming and throwing up, adding the odor of acid to the basic ash Abby had just expelled. The extremis of hunger throttled her cramping stomach. If she didn't feed at once she would lose all control over who she ate. She began crawling toward the tree line. She found a couple spending time in the woods. Abby consumed both of them, then tore their limbs off, desperate for a few extra drops. Eventually she made her way to a stream and collapsed in the water. It felt nice, this innocent liquid flowing over her body. But she couldn't drink it. What had happened? Abby pondered for a long time, till her face broke out in a brilliant smile. She had seen a vision. A vision wrapped in luminous cloud. The holy grail had appeared at last, and Abby knew what it was: a cure for Constance. It embarrassed Abby that the grail had been forced to appear to her. She should have figured it out on her own. Cocaine was not a cure, but it helped. And if one medicine could help Constance, another medicine could heal her. It was simply a question of finding it. The vampire began walking toward town. A quest. A quest to find the grail. Money was the key, of course. In a new city money could buy anything. She would have to make a lot of money. And then...she would buy the grail. She reached the alley beside the hotel and discovered Edward in a buggy. He did not look well. \"Edward, what are you doing?\" He covered his face with a handkerchief. \"Get in the back,\" he husked. Abby felt confused, but did what she was told. Edward leaned over the side and retched, though nothing came up. \"You're sick,\" Abby protested. \"You shouldn't be out.\" \"Stay down,\" Edward barked. \"And don't speak.\" He drove for ten minutes, till they were beyond the street lights. Then he pulled into the back of a building with a large receiving dock. Edward got down and banged on a wooden door. An elderly woman opened to him. He turned and motioned for Abby to get out. \"This is my aunt, Mrs. McDougall,\" Edward introduced. \"Do what she says.\" Then he escaped inside. Mrs. McDougall opened the loading door. \"Follow me,\" she ordered. Abby passed through basement storage into a dark, tiled room built around a porcelain counter. The lights came on and Abby realized where she was: an embalming chamber. Edward had brought her to a mortuary. \"You need to bathe,\" Mrs. McDougall explained. \"Sit on the table and use this hose. The water washes down the drain, straight into the sewer. I've got soap and detergent. Here is lye, too, if you think it will help. If you need assistance, I am...accustomed to the smell.\" Abby just stared. Mrs. McDougall excused herself and shut the door. What was happening? Did they really expect her to undress in this place? She approached the embalming table, discovered a mirror on the ceiling. Her body and clothes were covered in blood. Damp with water, too. Had she fed at the revival? That would be a disaster. Although she looked so skeletal she found it hard to believe she had eaten anything. Abby felt numb and distracted, but she removed her clothes, got the water running, and took her place on the table. She scrubbed and scrubbed, using every detergent and chemical the funeral home had to offer. The mirror reflected her starving, undead pallor into her empty, undead eyes. The bathtub of the dead. Perhaps if the mortician's wife returned, Abby could eat her. Not many corpses got to do that. The door cracked open. A hand began pushing bottles into the room: rum, whiskey, champagne, wine coca. Except these bottles were corked. Abby rushed from the table, pulled a cork, and began guzzling. Warm, breathy, salty life. Where did it come from? It didn't matter. She drained container after container, fourteen bottles, the equivalent of three men. Now towels and a fresh dress came through the door. Abby made herself presentable in time for Mrs. McDougall's reappearance. The lady took her upstairs, where Constance and Edward stood waiting in a parlor. Both had bandages on their left arms. \"Dr. Pemberton must have taken blood from thirty people,\" Edward said. \"You look a lot better.\" Constance settled on a couch. \"I want to go home,\" she mumbled. \"Sleeping syrup,\" Edward explained. \"Her words...we couldn't have people hearing what she was saying.\" \"What was she saying?\" \"You threw up, Abby.\" \"I threw up? Why?\" Then an additional question occurred to her. \" What did I throw up?\" \"Two people are dead, a man and a woman.\" \"Do they know who did it?\" \"We're not sure. Dozens of people got sick, so in that sense you didn't stand out. But we think Constance was seen with the bodies. She...rearranged the pieces. There are marshals at Kimball House, waiting to question both of you. You have to go away. Immediately.\" \"I saw the grail, Edward. I saw the grail!\" \"What?\" \"I kept thinking it was an object. But it's medicine. Medicine for Constance. I'm going to find it, Edward, and I'm going to heal her. I know you can't come. You have your family. But I can find the grail and come back. Isn't that what the knights did? They left Camelot. But they came back. Once Constance is healed, everything will be so much easier. You'll see.\" Edward shook his head. He helped Constance up, led the girls outside. There they found Mr. Inman standing beside a loaded carriage. He handed Abby a purse. \"That's a thousand dollars in notes,\" he explained. \"There's another thousand in gold in your trunk. And you've got tonic for Constance in there, too. I reckon at least a month's worth.\" He passed her two tickets. \"Take the cotton train to Chattanooga. My people know to leave the last car unsearched. Then use the tickets to board for Sante Fe.\" Abby tried to thank him, but Mr. Inman refused to hear it. \"Next time you see me, Miss Abigail.\" He tipped his hat and stepped aside, while Edward got Constance into the carriage. \"I would have preferred a better parting feast,\" Abby said. Edward seemed to swear under his breath. \"Just because you see a vision doesn't mean you have to follow it.\" \"I can do this, Edward. If the cocaine helps her some, another medicine will help her more. The cure is out there. I'm going to find it.\" Edward looked so sad and helpless and confused. Abby wondered what to say. \"I'm sorry. I didn't want it to be this way. We both knew I couldn't stay. Not forever. I will write, every chance I get. Just save a room for us. And keep my seat at the round table. Because I'll be back, Edward Inman. I promise you: I'll be back.\" Edward leaned down, took Abby's hair in his hand, and kissed her on the mouth. Then he pressed his forehead to hers. \"So Constance is the bride. I guess that makes you the hero.\" Abby grimaced. \"And the monster.\" Edward pulled her to himself. Abby let her hand touch his hair, his face, his back. \"I didn't want to be the hero or the monster,\" she whispered. \"I just wanted to be the bride.\" Edward gave her a final kiss and spoke: \"May God grant you to be all three.\"[Chapter 6] Wild West Deadwood Sheriff's Deputy William Hamilton locked away the night's first drunk and returned to the street. A desiccated wind chafed his face with Lakota memory, brothel raucous, and ore-flavored snow. William turned up his collar. It was December 2, 1888. A stagecoach appeared out of the dark, driven by a single, twelve-year-old girl. The carriage halted before the Lead Inn, and William rushed forward to offer assistance, assuming an emergency of some sort must be in progress. The child hopped down without urgency, however, and gave William a quick glance. \"Good evening,\" she announced. \"I'm here to make my fortune.\" The girl did not give William time to reply. Instead she opened the carriage door and offered a hand to an attractive young woman of about seventeen. This second female stepped into the cold, grabbed a clutch of snow from the ground, and ate it. \"Across the Jordan?\" she asked. The driver nodded. \"The Promised Land, Constance. Only better. Not milk and honey. Gold and Indians.\" She took the older girl by the hand and led her into the hotel. By the time William processed this unaccountable sequence of events, porters were outside grabbing the newcomers' baggage. There was a lot of it. No firearms, though. At least none the deputy could see. Had two defenseless children really survived an unescorted journey through Dakota Territory? William entered the lodge. The girls had already disappeared into their room, so the Deputy questioned the night clerk. \"Misses Constance and Abigail Carlson, orphaned sisters from New Mexico. Been expecting them for days. No, no family here. No family anywhere, it would seem. Appear to have money, though. Paid in gold for a month's room and board. No, can't say why they're here. Certainly don't seem like they plan on working. Hoping for husbands, maybe? Don't see why they'd need to come this far to get married, though.\" William Hamilton recalled his first action as a trooper. The Union lines at Chickahominy collapsed. 5th Cavalry counterattacked the Texans in an effort to prevent the retreat from degenerating into a route. Such a lightheaded moment, staring across the field at that Confederate brigade, daring to believe a charge could slow them down. Suicidal folly. The 5th Cav got schooled the hard way that afternoon: sometimes the best thing to do with your horse was get the hell off it. After twenty-six years fighting, William had gotten off his horse. Not that he had gone soft, of course. This was still a rugged land. Unbowed Sioux lingered. But Deadwood's wild days lay behind her. Families had started moving to town, enough that one could no longer assume a passing woman was a whore. The Hearst family, for better or for worse, had consolidated its control over the Homestake Mine. And within the next two years a railroad spur would link the Black Hills to the outside world. Deadwood wasn't the frontier anymore. Perhaps there was no more frontier. These Southern girls brought a different danger. Not the routine risks of blizzard and highwayman. Something more leery, tearing: a gilded sliver of malice. Beautiful. Hollow. Foundational. Fey. The deputy imagined the last pieces of the old world gathering in Dakota for a final, collective immolation. He approved such a blaze. He would gladly behold the Burlington Line extended over his ashes, as long as enough Sioux got mixed into the ground in the process. Let the end come, William thought, in powder and track. Let the end come. Two weeks later the deputy found the post office open after sundown, the clerks busy distributing the final dry goods shipment before Christmas. He had not planned on tarrying, but when William realized Abby and Constance Carlson were waiting in line, he pressed forward into the crowd. \"Add four Jills,\" Constance explained. \"Then there's eight men and eight women, and everybody's happy. Make the Jokers fetch water so there's no breaking of crowns. Unless your hermit crab's named Jack. Silly nickname for John, if you ask me. I don't think there's a single crab in Dakota. Edward made Jack take back that burned crab-cake. That's probably why he tried to serve it. No Jill.\" William caught Abby's eye and approached. \"Miss Carlson,\" he began. \"Deputy William Hamilton, at your service.\" \"Abigail Carlson,\" the child replied. \"My sister, Constance.\" The older girl smiled, but did not offer her hand. \"Mrs. Baker says you often inquire after our well-being. Thank you for your concern.\" William gave a slight bow. \"Deadwood can be an unfriendly place for women. I would make certain you and your sister are treated with respect.\" \"That is very kind of you,\" Abby replied. \"And if I may,\" William added, \"you do remind me of my daughters.\" \"Have you not had occasion to see them recently?\" \"My wife and I had three daughters. None survived to adulthood.\" The child winced. \"I'm sorry,\" she offered. \"And Mrs. Hamilton?\" \"Lives in New York.\" \"Your current title does not suit you,\" Abby informed him. \"Mrs. Baker tells me you were a cavalryman. At what rank did you muster out?\" \"Major.\" \"Then Major Hamilton, would you be so kind as to assist us with our packages?\" William filled his arms with boxes and walked the girls back to their hotel. \"If I may,\" he said, \"Mrs. Baker tells me you and your sister are doubly afflicted.\" \"Mrs. Baker is a blessing and a curse, is she not?\" Abby lamented. \"Our mother died two years ago, in Virginia. Our father passed away more recently, in Santa Fe.\" \"And to deal with your grief, you move to Dakota Territory?\" Abby stopped in the middle of the street. \"My life is not what I wanted it to be, Major Hamilton. I was born with an extreme sun-palsy, severe enough that I dare not emerge during the day. Constance struggles against the divine sickness. But by God's grace, I will heal her.\" William shook his head. \"Not a soul on earth has solved the riddle of madness.\" \"I had a vision,\" Abby explained. \"A cure for Constance. So now I am on a quest.\" \"There is no medicine in the Black Hills.\" \"There is something better. There is gold. I will get rich. Then I will buy what Constance needs.\" \"You're too late, Miss Abigail. The Rush is over. The only people getting rich here are the Hearsts.\" Abby pursed her lips. \"Come with me,\" she concluded. \"Some night when you are able. Come watch me mine, and tell me I won't get rich.\" \"Entering another's claim is illegal, Miss Carlson.\" \"Then it's a good thing you've become a deputy, Major Hamilton.\" William dismounted and knelt beside the frozen remains of two men. In a regular winter the bodies would have been buried until spring. The snows had been light, however, enabling the deputy to examine the corpses perhaps just a few days after their deaths. The panner who had brought William to this spot, a loner named Ben Seward, spat tobacco juice and summed up the situation: \"Told ya they was dead.\" \"Ever seen them before?\" William asked. \"I seen 'em. Said I'd put buckshot in 'em they 'passed on my claim.\" He spat again. \"Maybe they shoulda. Better 'n goin' this way, I reckon.\" William couldn't argue with that. Both men seemed to have been set on by a beast of some sort. Yet none of their flesh had been consumed. And their gear was missing. \"You're sure you found nothing besides the bodies?\" William demanded. \"No sacks, no pistols?\" \"I ain't no thief,\" Ben insisted. \"If it's mine, I earned it.\" The deputy stood up, scanned the frigid valley, tried fitting the pieces. A bear stirs from hibernation and kills, then withdraws without eating its kills. Someone else happens by and relieves the dead of their worldly possessions. But why had the road agents been here in the first place? And who else would have reason to pass through such desolate country, especially in January? Ben spat. \"Lakota say the Ghost is back.\" \"The Ghost?\" \"A white child they ate when the Bison run out. She drinks their blood for payback.\" \"A female ghost?\" William asked, skeptical. \"That's what they say. Injuns.\" \"But they believe it,\" William pressed. Ben shrugged. \"Lakota say they've lost three to the Ghost last two moons. Say she's come to finish what she started. Reckon they've a mind to fight back, though.\" The deputy didn't like the sound of that. The last thing he needed was an Indian war party forming after the thaw. He tried to ask another question, but Ben cut him off. \"Way I recall, you've no love for Sioux.\" \"None whatsoever,\" William replied. \"Then let her eat 'em,\" the old man pronounced. \"The Black Hills are ours.\" William and Abby settled behind a rock outcrop two hundred yards from the retort shed. \"How do you call this mining?\" the deputy asked. \"I came west with a lot of wrong ideas,\" Abby explained. \"First I thought I could rob the stagecoach robbers hiding in their caves. But stagecoach robberies don't happen much anymore. Then I thought I'd go into the mines myself and take what I needed. The nuggets are all gone, though. There's nothing left but low-grade ore, and I can't process that any better than anyone else can.\" \"You realize you sound crazy, don't you?\" \"This building is where they burn off the mercury,\" Abby pressed, \"leaving gold behind.\" \"Which they promptly melt into 200-pound bars so no one can steal it,\" William countered. Abby stood up. \"I'm going mining,\" she said. \"Back soon.\" William turned to object, but Abby had already vanished into the dark. The deputy had a bad minute wondering what to do. Guards keeping vigil over the fresh pours probably wouldn't shoot a girl. They might not discern their target in low light, however. It was absurd. Abby must be playing some sort of game. Constance was the crazy one, after all. Abby reappeared out of the shadows and dropped a slab of madness at her feet. The bar clanged on the rocks, emitting an auro-echo of quartz, sweat, and toxic amalgamation. William jumped back as if the ingot were a serpent. Actually, it was worse than a serpent. It was the property of George Hearst. \"You weren't kidding about 200 pounds,\" Abby panted. William stared at the gold, then at Abby, then back at the gold. \"Why did you bring me here?\" he demanded. \"You smell funny,\" Abby said. \"I wanted to see if this would change how you smell.\" William glanced about, confused. Had a twelve-year-old girl really just robbed the Homestake Mine? Oughtn't he do something about that? \"I can tell when someone wants to die,\" Abby elaborated. \"No smell quite like it. I never understood why until recently. The life is in the blood.\" William stood to leave. \"Please don't go,\" the girl urged. \"It's not gold I want. It's medicine for Constance. I can steal all the gold I want. Which means I can buy all the medicine I want.\" \"Then there's nothing you need from me,\" William said. Abby shook her head. \"It took five months' experimenting to discover Hyocaimus and Primrose help Constance - a little. It took just as long to learn Somnifera and Glabra are useless. That's the problem,\" Abby said. \"Not money. Time. I can buy anything. Everything. Thousands of substances, and which one is the grail? If it takes me fifty years to find it, what difference does it make?\" \"I don't understand what this has to do with me,\" William protested. \"I need help!\" Abby pleaded. \"Don't you understand? I need someone older, smarter. I need help. You're a major. You wear the West Point ring. So you have to be smart. And you have nothing to live for. So live for Constance,\" Abby urged. \"Live for me.\" William pressed his hands to his head. Shelly begged in the same voice - scared, confused, overwhelmed. He did what he could. The Yellow Fever consumed her anyway. William buried her next to her sisters. He stared at Abby: blonde, petite, fragile, ominous. Who was this monstrous girl-child, ridden across the Plains to haunt his death-dance? A thief? A doctor? A ghost? Shelly was dead. She would never come back. Nothing Abby did would bring her back. Shelly would never come back. \"Lakota took my friend Diana,\" Abby added. \"Some say they roasted her. Some say worse.\" Finally a problem William understood. \"Salt Claw killed my brother at Little Big Horn,\" he replied. \"They say he chopped out his heart and ate it.\" \"So we've unfinished Indian business, Major. Let's finish it together. Then let's find a cure.\" William considered the gold ingot lying between them. \"That'll buy a lot of Crow scouts,\" he said. \"How many?\" the girl asked. \"Enough.\" On March 30, 1889, Major William Hamilton initiated a dusk attack against the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation. He sent his body of Crow directly into the Sioux lodges to maximize confusion, while retaining his four cowboy mercenaries on a shallow ridge to the east. These maintained a steady rate of fire into the melee. Several dwellings began burning. Bodies littered the ground. When William's men had expended their ammunition, Abby appeared on the battlefield. Pale, screaming with rage and thirst, the ghost drove all before her. William spotted the local chief at last, stood quickly, and shot him in the head with his Winchester repeater. The Sioux panicked. William left cover and strode toward the center of the fight, stopping periodically to gun down ever warrior fleeing in his direction. A bullet hit him in the left arm. He kept advancing. Another struck his left thigh. He kept advancing. Beside an intact lodge squatted the ghost, feeding from the neck of a convulsing medicine man. William settled against the wall and let her finish. She rose, grabbed a wounded Sioux by the hair, and dragged him over. Major Hamilton examined the unconscious Indian's face: Salt Claw. Abby tore the Sioux's chest open. William drew his knife, cut out his enemy's heart, pressed the organ to his lips. He tore a chunk off and swallowed: the sweetest salt he had ever tasted. Abby knelt, dipped her hand in Salt Claw's blood, and began painting William's face. The major grunted. \"I wish you were my daughter.\" Abby smiled and gathered a fresh handful of blood. \"I am your daughter,\" she said.[Chapter 7] Chapter 7 Bad Blood Abby pulled an iron from the fire and jammed the glowing metal into William's leg wound. She let the major's screams echo through the cave for a good twenty seconds, then pressed a whiskey bottle to his mouth. He gulped the liquor and passed out. Abby began inventorying. The vampire had prepositioned some canned goods in the event she and Constance needed to flee Deadwood without warning. There were no bandages, however, and no medicine. She wished she had thought ahead better, realized that Major Hamilton might get injured in the fighting. But the lack of medical supplies wasn't the real problem. William's blood still smelled foul; human science offered no tonic that could render it sweet. Abby had tried to give the trooper purpose. Apparently she had failed. William had revenged himself on his enemy. His last link to the world had been severed. How do you make someone want to live? Abby reckoned a vampire was ill-suited to discover the answer. She wished Constance were here. William could get to know her. He could develop the same pity Abby felt. But Constance waited back at the Lead Inn under the firm care of Mrs. Baker. Abby left her patient's side to check on the horse, tied up just inside the cave mouth. William's mount had proved a true Plains beast, but soon Abby would have to find it food or feed it to its rider. The animal endured the vampire's presence for several minutes. It was not sorry to see her withdraw back into the scarp's interior. How do you make someone want to live? Such evil irony: the only people Abby couldn't eat were the ones who wouldn't mind. Wolves didn't care if the person they ate was suicidal. Why did it matter to vampires? Matter it did, though. Even if Abby could force herself to swallow the reeking fluid pumping through William's veins, the substance would provide nothing of value. It took life - real life - to sustain undeath. Abby had to reawaken such a will in William. She had no idea how. The cavalryman awoke the following evening. He let Abby feed and nurse him, observing her labors as he battled his pain. \"You remind me of my daughter Shelly,\" he noted after Abby knelt to stir the fire. \"When she was younger, before her sisters died. There was always a sadness to her. She felt the world's suffering, took it to heart. But she was also focused like you. She'd have become a doctor, I think. I know that sounds strange, a woman doctor. She could've done it, though.\" \"I'm not usually like this,\" Abby said. \"The quest drives me. It's all I think about. Usually I'm...not focused. But since I saw the vision, I have such sense of purpose. A reason to live. I want you to have it, too, but I don't know how to give it to you.\" William propped himself up with his good arm, took a swig of whiskey. \"Tell me about the vision.\" \"It's hard to describe,\" Abby said, sitting herself on the shale floor. \"Edward, Constance, and I were at a camp meeting outside Atlanta. Edward and I were talking, and the singing finished. Then I saw the vision. Or really I should say that's when I must have seen it, because the next thing I remember I was sitting in a creek with my heart and mind on fire: I was going to find a cure for Constance.\" \"You blacked out?\" \"I guess so. Edward said I ate two people in the woods. I don't remember, but when my wits returned I was covered in blood, so I figured I had fed. He also said I...threw up, and that it made lots of people sick.\" \"Does it happen often, not remembering?\" \"As far as I know, it was the only time. But the vision's the important thing, Major Hamilton. I saw a vision! There's nothing like it in all the world. There has to be a medicine that makes her better. I'm going to find it. And then we're going back to Atlanta.\" \"I'm still not sure what you want from me,\" William said, shaking his head. \"I'm not a doctor.\" \"Solve my problem, that's what I want. Everything's taking too long. The quest has already gone for over a year. I had no idea it would last this long. Constance is getting older. Edward is getting older.\" The man stared at her for a bit, musing. Abby tried to imagine how his mind worked, what exactly he had that she lacked. Whatever it was, she felt confident that he would figure it out. \"An unlimited flow of money certainly helps,\" William noted, \"if you really are willing to keep stealing what you need. Time is the resource in short supply. The question, then, is how to turn money into time. \"The way I see it, what you need is more girls to experiment on. More girls who share Constance's affliction. Then you can test lots of different medicines at the same time.\" A thrill rushed through Abby. \"That's amazing!\" she declared. Then her face fell. \"But you mean having our own asylum.\" \"That's right.\" \"I broke Constance out of the asylum. There's no way I'm putting her in another one.\" \"Well, strictly speaking Constance wouldn't have to be a patient. Just everyone else.\" Abby considered this. Could they do it? If she provided the money while William actually ran the place, she supposed it might be possible. If his blood changed. Yet even this option would take time. So much time - and every day the gap between her and Edward widened. Still, it was a better idea than anything she had thought of. William was the key, of course. Only he could make such a plan work. Abby returned to her core question: How do you make someone want to live? Abby spent the following evening foraging for wood and hay. A blizzard settled over Dakota, locking man, vampire, and animal in place. Abby shifted the horse deeper into the cave, sewed a crude straw mattress, and melted snow into drinking water. William tended the fire, ate canned peaches, and told war stories. \"After that popinjay Custer got his men good and massacred, General Crook led the 5th Regiment into the hills for payback. We recaptured the 7th's guidon, so there's that. About starved in the process, though. Troop's gotta be mighty hungry to eat their own mounts. Eat 'em we did.\" The vampire frowned. She couldn't eat William or his horse. She didn't want to leave the still-recovering man by himself for an extended period of time, but if the weather stayed the same she wouldn't have a choice. \"Tell me about Mrs. Hamilton,\" Abby said. \"How did you meet?\" \"A third year ball at West Point. Army life can be hard on a woman, but she took to it well. After Louise and Rachel died, and we saw how Shelly changed, my wife said we buried some of Shelly with them. When Shelly died, I guess I buried a piece of Mrs. Hamilton, too. \"She blamed herself, you know. For moving the girls west. I wish she'd blamed me. Would've been so much better.\" He paused for a moment. \"We still write. I send her what I can. I like to think she'll come out again one day. Reckon at this point we're both stuck where we are.\" \"What about half-way?\" Abby asked. \"If we opened an asylum in St. Louis, that would mean about a thousand miles for each of you. Would she come that far west? Would you go that far east?\" William switched to whiskey and took a drink. \"How about you, Miss Carlson? What's your story?\" This took Abby aback. She did not like discussing her past. So much easier to share a memory if necessary. No need for words. But she did not want to share memories with William, and she doubted he would let her. \"My father was killed by a Cherokee raiding party,\" Abby offered. \"That's how this happened. If my father had been alive, he never would have let my uncle near me.\" \"God, I hate Indians,\" William said. He swallowed more liquor. \"I hate them, too,\" Abby said, and she started crying. \"I hate them so much.\" \"Why'd they all have to die?\" William demanded. \"Couldn't God spare just one little girl? Damn this cursed world,\" he swore. \"Damn this cursed world.\" It was like a vacation, being away from Constance. Abby felt guilty enjoying the break. Constance was just so much work. Curing her was exciting, yes. Caring for her was drudgery. And the mad girl had a gift for causing trouble. Nothing Constance was a part of could last. Would the asylum project be any different? But having additional crazy people to experiment on was such a good idea. Abby was embarrassed she hadn't thought of it herself. Yet that was William's job: to be smarter than Abby. And he was smarter! So why couldn't the man turn his intelligence inward, and make himself transfer his affections from Shelly to Abby? After dinner she pulled out her five precious letters from Edward and read them silently. \"This boy you love,\" William inquired as he watered his horse, \"how did you tell him about yourself?\" \"I didn't mean to,\" Abby explained. \"Over the months he got to know some of my peculiarities. Then one day Constance blurted the word 'vampire,' and he began putting the pieces together.\" \"And how did he take it?\" \"He was more upset at my lying than anything else. But something changed not long after, and he began to be interested in me. Or became willing to display interest. That's curious,\" Abby said, reflecting. \"When boys learn I'm a vampire, they tend to contract a rather wearying fascination with vampires. Thinking about it, though, that's not what happened with Edward. He never displayed any interest in my...condition. It was me he was interested in.\" \"Then why did you leave him?\" \"I can only stay in one place for so long. Besides, I saw the grail. I must seek it till it's mine.\" \"Then why didn't he come with you?\" This struck at the root of Abby's doubts and insecurities. She lashed out without thinking, \"Why couldn't you make Shelly want to go on living?\" William staggered, his face red with hurt and anger. \"You ever ask Constance if she wants to be healed? You're on a fool's errand. You're the one who needs a cure, you stupid child!\" The vampire vomited and ran from the cave. She took to the air at once, heading southeast toward the reservation, and settled before a Sioux lodge just as the storm system was breaking up. Abby knocked on the door. An elder opened. She pulled the Indian into the dark and gorged herself in a frenzy of thirst. A young man attempted rescue. Abby dragged him away. By the time this second body was empty, a general alarm had sounded. Dozens of Sioux hunted the ghost in the bitter cold, but their efforts were disorganized. Abby consumed three more victims. Then she wandered west for several miles and rested on a rock. What had happened? She had seen another vision of the grail, and this time Major Hamilton had been a part of it. She had tried so hard to fix his blood. Could it really be this simple? Could William have seen the grail, even as she had? Abby returned to the cave and found William outside, huddled before a fire. Abby rushed to him, concerned. \"What are you doing out here? You're not well.\" The man threw her a blanket. \"Cover up, child,\" he insisted. Abby looked down, realized her blood-soaked body was naked. Had she fed? She must have. It was like Atlanta, when she had blacked out. A dread came upon her. \"Did I get sick?\" she asked. William nodded. \"We can't go back in there,\" he said, gesturing toward the cave. \"I've got our gear. The horse bolted, though. I doubt it'll be back.\" \"I saw the grail, William! It was so beautiful. And such a blessing at this hour. God knew I needed the encouragement to continue the quest. Constance will be cured. I'm certain...\" Abby paused and drew closer to her companion. \"You smell so sweet! Is it possible? Did you see it, too?\" \"I did see it,\" William replied, smiling. \"And it was as glorious as you described. I would be honored to join you, my lady, if you will have me as your champion.\" \"Oh, William. You make my heart so glad. Of course I will have you. We will continue the quest together. And we will succeed, Sir William. We will find a cure for Constance.\" \"That's right,\" William agreed. \"A cure for Constance.\"[Chapter 8] Chapter 8 Organized Crime \"About every two weeks I make an example of someone,\" William explained to the four men playing poker with him. \"Tonight that means one of you.\" The catacomb beneath the asylum was a dank, miserable place, but it contained enough lanterns to show William what he needed to see: three prospective employees appearing suitably afraid, while the fourth, a yard worker named John, merely sneered as he presented his cards and won the round. \"I heard you speak at the YMCA last month,\" John replied, gathering his winnings. \"Pressing flesh with all those respectable citizens. Asking for donations.\" \"The asylum is just my day job,\" William said. \"Most of its funding comes from...underground operations.\" \"A man can't have two lives, not like that.\" \"Well, that's precisely the problem,\" the Major noted as he dealt a new hand. \"I need people who can keep a secret. Not an easy thing to find. Thus the need for regular reminders.\" \"You are so full of sh-,\" John retorted. William's nostrils flared, and his jaw hardened. \"You shouldn't be making this so easy for me.\" \"'Chicago Asylum for Girls.' What sort of nonsense is that, anyway? You go in their rooms at night and have your way?\" \"Look at the blood stains on the floor,\" William demanded. \"You look at me,\" John countered. \"I've won forty-two matches on the slaughterhouse floor. Know what that means?\" \"That you've no reason to be afraid of the dark,\" William concluded, standing up and extinguishing all the lights save one. He took the final lantern in hand, ushered the other three men into a corridor. \"Last for five minutes, John, and I'll give you a job.\" Major Hamilton did not give the fool time to respond, but closed and bolted the door. His new hires glanced at him apprehensively, but he put a finger to his lips and whispered: \"Listen.\" Within two minutes John was banging on the door, begging to be let out. A guttural screaming commenced, cut off by a slickened crunch. The men waiting with William gazed at each other, eyes bulging. The Major unlocked the door and pushed it open, revealing the remains of the one who had dared accuse him of impropriety toward his female charges. \"Your first task,\" William ordered, gesturing at the mess. \"Clean it up.\" William led Abby into the Palmer House lounge the evening of June 20, 1891. The day had been warm, and the smell coming off the canals was not entirely pleasant. But two years ago this date William had established the Chicago Asylum for Girls. It was time to celebrate. The senior waiter approached and bowed. \"Major Hamilton,\" he began, \"a pleasure, as always. And your guest?\" \"Allow me to introduce my daughter,\" William replied. \"Miss Abigail Hamilton.\" The servant bowed again. \"Delighted to make your acquaintance, Miss Hamilton. The Major speaks very highly of you.\" He seated father and daughter in a quiet corner and withdrew. \"What do I order?\" Abby asked. \"James has been instructed to serve you, and then say nothing about your not eating what he serves.\" Abby scanned the room's decor. \"Can we afford this?\" she asked. \"I get more donations if I mingle with the rich.\" \"It reminds me of Kimble House. Grander, though.\" \"The first one burned down,\" William noted. \"So did the first Kimble House.\" Wine was served, and William began drinking. \"Where were you during the Fire?\" Abby frowned. \"When was that?\" \"Six years after the war.\" \"I don't know. A coal mine, maybe. Or hunting Indians. I can't keep it all straight.\" The waiter brought oysters. \"I wanted to suggest a change in our business arrangements,\" William said. \"I have enough men working for me now. I'd like you to consider no longer being involved in active procurement.\" \"I like helping run the business.\" \"I realize that. But if you think about it, running the business actually means telling other people to steal, doesn't it?\" Abby looked away. \"What would I...do?\" \"I could arrange lessons, for one thing. Maybe you could learn piano. And you could spend more time with Constance.\" This was a sore point, as Abby had been visiting Constance less frequently since the autumn. \"Her mood's improved the past month,\" Abby countered. \"Yes, because I've been letting her spend time in the common area.\" The vampire's mouth fell open. Her eyes registered hurt and betrayal. \"How could you do that, William? We agreed to keep her separate. She's not a patient.\" \"She does better when she's not alone. You know that, Abby. Who else is she supposed to spend time with? It's not like we can take her out in public anymore.\" Abby shook her head. \"You promised me. Her room is in the asylum, but she is not. That's what you said.\" \"But she can't stay in her room all the time. She's a social person. She needs friends.\" \"I'm her friend.\" \"It's OK you can't spend every moment with her,\" William offered, unsuccessfully attempting to squeeze Abby's hand. \"Constance needs more than one friend.\" \"I don't.\" The Major sighed and began sipping his soup. God kills healthy daughters, replaces them with sick ones. Tending an insane girl with an undead girl was an insane task, and William's wife refused to move to Chicago. The former trooper felt he could get a handle on the problem, if only Mrs. Hamilton would come out and advise him in person. But some wounds never healed. \"I like the tunnels,\" Abby said. \"I'm not saying stop spending time down there. I'm saying let others take some of the risks. Help me plan operations. Keep serving as our enforcer. Let my men be the ones who get shot at.\" \"I like getting shot at.\" \"Yes. Which is rather disturbing, if you think about it.\" William leaned across the table. \"Whose idea was it to only rob criminals?\" \"Yours.\" \"That's right. Try to remember back to those conversations. You disagreed, didn't you?\" Abby nodded. \"But I knew what was best.\" \"I didn't think...we'd be here so long.\" \"When did you leave Atlanta? Do you remember the date?\" \"It was the autumn. Autumn of 1887.\" \"That's almost four years ago. Would you ever have taken up the quest had you realized it would last so long?\" Abby's face took on the empty, distant expression that always broke William's heart when he saw it. He hated himself for making Abby feel her despair, but there was no choice. Not if they hoped to achieve their goals. \"We could accept more girls,\" Abby pleaded. The Major shook his head. \"We're at 83 patients. That already effectively puts us over capacity.\" \"Then we open asylums in other cities. St. Louis. Cincinnati.\" \"It's not working, Abby. It's just not working.\" \"We've found seven compounds that help,\" the vampire protested. \"Yes,\" William granted. \"But define 'help.' Constance responds a little bit, for a little while. Her overall progress is still downward. Just think about the trip you made to Deadwood. Could you possibly travel like that today? Just the two of you, across open terrain? She'd be dead in a day and you know it - unless you chained her down while you slept.\" \"We don't put chains on her.\" \"We lock her in her room, keep her under constant supervision, and drug her like mad. How is that really different?\" Abby began crying. \"I saw the grail, Sir William. I saw the grail.\" William tried again to take Abby's hand, and this time she let him. \"I saw it, too, my lady. I know a cure exists. I'm certain of it. But perhaps we've been making some unwarranted assumptions. Maybe the cure isn't a chemical or a compound. Maybe it's something a doctor would never think of.\" Abby yanked her hand away. \"No way. There's no way I would ever bite Constance. I wouldn't even do that to an Indian.\" \"Sorry,\" William clarified, \"that's not what I meant.\" His steak arrived. He ignored it. \"What I'm trying to say is that if medicine can't cure Constance, perhaps a spell can.\" \"I don't understand.\" \"If there's no natural solution, maybe there's a supernatural one. Not a tonic. A potion.\" \"There's no such thing as magic.\" William smiled. \"Begging your pardon, my lady, but you're living proof to the contrary. Consider the details of your condition. You live forever without aging. You can only drink live human blood. You have wings that appear and disappear instantaneously. Sunlight burns you. You can transfer your memories into the minds of others. You have to be invited into a private dwelling or you start bleeding uncontrollably. You possess inhuman strength. And you can create others like you by biting them. No natural malady could produce such symptoms, my lady. Your condition is supernatural. Magic. Quite dark magic, I dare say.\" \"What does this have to do with Constance?\" \"Because if any one supernatural thing actually exists in the universe, other supernatural things might exist as well. You render the world of ghouls and warlocks plausible, Abby. And if the world of science cannot help Constance, perhaps it is time to look to your world.\" \"What world? You think because I fly I have wizard friends? I know nothing of my 'world' except that it was forced upon me against my will.\" \"Peace, my lady. It is only your oppressive urgency that drives me to such unorthodox suggestions. Please know I will gladly spend the remainder of my days plaguing the crime families of Chicago and experimenting upon hapless children.\" \"No,\" Abby replied, hesitant. \"You're right. We have to find a cure as fast as possible.\" \"Because of Edward.\" \"Because of Edward,\" Abby sighed. \"It's been seven months since you heard from him last,\" William observed, pulling an envelope from his coat pocket, \"so I took the liberty of writing him myself.\" He did not add that he had also contacted Hugh Inman, a man whose response had actually proven much more interesting than that of his son. \"Here is Edward's reply,\" William said, handing the letter over. He watched as Abby read and reread Edward's words. \"Harvard,\" she finally said. \"You know it?\" \"Of course I know it. It's older than I am.\" \"The question is why Edward's father would send him to the North for college. It has to be so he can expand his father's business into new territories.\" \"And so he can find a Northern wife,\" Abby added, her voice bitter. \"Yes, and that, of course. Edward will encounter a sort of sophisticated, well-connected urban girl never yet produced by the state of Georgia. I'd say you've got two years max before he gets engaged.\" \"We have to do something, William. There has to be a way to speed things up.\" And what if we cured Constance tomorrow? William asked silently. Do you really think you can just sweep into Cambridge and win Edward to your side? Crazy Constance. Sane Constance. Solve the Constance problem and what difference would it make, except to create even more competition for Abby? The core axiom would endure: Princes don't marry vampires. At dawn William entered Constance's room. He carried a bottle of wine, a hypodermic needle, and a vial of cocaine. Popping the cork was enough to wake the poor girl. She was surprised at first, but recovered quickly when William offered her the bottle. The Major let her drink half of it, then injected the stimulant into her left arm. It had been over two years since Constance had last been given cocaine, but William knew something about drug tolerance. The long break might enable the tonic to exert its old influence, at least to some extent, thereby granting Constance a modicum of sanity. William realized that if the cocaine worked, this trial might be his first and last time meeting the real Constance. He intended to make the most of it. \"Good morning, Constance,\" he began. \"Good morning, Major Hamilton.\" A promising reply. It had been a year since the girl had lost the ability to exchange pleasantries. \"I need to ask you about your last night in Atlanta,\" he said. \"The night Abby got sick and you had to leave.\" \"I did not come to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance.\" \"Yes,\" William agreed, \"the revival meeting. I need to know what made Abby sick. Can you remember, Constance?\" The girl gave him a sharp look. \"I could tell you, but you already know the answer, don't you?\" \"Someone mentioned how she needed to be cured. You, I'm guessing.\" Constance grabbed the cavalryman's arm and tugged. \"Come on, Abby. Come on! They'll cast the devil out of you.\" \"She can talk about finding a cure for you,\" William concluded. \"But not for herself.\" \"No,\" the mad girl sighed. \"The monster won't let her.\" \"But she wants to be cured. Really, she does. She projects her desire onto you, but it's really a cure for herself she's seeking.\" Constance leapt out of bed and began dancing around William. \"My dear Major, you're an absolute genius!\" \"Her confidence in finding a cure for you,\" he pressed, \"does that mean she really thinks there's a cure for vampires?\" \"Certainly it shows how badly she wants it. What else besides a cure could she possibly be hoping for?\" \"But she's losing hope. I can see it in how she spends more and more time in the tunnels, less and less time with us.\" \"You are a genius!\" Constance gave him a peck on the cheek, stripped off her nightgown, and began bouncing on the bed. The sudden transition to nudity would have complicated matters for most men. Major Hamilton, however, had nursed three frontier daughters through terminal illnesses. He stayed focused. \"I've concluded Abby's condition is supernatural in nature,\" William said. \"So if there is a cure, it will almost certainly have to be supernatural as well. Not that that really gets us anywhere.\" Constance stopped bouncing, grabbed William's hand, pressed it to her face. \"Her uncle shared a memory with her. After he bit her. Abby doesn't really think about it. It's like a dream she can never quite remember. That dream can take you into her world, if you let it. You may not like what you find.\" \"This dream could enable me to contact...other vampires? It could help me find a cure?\" Constance giggled and went back to jumping on her mattress. \"She's shared a thousand memories with me. I think I know the maze of her mind better than she does. The monster won't let her recall what her uncle shared. I reckon that means something.\" \"Do you talk to the monster? Do you know what it wants?\" \"It wants to eat us. That is all.\" It had never occurred to William that Abby might actually know how to contact others of her kind, or that Constance could have gained access to such priceless knowledge. But did it matter? It did not mean that a cure actually existed, or that William would have any means of acquiring it. Nevertheless, a new course of action opened in the Major's mind. He would use whatever information Constance possessed to send out ambassadors, messengers, mercenaries. They would make contact with that other world, the vampire world. Somehow William would compel these creatures to teach him how to heal his daughter. \"Abby can't know,\" William said. \"She can't ever know.\" \"Of course not,\" Constance replied. \"She must think she is trying to find a cure for me. To the very end, it must always be about me, or the monster will get its wish.\" The Major pursed his lips. \"We have to convince her that a natural remedy for madness is impossible, that she must seek a supernatural option instead.\" \"She's closer to that conclusion than you realize,\" Constance said. \"Edward's departure for college has pushed her to the edge. One more nudge, and she'll abandon this entire asylum idea for the folly it is.\" \"What would you suggest?\" \"This is Chicago, my dear Major. Perhaps you should implement a Chicago solution.\"[Chapter 9] Chapter 9 Tunnel Rat Onto an upwind rooftop settled Abby – pale, clutching, she-gargoyle of she-gargoyles – as flames blew out the asylum's windows like kernels of popcorn. Firemen pushed the crowd farther from the burning structure, granting the vampire a clear look at the patients chained to every nearby tree and lamppost. She could see Constance dancing as though the edifice had been set ablaze for her personal benefit. There seemed to be no wailing or panic amongst the populace. Likely that meant every girl had been rescued. But to what end? It had taken two years to get the asylum up and running. Even now it collapsed in ruin - and losing the facility was bad enough. What about the apothecary's store of precious herbs and tonics, drawn together so painstakingly from noisome, extortive climes? What about the research notes? Abby gazed skyward as a plume of sparks boiled into the night. If only she could behold another vision of the grail. The Chicago Fire Department cared nothing for this desire, however. It subdued the glowing hulk, reducing its embers to mud. So much work. For what? For what? Surely Edward was ensconced at Harvard by now. Constance got worse, not better. The thought of once again taking the insane girl on the road overwhelmed Abby. She was so tired. Constance was impossible. Nothing but memory-sharing worked anymore. And how much longer could Abby stray and strew the echoes of her drained repasts before going mad herself? The vampire gloated over the chains binding her sister to a maple. Delicious bonds. Shackles of peace. This was Constance's proper state: fixed to an immovable object, free to rattle at futility, oblivious. Abby realized what she was thinking. She struck her legs in fury and took to the air, then landed eight blocks away and disappeared into a culvert. She tore through her tunnels, strangling rats, punching walls – screaming, weeping, despairing. How could she wish Constance imprisoned? Better dead than in prison. Abby would see Constance hanged before she saw her trapped. How then could the vampire have considered it, even for a moment? She was the most evil sister the world had ever seen. She was faithless and accursed. She was nothing. Three nights later Abby emerged into the main catacomb, bloated and filthy. She found William present, no one else. \"Where is Constance?\" she demanded. The Major waved at the walls. \"I gave her the run of the tunnels,\" he said. \"I can't trust my men to watch her when I sleep. The staff have dispersed. Her medicines are lost. The only alternative,\" he added, lifting a set of chains from an oak table, \"is this.\" \"Not the only alternative,\" Abby replied, moving further into the chamber. \"You were right. We try the dark world. But I do not know the way.\" \"We send our agents to the four corners of the earth. They find what we need.\" The vampire still found this unrealistic. \"No one could find me.\" \"Are you sure?\" William pondered. \"If a detective knew what he was looking for, is your pattern really that hard to discern? In any event, it was you who were right all along, Abby. Money is the key. With sufficient funds the Pinkertons can do it. It will take real money, though.\" \"Finally,\" Abby said, smiling. \"Something for me to do.\" William sat on the table, uncorked a bottle of whiskey, and took a swig. \"Cold down here,\" he muttered. \"Way I see it, for fast money you've got three options. First is you turn a super-millionaire in exchange for a big payoff. Jay Gould, maybe. Railroad guy. They say he's got consumption.\" Abby's eyes went big. \"Never,\" she said. \"I would never do that.\" \"Didn't think so. Just thought I'd get it out of the way. Second option is you burglar First National. Probably take you less than a month to dig under the vault and take what you want. The plus side is a huge, huge haul. The down side is First National operates under a federal charter. You rob it and you're looking at Secret Service agents swarming all over the case. That might make it difficult for us to actually use the money you steal.\" The vampire frowned. \"Third option is you rob The Store.\" Abby shook her head. \"King Mike's more dangerous than the police.\" \"True. But he wouldn't publicize the theft. He'd come after us his own way. Quiet. Indirect. He'd take his time.\" \"What if his goons start crawling through my tunnels?\" The Major shrugged. \"A girl's gotta eat.\" Michael Cassius McDonald had built Chicago's first criminal empire, lost it all to the Fire, then promptly constructed an even grander organization on top the city's ashes. The center of McDonald's kingdom was The Store, the illegal house of gambling that serviced Chicago's leading judges and politicians. The Store contained money. Lots of money. Abby circled the brick building for hours, observing the flow of customers in and out of its impressive oak doors. Apparently the first floor held only a cigar shop and a saloon. Ironically this meant the First National Bank of Chicago would have been easier to burglar: at least its vault sat in direct contact with the ground. From what Abby had been told, the gambling parlor occupied the second floor. Likely the safe would be found on that level. The third story contained a hotel for out-of-town visitors. That sounded promising, but they'd never let Abby stay there as a guest. The top floor housed McDonald's wife and two children. As long as King Mike didn't keep the loot stashed in his private quarters, Abby had a chance. She could enter the other floors uninvited. Just not the fourth floor. The vampire imagined befriending McDonald's kids, getting them to bring her home. Such a project could take months, however – and no guarantee of success. Abby needed cash now. At 2:30 she flew to a third story window behind the building, broke into a hallway, and began wandering the hotel halls. Every few minutes she pressed an ear to the floor and listened to the gamblers below. It was a busy night. The safe would be in a separate office, apart from the tables. It would probably be in an interior section, far from windows. When Abby had made her best guess, she dug a hole in the floor and dropped into the treasure room. There were no lights on, which suited Abby fine. She made certain the door was locked, broke every bulb save one, and turned her attention to the safe. The impressive block of cast iron had to weigh a thousand pounds; Abby would never be able to move it. She tried to wrench the latch. Nothing. There couldn't be many men in The Store who knew the combination. McDonald, certainly. One or two others. Someone would eventually enter to make a cash drop, and Abby felt confident she could convince that gentleman to cooperate. The trick was making it happen before dawn. At 4:30 AM William's henchmen breached The Store, firebombed its wine shop, and galloped into the night. Abby listened to the growing panic as gamblers poured outside. She shifted to vampiric form, unfurled her wings, and crouched in the shadows. A key turned in the lock. Michael McDonald himself rushed inside and switched on the desk light. Unfortunately another person followed, so Abby couldn't wait. She slammed the door shut and ripped the second man's head off. McDonald fell, then backed against a wall and tried to pull a revolver. Abby, teeth dripping blood, screamed in feral rage and knocked the gun away. \"Open the safe,\" she demanded, voice thick, low, guttural. \"Open it!\" She lifted The Store's owner from the floor, carried him to the safe, and dropped him in front of it. McDonald's hands were shaking. He got the combination on the third try. Men shouted in the hall. Abby slammed King Mike into the floor, knocking him senseless. Then she removed a rucksack from her waist and filled it with gold and cash. Tying the bag around her stomach, she flew back up into the hotel hallway, exited through the same window she had entered, and disappeared into the early morning sky. The best thing about sewers was that everything in them was alive. Abby knew the living would disagree, but her lifeless nose never lied. Slime produced bubbles. Bubbles proclaimed life. Microscopic life, perhaps, but life all the same – and the only creatures strong enough to mask the smell of Abby's undead flesh when she was hungry. That was the irony of Abby-odor. Perfume didn't work. Only rot. The vampire splashed through her tunnels, hunting rats and tearing them open, using their entrails to write on the walls. She built little dams and swam in the fecund pools. She screamed and shook her head and scratched her arms. She rebounded off the stone and brick until her own blood ran in rills past her knees, adding its questionable nutrients to the muck below. Why did she care so much about healing Constance? It was impossible. An impossible task. Their agents had departed sixty-five days ago. Since then, what? A hint from Paris, a whisper from Boston. Nothing substantial. Abby paid strangers to seek the grail, while she communed with the under-filth of Chicago. Constance couldn't be healed. Constance would never be healed. Abby tried to remember those precious days in Camelot, sitting at Edward's side as Constance regaled her admirers with literary erudition. Surely that had been the vision, the dream in which people treated Abby like a person. How could she go back? How could she ever go back? Edward had been seventeen. Now he was twenty-one. Abby would be a child in his eyes, even if she left for Cambridge this very week and met him at the train station. And what about him? Wouldn't he look old, stiff, repulsive? What could she possibly be hoping for? A kiss. Just one kiss. Surely he could still give her that. But perhaps he couldn't. Just a brotherly peck on the cheek mustered for her sad, little-girl form. An object of pity, like Constance had been. But Edward had kissed Abby for real. For real . She had never felt anything like it, had never understood why girls wanted to be kissed. She understood it now. Finally, finally she understood. It was so unfair. The undead girl had her own sewer, though! Dark. Silent. Safe. Abby rolled in a puddle and dreamed of a vision. Why couldn't she remember what the grail actually looked like? Except wasn't that the point? A vision meant seeing without seeing. She was on a quest to see it for real. But she ought to be able to remember something. How can you believe in beauty if you have never seen it? She believed in beauty. The grail was beautiful. But had she really seen it? The riverboat pressed itself on Abby's mind. Shakespeare sounded beautiful. Abby pushed the poems away. Memories meant sharing with Constance. Memories meant melding with the mindless. Memories meant going insane. The vampire began crawling toward a cracked intake pipe that spilled fresh lake water into the sewer system. Abby had stationed soap at this location, mostly for William's benefit. Under a frigid, indifferent stream of Lake Michigan the undead girl showered. Then she began tiptoeing toward the catacomb, still supporting the ruins of the Chicago Asylum for Girls. ","Summary":" Part 1: Camelot Prologue: Constance Abby walked toward a farmhouse that seemed empty and dead compa"},{"Movie":"Lords of Dogtown","Title":"Everything Means Nothing","Author":"O.G. Knights","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7743780","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: Tony Alva, Stacy Peralta, Jay Adams, Skip Engblom and other people I forgot are all real peoples and I give them full credit for themselves. Author's Note: Okay! Where do I start? Um, I've only written one other story and I'll do my best for this one. I will also warn you that some of my chapters are a little short… It happens, but usually the chapter after that is even better. Chapters are short because I'm saving some of the plot for other chapters. XxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXx Everything Means Nothing Chapter One Venice \"Dogtown\", California; March, 1975; 5:30 A.M. \"Psst! Heat! Heat!\" A familiar voice interrupted my sleep. Then the voice whispered a bit more loudly, \"Heather Shepherd!\" I groaned and put a pillow over my face. \"Ugh…\" I heard a bit of rattling and footsteps. Then someone began to shake me. \"Come on. Get up, Heat. The waves are good this morning!\" Without opening my eyes, I finally recognized the voice. I raised my eyebrows and removed the pillow rom my face. \"What time is it, Stace?\" \"Five thirty,\" he answered. \"What time are we surfing?\" \"Six.\" \"Can I skip one morning?\" I opened my eyes and sat up, looking up at Stacy's face. His long, dirty blonde hair framed it, casting a shadow over it. The faint glow of the rising sun gave his hair a golden glow. \"No, no, no,\" Stacy answered. \"Come on. You don't wanna miss this one! Besides Jay is already outside.\" \"Who's going?\" \"We're gonna grab T.A. on the way, but Chino and Skip are already down at the pier.\" I sighed. \"Alright… Give me a minute.\" \"Jay and I will be outside,\" Stacy said. He ran across my bed and then climbed back out the window. I changed into some jeans and a red tank top. Then I slipped on my plain, black converse, grabbing my surfboard. I slung a small bag with my wetsuit in it over my shoulder. I walked over to the window. I whistled. \"Jay! Jay-boy!\" Jay turned his head from the conversation he was having with Stacy. \"What's up, Heat?\" \"Catch,\" I whispered loudly. I lowered the board down and Jay took it in his hands. I saw Stacy on his bike with his surfboard. \"Hurry up!\" Jay whispered. \"Don't rush me,\" I said back. I climbed down the side of the house and grabbed my skateboard, then took my surfboard from Jay. \"Let's go.\" I put my skateboard on the ground and pushed off, skating down the street. When we reached Tony's house the three of us ran over to the window of his bedroom. We pried it open and I climbed inside. Jay and Stacy came behind me. We gathered around his bed. \"Okay…\" Jay said, grinning a bit. \"Dude, dude. T.A…. Tony.\" I shook Tony and he opened his eyes. \"What the hell, guys?\" he asked, groggily. \"Skip and Chino are at the pier. Nice waves today. We better hurry,\" I explained. Tony groaned tiredly and got up. He still wore jeans, but he grabbed a t-shirt and slipped it on. He took his surfboard from the corner of his room and the four of us climbed out Tony's window. Once again, we were racing down the streets, surfboards in hand, on our skateboards. When we came to a steep hill we stopped and exchanged glances, seeming to say something. Before the rest of us could react, Tony sped down the hill and we all raced after him. \"Damn, Tony!\" I yelled after him. Tony was a really good skateboarder, and we all slightly envied him. The only one who could compete with him was Jay. Then, gravity took hold and I just beat Tony at the bottom of the hill. \"Suck it, Alva,\" I teased. \"Man, Heat brought on the heat!\" Stacy said, taunting Tony. Stacy used the nickname they had given to me. My real name was Heather Shepherds, but they called me Heat and occasionally Heath. Tony scowled at them a bit. \"Shut up…\" OoOoOoOoOoOoO When we reached the pier, Skip was out in the water with the other \"adults\", surfing. And, man, was Skip good! The waves this morning were pretty big and rough, but Skip was an expert surfer, so it was nothing for him. \"It's big today,\" Stacy said, watching them and the waves. \"That's Skip charging,\" Jay said, pointing at Skip in the water. Right then and there, Skip took on some small, but rough waves. \"Shit, dude,\" Jay said with a slight, amused laugh. \"It's judgment day boys,\" Tony announced. He had a determined look in his eye as he stared at the water. Suddenly, Chino grabbed Tony's arm. \"You broads aren't surfing now.\" \"I ain't surfing no sloppy second!\" Tony argued. \"You're on rat patrol, mop-top!\" Chino said back. He looked at me. \"You should be at the boneyards.\" I groaned and walked to where I should. About 15 Minutes Later… Jay, Tony, Stacy and I watched as Skip walked onto the boards underneath the pier, finished surfing. We had gotten into our wetsuits ready to take our turn. \"Get out there and surf, you little grommets!\" Skip said, his words slurring together. He shove dme towards the water a bit. He always sounded like that, as he was a drunk. \"And don't disappoint me!\" \"Yes!\" Stacy said excitedly. He grabbed his board and rushed into the water. I followed him and Tony and Jay behind me. Stacy and I paddled on our boards beside each other, racing for a massive wave that was coming. \"This is mine, Peralta,\" I said and stood up on my board taking it. I balanced my wait and shifted it to turn and do a few minor trick turns. The wave was practically over me and I leaned forward on the board to rush out of it. When I did, I heard hollers and surprised yells from Tony, Skip and the other guys. I smiled. I usually wasn't very good at surfing, but today was pretty good. I paddled for another wave as Tony took the next one. He was probably the best surfer out of us four. \"Whoo!\" I yelled. I sat on my board in some calm water, clapping. \"Yeah, Tony!\" Tony looked over and smiled, still going. I looked over, seeing Skip watching him intensely. Stacy took the next wave. Then Jay tried to beat me for the one after that, but I beat him again. Just as I stood up, water came crashing down on me and I hit my shoulder on one of the jutting rocks at the boneyards. \"Shit!\" I said. Water came down again, pushing me under. When I surfaced, I took a big gulp of air and saw my board floating in the water next to me. Luckily, it was fine- just a few scratches. I grabbed it and climbed on paddling back to the shore. Skip whistled to get my attention and it worked. \"Yeah, back to the boneyards for you, girlie!\" he yelled at me. Chino and the others laughed at me, along with Skip. I scowled, angry with myself. How could I not see that coming? Jay and Stacy were surfing the same wave together and doing well, until Jay lost his footing. Stacy stayed but soon the same thing happened and they came to the shore next to me. \"Hey, great job guys,\" I congratulated flatly. \"Come on, Heather!\" Jay said, using my real name. \"You did good!\" \"I can't surf shit, man,\" I retorted. \"Did you even see that wipeout?\" Tony looked at me and rubbed the back of his neck. He was going to say something, but decided not to. \"It was still good,\" Stacy said, with an unsure tone to his voice. \"Yeah, whatever…\" I looked at Skip and he seemed to stare past me with that far-away look he always had in his eyes. Then I could feel him looking at me, saying \"better luck next time\". I sighed and picked my board up off the ground, walking back up to wear my skateboard was with Stacy, Jay and Tony. XxXxXxXxXxXxXx Author's Note: What do you think? Please read and review, I'd like to know if there's anything I can improve on… Now, I hope you liked my approach to the surfing and skating part of my character. Usually I see the girl characters in fan-fictions for this movie having amazing talent in surfing and skating from the start. I decided for Heather to be…well, not very good, but still pretty good. This way, it's a bit less cliché.[Chapter 2] Chapter Two Venice \"Dogtown\", California; March, 1975; 4:00 P.M. I kicked my skateboard up as I got into the Zephyr surf shop. I saw Sid with a broom and Skip and Chino messing with him, yelling. \"Sid!\" Chino yelled as Skip hit a hammer on the counter. I saw Sid fall to the floor. Chino cracked up. \"That- That was good,\" Sid said, not meaning it at all. I walked in with my board in my hands. \"What's up, Baby Sid?\" I patted his shoulder and said, \"Hey Skip.\" Skip gave me a glace and flashed a meaningless smile, but then looked back to Sid. \"Oh, man, I'm sorry, Sid.\" Sid looked at me with a look that said \"aren't you going to do anything?\" I shrugged at him, raising my eyebrows a bit. \"Hey, why do I pay you, when I should have you arrested for loitering ?\" Skip said. \"But you don't pay me,\" Sid retorted, a small smile on his face. \"Well, now you know why, Sid.\" Sid rolled his eyes and I walked over to the counter, standing in front of Skip. He mixed orange juice and whiskey together. \"What do you need, girlie?\" Skip said. He didn't look up at me. And he always called me 'girlie'. Never Heat, Heath, not even Heather! \"New board,\" I answered simply. \"My brother took mine out today and wrecked it.\" Skip looked up at me, his messy, golden-blonde hair falling around his face. He chuckled. \"You got 20 bucks?\" \"Damn it, Skip,\" I muttered. I pulled a twenty dollar bill out of my back pocket and put it on the counter. \"You happy?\" Skip took it and shoved it in his pocket. \"Very.\" Soon, an older man shoved me out of the way holding a brown, paper bag. Skip didn't look at him, at first, only at the man in the back of the store. \"Uh, yeah. Hi,\" he said, waving. The man looked up and returned the greeting. \"Yeah… This isn't a library,\" Skip explained. \"So…it's ten bucks to browse. You got ten bucks?\" \"Didn't bring any money with me today…\" the man said rather timidly. \"Yeah, well, why'd you come into my store, then, asshole?\" Skip said. He didn't sound real angry- just annoyed. \"Go browse in the Valley, kook!\" Chino said as the man walked out of Zephyr. Skip watched, and then turned to the man who had pushed me out of the way. \"Okay, so, what? You got cash, or…? What?\" he muttered to the man. He passed glance to me that said \"go away\". I rolled my eyes and walked over to Sid, but still tried to listen to them. \"Man, I got something better than cash,\" the man said. He put the brown bag on the counter and poured out four golden-yellow skateboard wheels. \"These are urethane skateboard wheels.\" Skip picked up two, studying them and Sid rushed over grabbing the other two. \"They're ure-what?\" Skip chuckled harshly with a smile on his face. \"Urethane, man. It comes from oil,\" the man explained. \"From oil?\" Skip questioned. \"Yep. With these, you can do the same hard turns you do on your surfboard.\" \"Yeah?\" \"Yep. You can even climb walls, man, because they grip,\" the man said, smiling. \"They grip?\" Skip said. Sid echoed him. \"They grip,\" he repeated. \"Shit…\" Sid whispered, amazed. Then Tony, Jay and Stacy came in the store. \"Sid, Heat! You should've seen us man!\" \"Check it out!\" I said, tossing a wheel to Stacy. \"They're urethane. They come from oil,\" Sid said. Then he added quickly, \"And they grip!\" Tony took the other wheel from Sid. \"Wow…\" Stacy said in amazement, looking at it. 15 Minutes Later… We all climbed the fence to the skate-park. Skip was already there, standing on a table holding a skateboard with the new wheels. \"Who's got bad karma?\" he asked loudly. \"I said, who's got bad karma?\" There were many \"me\"s and \"I do\"s, but Skip held the board higher in the air when people tried to grab it. \"Dude, right here, Skip!\" someone yelled. \"Oh, no, no! Uh-uh-uh!\" Skip said. He sounded almost like a kid as he kept it out of the reach of everyone. \"That's my board. Give me that!\" Tony said, reaching for it. But before he could grab it, I pushed him aside ripping it from Skip's grip. \"Next time, T.A.,\" I teased. I took it and stepped on it, pushing off the ground, starting to skateboard, doing some S turns. When I stopped, Skip gave a holler of praise and said, \"Nice job, man! Nice job.\" I stepped off the skateboard and Tony grabbed it from me, quickly getting on. He did some low 360s and we all cheered. \"Nice, Tony!\" Jay took the board next, obviously trying to show off to Kathy- Tony's sister- who'd just arrived. \"Yeah, Jay-boy!\" I yelled. After Jay messed up and fell, Stacy grabbed the board and walked up next to the fence, starting from there. Soon enough we were all skating. To tease me, Tony skated circles around me, smirking. \"Cut it out, Alva,\" I said, annoyed. He shook his head and skated away from me. I rolled my eyes and skated around doing some low 360s and then a 180 Power Slide . We all heard a loud whistle from Skip with Chino, Montoya and Stecyk sitting by him. Most of us turned to look at him, but he only pointed at me. \"Heat!\" he called, using my nickname. He waved a hand telling me to come over to him. My eyes widened and I looked at him. I pointed my index finger at myself, asking him if he meant me. \"Yes, you,\" Skip said. \"C'mere!\" I swallowed and walked over to him, with my board in my hand. \"Yeah, Skip?\" \"Where'd you learn to skate like that?\" he asked. \"Stacy's been giving me tips-\" Skip then interrupted me. \"Peralta?\" he said, not believing me. \"Well, T.A. and Jay helped too,\" I added. He nodded. I knew he wasn't too fond of Stacy, because he wasn't as good as the rest of us. \"Why?\" I asked. \"You were shit on the waves this morning.\" Skip shrugged. \"Thanks…\" I muttered sarcastically. I turned and stepped on my skateboard, skating down the slope of the skate-park, joining everyone else. \"Hey! Heather!\" Jay called over to me. I skated over to him. \"Yep?\" \"What'd Skip say?\" \"He wanted to know where I learned to skate,\" I answered truthfully. Jay nodded. \"What'd you say?\" \"That you, Tony and Stace gave me some tips.\" He nodded again and then skated away. I turned around on my skateboard and saw Stacy leaving on his bike, looking back at Skip with a look of annoyance on his face. \"Yeah, get a haircut, man!\" Skip yelled after him. Suddenly Sid rushed over to me and Tony came over. \"Heather! Tony!\" Sid said excitedly. \"Dude. Skip's starting a skate team!\" I chuckled. \"You're kidding.\" \"No. Skip said so,\" Sid said. He looked at Tony and Tony just nodded. \"Skip would,\" he said. I nodded. \"What else?\" \"Nothing. I didn't hear anything else,\" Sid said. I shrugged. \"Well, see if you figure anything else out. Now, I gotta go before my parents kill me.\" Tony said bye and so did Sid when I began to skate away and back to my house. I was supposed to be baby-sitting my younger brother and sister tonight. When I got home, I walked inside and my mom gave me a stern look from the couch. \"Where have you been, young lady?\" \"At the skate-park with Skip and everyone,\" I answered. \"You were supposed to be home sooner!\" \"Jeez, I'm sorry. I lost track of time.\" My dad walked out from the kitchen. He and my mom were going out of town for the night. \"Hey, squirt,\" he greeted. \"Hi, dad,\" I said with a smile. \"Hey, dad. Skip's putting together a skateboard team?\" \"You sure?\" He didn't seem to believe me. \"Yeah dad. Sid heard Skip say so himself.\" \"Well, if money's involved, Skip's there,\" my dad chuckled. He ruffled my hair as he passed by me. \"'Kay. See you three tomorrow night.\" I nodded. \"Bye dad! By mom!\" My brother and sister looked at me. My brother was 13 and my sister was 10. I was 16, myself. \"Okay… Patrick, take care of Julia. I'm going over to Stacy's.\" Patrick nodded. He didn't really care. Besides, Julia knew how to take care of herself. I walked out of the house with the skateboard. I stepped on it and skated down the street towards Stacy's house. OoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOo When I got there, Stacy was outside on his skateboard practicing. He did some turns and then he groaned a bit. \"Hey, Stace,\" I said. Stacy turned and smiled a bit. \"What's up, Heather?\" \"Nothing,\" I said with a shrug. I stepped off the skateboard and walked over to him. \"Hey. Why were you so angry when you left the skate-park earlier?\" \"Skip,\" he said quickly. I nodded. I didn't want to ask him what happened. \"Did you hear Skip's putting a skate team together?\" \"Yeah. Jay and Sid told me,\" Stacy said. \"Who d'you think Skip's gonna put on?\" \"Let's just hope everyone.\" I nodded. \"Yeah…\" I stayed there talking and skating with him for about an hour before going back home to find Patrick and Julia in their rooms sleeping. I sighed and walked up to my room, falling asleep myself. XxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXx Author's Note: How was Chapter Two? Better than the first, I hope… Please read and review![Chapter 3] Chapter Three Venice \"Dogtown\", California; March, 1975 \"Hurry up, man!\" Jay called back to me as we neared the Zephyr shop. I sped up on my skateboard, catching up with him. We stopped and kicked our boards up, holding them in our hands as we walked inside. Red Dog, Shogo, Biniak and everyone else was already there and we sat down. Skip sat on the counter wearing his usual jeans and flip-flops. Chino and Stecyk stood beside him. \"You made it,\" Skip slurred as we sat down. Jay didn't look up at him and I just shrugged. Skip clapped to get everyone's attention. They were all pushing and shoving and conversing. \"Shut up,\" I heard someone say. \"Come on,\" Skip said. Chino clapped and we all looked forward, though some still messed around. \"Hey, listen, when you're riding for one of these shops around town- Yeah?- you can have off days,\" Skip explained. \"You have an off day riding for this shop, it's treason,\" Stecyk finished. \"Yeah, you gotta approach every day like it's your last. All right?\" Skip's gaze looked around to all of us and we watched a bit intently. We couldn't really tell Skip looked at all of us because he wore his sunglasses which hid his eyes. \"Yep!\" Jay said beside me. \"Anyone got a problem with that?\" Skip questioned. He waited for an answer. There were scattered \"no\"s and \"nope\"s. \"Stecyk?\" Skip looked to his colleague and Stecyk held a pile of navy blue t-shirts. \"Heat,\" he announced. He tossed the t-shirt to me and I caught it, holding it happily. \"You're kidding!\" I said. I held it up to look at it. It had \"Zephyr\" printed on the front. \"Take off your shirt, Heather,\" one of the guys said. I turned around and rolled my eyes. \"Wentzle,\" Stecyk announced next. He went all around the room until we all had t-shirts. The guys were taking their shirts off and slipping their new ones on. I just slipped my \"Zephyr\" shirt on over my gray shirt. \"Wear 'em with pride, man,\" Skip told us. I nodded a bit and looked down at the t-shirt smiling. Jay only had his half on. He laughed a bit and then said in a nasally voice, mocking Skip, \"Yeah, wear 'em with pride, man.\" Skip stared at him then gave me a glance. He didn't look amused. The other guys laughed and I chuckled a bit, but stopped immediately as Skip's eyes landed on me again. My cheeks when bright red. Chino grabbed Jay and said, firmly, \"Or we'll rip them off your bony, little backs, you understand?\" \"Yeah…\" Jay said a bit unsure. He smiled. \"Okay,\" Skip said. \"Now, has everyone seen this?\" He held up a skate competition poster and we all gasped and exchanged glances. One of the guys stood up and grabbed it. He read it over and most of the others huddled around him. \"Skateboard competition.\" \"You can't even read,\" another teased. \"You have one month to prepare,\" Skip said. He made sure we were paying attention- this was important to him. \"And we're gonna have training starting at 4 every day, all right?\" We all paid good attention to him. \"We gotta get serious here. We have to, because there are gonna be hundreds of skaters from all over the country, and we need to shut them down.\" We all cheered a bit. \"Yeah!\" Skip turned and looked to the back of the shop. \"Montoya, come on!\" he said. He turned back to us. \"We got you guys some gifts- I don't know why…\" Montoya came out with a bag of new skateboards. He began to pull them out and we all crowded around him grabbing for them. I grabbed a blue one and looked it over, smiling. \"Sweet…\" We all rushed to the door of the shop and out. \"Thanks, Skip!\" I called. \"Yeah…\" he said flatly back. When Jay didn't follow, I looked back seeing him talking to Skip. Then Skip didn't answer. I shrugged and turned around following Tony and the others. We all started to skateboard down the street. \"Hey, I'm not bailing your asses out of jail!\" Skip yelled towards us. I turned around seeing Chino, Stecyk, Skip and Montoya eyeing us. Then Biniak didn't realize where he was going and ran into a shop window, breaking it. \"Oh shit!\" Jay said. We began to skate back to the shop, so we wouldn't get caught, but Skip and Chino had closed the gate. \"Hey! Hey! Get back here!\" the shop owner said. As se all rushed to the gate, I heard Skip say, \"It was supposed to keep 'em out of trouble man!\" We pounded on the gate. \"Let us in!\" When he didn't we all ran the other way, getting away from the shop owner. 10 Minutes Later… We had successfully gotten away and were skateboarding through down, across the streets and down alleys. At the lead of everyone else, I heard one of the guys yell, \"Speed wobble!\" and then I heard a crash. I didn't dare look back, but only kept skating. Jay got to the front and then he went to his house. I followed but soon told most of the guys I was gonna head out. They said 'bye' and I waved to them, skating back to Zephyr. When I got there the gate was still closed. \"Hey c'mon, Skip. Let me in man…\" Skip walked over to the gate and unlocked it. \"You guys were in some serious shit back there…\" I walked in. \"I paid you twenty yesterday, I want my board.\" \"Yeah, whatever,\" Skip slurred. He held a class of orange juice and whiskey. I went over to some surfboards and looked back at him. \"How do you drink that stuff?\" \"You're only sixteen, man, you wouldn't know,\" he answered. \"Whatever,\" I muttered. I chose a red and blue surfboard. \"I'm outta here.\" I immediately went home and grabbed my wetsuit. I skated to the pier and suited up, then got my new surfboard to try it out. There were some large waves today and I was going to take them. I paddled out into the water and then took a wave, doing some hard turns on the water. I made sure I kept my footing and stayed out of the way of monster waves. OoOoOoOoOoOoOoOo When I had finished, my cheeks were pink from the cold water and my brown and golden blonde hair was drenched and stuck to my skin. I panted and got out of the water. Then I saw Stacy walk up to the pier. He looked at me and smiled a bit. I waved. \"Hey, Stace,\" I greeted, breaths separating my words. He waved back. \"So… Jay told me about the team…\" \"Oh, yeah. Right.\" I wasn't really sure what to say to that. Stacy was my friend and he hadn't made it on, but… What should I say? \"Come on, Heather,\" Stacy laughed. \"We all knew I wasn't gonna get on. Skip doesn't like me.\" I sighed. \"I'm sorry, Stacy… I, er, I have to go.\" I didn't want to awkwardness of this talk haunt me any longer. I took my board and ran up the hill, getting on my skateboard. I held my converse in my hands, as I skated barefoot. On the ride home I thought about how Stacy felt. \"He must feel like crap…\" I muttered. \"Mom's gonna be home any minute!\" Patrick yelled at me from the front door as I came up the driveway. I walked in the door and set my skateboard down and then went to my room, putting my surfboard away, and then changing into a dry pair of jeans and a black tank top. I came down the stairs. \"Where's Julia?\" \"She's asleep in her room,\" Patrick said. \"Good,\" I replied quickly. Then I brought up a heart-warming subject. \"Oh yeah! You know my surfboard? The green and blue one? The one you wrecked ?\" Patrick swallowed. He rubbed the back of his neck. \"Um… whoops?\" \"Gimme twenty bucks,\" I said, holding my hand out. My long hair dripped water on the floor and drenched the back of my tank top. Patrick groaned. \"Why?\" \"Because I had to pay for a new one.\" He sighed and took a twenty from his pocket, putting it in my hand. I shoved it in my pocket satisfied. \"Thank you… Now get some dinner, before mom and dad get here. They'll think I starved you.\" I pushed him towards the kitchen and he walked there. I sat down on the couch, lying my head back taking a few deep breaths. XxXxXxXxXxXxXxXx Author's Note: Yay for a terrible chapter! Also… Two chapters in one day? How is this possible? Then again, some are actually reviewing so I want to write more. That may be the reason. Thank you alicefavcullen for reviewing the most! :D[Chapter 4] Chapter Four Bahne-Cadillac Nationals; Dell Mar, California; April, 1975 Tony and I climbed into Skip's car. Sid turned around and yelled at us, \"Son of a bitch!\" I smiled as I realized what song was playing. It was Hair of the Dog by Nazareth. Tony, me and everyone- including Skip- was singing along (well, shouting) with the song. \" Now you're messin' with a song of a bitch!\" We all said. We smiled and bobbed our heads to the beat. Soon, Skip turned the radio off. \"Whoa!\" Tony said. \"Why'd you turn the music off?\" Skip didn't answer him. He turned around for a moment, looking at us sitting in the back seat- even though we weren't really sitting. More along the lines of kneeling. \"Now, I want you little maggots to make me proud. All right?\" He didn't smile. Skip turned around and looked back to the road. \"You can found on us, Skip!\" I answered for the others. \"Good,\" Skip said. 10 Minutes Later… \"Go, go, go, go, go!\" I said, shoving Tony out the car door. He stumbled out and looked back at me, eyes narrowed. I returned the glare in a silly way. I rushed back to the trunk of the car, wanting to get my skateboard. Skip walked back to wear we all stood. \"Hey, hey, wait, wait, wait! Come on. Hey.\" We pounded on the car, telling Skip we wanted him to open it. \"Hey, one at a time. One at a time, all right?\" Skip ordered. Of course, we didn't obey. We all just grabbed our skateboards and walked towards the long line of skaters and their teams. I looked back seeing Skip mutter something to Tony. I wondered what it was, but pushed the thought away. Skip walked to the front of us and began pushing people out of our way, Jay helping him. \"Yeah, sorry. Yeah, sorry about that. Sorry. Yeah,\" Skip said, excusing himself from his rudeness. \"It's an emergency. Yeah, hi.\" I smiled at Skip. He was being rude, but as long as we got to the front of the line, I guess. I laughed a bit as people scolded us for pushing through. We began to push through a team of skaters wearing bright yellow shirts. \"Oh, nice socks, man. Nice socks,\" Skip said sarcastically. He began to chuckle, \"Nice socks…\" When we reached the front of the line, Skip put his hands on the table, bending over a bit. \"Yeah, this is Skip Engblom and the Zephyr Skateboard Team,\" he said to the lady sitting at the table. He lifted his shirt a bit and pulled out a check. He placed it on the table. Here's our entry fees. Now, where's our trophies?\" He smiled and we all smiled with him, cheering. Right then and there, the lady got up in disgust, only for a security guard to come over. We watched as Skip handled the situation. \"Excuse me,\" the man said. \"Go to the end of the line!\" Skip stuttered for a moment, but then said strongly, yet a bit quietly, \"Yeah… I thought this was the end of the line, man. Is it not?\" \"Go to the end of the line,\" the security guard repeated. We all narrowed our eyes at him and mumbled amongst ourselves. \"Hey, man, listen. I'm, uh-\" Skip stopped and thought for a brief second. \"Yeah? I'm sure we could, uh…work something out here.\" He took out his wallet and showed the man a one-hundred dollar bill. \"Yeah…\" \"Is that good?\" Skip put a bill in the man's hand. \"All right. You and your boys are okay. All right, have a good day,\" he said. Who said a man couldn't be bribed, right? Skip nodded a bit and smiled, mischievously. \"You right there are okay!\" The security guard pointed at us. \"Yeah? Have a good day, man,\" Skip said back and he rushed off to join us. We had all gotten on our skateboards and skated to the crowd around the skating area. \"Where's the course?\" We gathered with them and watched the other skaters. \"There's a nice L-Sit by Russ Howell,\" we heard the announcer say. \"He's gonna press up now into a handstand…\" We saw a skater do a handstand on the moving board and we shook our heads. I tapped Jay lightly on the arm and muttered to him, \"We can do so much better…\" Jay nodded and chuckled a bit, but kept watching. \"What are we supposed to do with this tabletop?\" Biniak said, staring at it. I looked at the skating area. It was practically flat! How were we supposed to skate on it? I sighed. The skater did some 360s and I scoffed. Skip motioned towards the skater with a smile on his face, saying to us \"can you believe that?\" \"Next up, Ty Page, riding for Unity Skateboards,\" the announcer said. Most of us didn't watch the skater, only talked amongst ourselves. But when the skater went into a handstand we all watched. \"Next up, Jay Adams, riding for Zephyr Skateboards.\" We all began to cheer and yell happily as Jay walked onto the platform with his board. Skip walked over to the judges and soon some rock music was playing- Jay's favorite. Everyone, and I mean everyone, watched as Jay did some low-driving turns and a low 180 with Royal Christie . Jay started to hop into the air on his skateboard and we cheered, until he skated right off the ramp! He was back on his feet in no time, though and then finished quickly! I patted him on the back as he joined us. \"Yeah, Jay-boy.\" Jay smiled and Skip complimented him. Then Jay's score was announced. \"Looks like two 7s and an 8 for Jay Adams.\" My jaw dropped and I cursed a bit. \"What?\" \"Oh, come on!\" Skip said behind me, definitely not happy with the score. Soon a girl came up behind Jay and we turned around. \"Hey, you blew me away,\" she said. Jay smiled and said humorously, \"What? You want to blow me?\" I chuckled and the girl walked away saying, \"Maybe!\" \"Next up, Heather Shepherd, riding for Zephyr Skateboards,\" the announcer said. I felt my stomach knot up. I swallowed and Skip nudged me to the platform. I got on quickly and immediately began skating. I started with some S turns, and then went into some low-driving turns. As I skated in a quickly circle around the platform, my hand grazed the wood. Then I went into a Frontside 180 power slide . People cheered and I smiled, but paid close attention to what I was doing. I then did maybe about two or three 360s and then a walking spinner. Then, ending in front of the judges, I finished with a low-driving 360. The cheering got louder and I got up, walking back over to the rest of my team. They patted me on the back and smiled, saying things like, \"Nice, Heat!\" or \"That was awesome!\" My score was announced and I got two 10s and a 9. \"Yeah!\" Skip said behind us, gloating to the other teams. When Tony's name was announced he went up and did some awesome skating! He ended up tying with me and we smiled at him. \"Up next from Mar Vista, California, an independent skater, Stacy Peralta.\" We all looked up at the sound of Stacy's name and sure enough we saw his long blonde hair on the edge of the platform. As Stacy started to skate we cheered a bit and clapped. When he did five 360s, most of us gasped, but others just cheered him on. When he finished he was tied with me. I clapped for him. \"Two 10s and a 9 bring him into a first-place tie with Heather Shepherd!\" Stacy walked over to us and Sid jumped up, immediately greeting him. Tony and I got up next. I looked at him and smiled. \"Nice, Stace!\" He smiled back. \"Thanks, man.\" I patted him on the shoulder and then he rushed over, giving a hug to his girlfriend, Kathy. Then a man in a red shirt walked over to Tony and Stacy. \"You're disqualified,\" he informed Stacy. \"What are you talking about?\" Stacy questioned. \"You touched the course with your hands.\" \"Everyone touched the course-\" \"Read the rules. You're disqualified!\" Tony then pushed Stacy aside to fight the fight. \"Hey, man. Hey, man. Look. Look! The dude tied us!\" He motioned to me. \"Can your dirty ass even read?\" the man sneered. And that's when Tony lost it, punching the man right in the face. He fell to the ground and we pulled Tony back. \"My dirty ass, right?\" Tony said. \"Hey, ease up. Ease up, man!\" Skip said to him. \"You saw that-\" \"Yeah, ease up!\" \"Hey, hey!\" Another man approached us. \"Off the fairgrounds!\" Skip pushed him away. \"Cut these kids some slack, man!\" \"Slack?\" \"Yeah.\" \"You do you think you are, coming to our contest and pulling this shit ?\" \"Pulling what shit, man? My boys are kicking your girls' asses!\" Skip retorted. And, no, I wasn't offended by the comment. According Skip, most of the time, I wasn't even female… Did I care? Not really… \"I mean, every judge on the panel is on your payroll,\" he kept going. \"What kind of shit is that, huh?\" Skip shoved the man back and people booed and went \"Whoa!\" Skip was shoved back and we caught him, pushing him back up. \"Yeah?\" \"Yeah!\" The man progressed towards Skip. Then Skip unhooked his belt and whipped it off, curling it around his fist threateningly. \"Well, step up to the plate, man,\" Skip said angrily. \"One at a time! You want it? Come on, will it be all of you?\" My eyes widened as Skip stepped towards them, holding his fist up. \"Dude…\" \"Come on! Yeah?\" Skip looked at the man, his mind racing. The man stepped back, actually scared of Skip- our Skip. Some other people watched fearfully too. \"Hey, look. All right.\" Skip dropped the belt from his hand. \"It's gone, all right?\" He held up his hands, proving it. Then he got closer in to the man in the peach-colored shirt. \"Look, man. These kids are at a tender age . They tense easily, okay?\" \"Your boy who punched my official is out!\" the man said. Tony looked on, jaw hanging a bit. \"What?\" \"Oh, come on!\" Skip was suddenly angry again. \"Tony Alva's been disqualified!\" the announcer informed us. Tony walked away from us, not very happy and Skip followed him soon. Jay and I watched and waited for him. \"Dude, he was disqualified… He's pissed…\" Jay said. I nodded and the awards were given out, Stacy taking first and Jay taking third. I sighed, because I was hoping I would at least get second. Skip came up behind me, placing a hand on my shoulder. \"It's okay, girlie…\" \"Yeah, whatever…\" I muttered and walked away from him. XxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXx Author's Note: 'Kay, so there's Chapter Four… Hoped you liked it… I'll be slower with the next chapters because of school. But I'll try my best.[Chapter 5] Chapter Five Del Mar, California; April, 1975 The whole team had piled into a few booths and a few tables at a small restaurant. We talked and laughed and some of us just sat there, bored. I sat next to Tony and across from Skip as Tony and Skip talked about the competition. \"Let it go, man…\" I muttered, becoming annoyed of Tony's content rambling about the disqualification. \"Let it go-\" Tony looked at me, eyebrows knitted in anger. \"Let it go? How can I let it go? I could have won !\" I nodded. \"Yeah, but you didn't,\" I said with a small laugh and a smug grin. He punched me in the shoulder and I winced. \"Ow…\" He exhaled loudly through his nose. \"You didn't either,\" he said. My jaw dropped and my eyes became wide. \"What? Really?\" \"Shut up,\" Jay said. He threw a fry at me and I dodged it. Skip looked around at us, amused. Tony rolled his eyes and we all looked over as we saw Stacy enter the restaurant with Kathy. He looked around at us hopefully. Then Skip spoke up. \"Take a seat, man.\" Stacy smiled and we all exchanged glances, then a few cheered quietly. He sat down at the table, Kathy next to him. Then Stecyk held up a navy blue t-shirt. \"Peralta.\" We all looked at Stecyk then to Stacy and saw Stacy smiling. He couldn't believe it. Stecyk whistled and Stacy got up, grabbing the t-shirt. We clapped and smiled. \"You earned it, bro,\" Skip said. I stared at Skip, confused. Bro? He never called anybody bro! \"Dude, you're one of us, now!\" Sid said, sitting next to Skip. Jay looked down at Sid, and then looked up at Stacy. \"That maggot's always been one of us.\" Stacy looked at us again, a very happy grin on his face. \"Yeah, wear it with pride, man,\" Skip said. \"You know I will!\" Stacy replied, holding the t-shirt up, looking it over. Then Skip smiled a bit. \"Oh, hey, Stacy, that t-shirt…will get you more titty than you ever dreamed of, man.\" He smiled wider and we all laughed a bit. \"I got my boy covered, Skip,\" Kathy replied smugly. We laughed and cheered at that comment. Skip lifted himself and sat up by Jay on the back of the booth. \"Hey, you guys made a mess of that contest today,\" he said. \"Oh, yeah!\" I said as others cheered. \"They look at you as the enemy, right?\" Skip continued. Stecyk stood up as well. \"But it's good to have enemies.\" \"Yeah,\" Skip agreed Stecyk then tapped his plastic glass with a fork and held it up. \"A toast.\" \"A toast!\" we all repeated, holding up our own glasses. \"To the boy kings!\" Stecyk said poetically. Then the sophisticated attitude was lost as he said, \"You're all a bunch of filthy pillow-biters!\" He began to throw ice around us and we joined in, throwing ice at each other. Tony shoved some ice down my shirt and I jumped a bit as the cold substance slid down my back. I returned the favor by pouring ice-water down his shirt. Suddenly the manager came over. \"Stop! Stop!\" he ordered. \"You can't act like that here! This is a family restaurant!\" \"Oooh!\" a few of us said, not threatened by the small man. Then Sid yelled and threw some food at the manager. The man grabbed him, dragging him across and off the table. \"Hey get off him!\" Skip yelled. He jumped up and shoved the manager into another booth, but the man only punched Skip in the face. Skip fell back onto the table and Stecyk held him back yelling, \"Hey! Hey! It's a family restaurant!\" \"Get him, Skip!\" I yelled. \"Go Skip!\" Jay said. Skip turned around and lunged at the man again, still angry. OoOoOoOoOoOoOoOo Skip had just given Jay a ride home. It was nine or ten 'o' clock, at least, at the moment. It was dark, but the headlights of cars and street-lamps lit the road. \"Bye, Jay,\" I said. Jay opened the door and climbed out of Skip's car. \"Bye, Heather.\" I waved and Skip stopped Jay for a moment. \"Jay-boy,\" he said. \"You kicked ass, man.\" He grabbed Jay's hand and Jay smiled. \"See you, Skip,\" Jay said. Skip nodded and Jay walked behind the car and out of sight. He stuck his head out the rolled down window as he backed out. \"Okay… Let's get you home, girlie-girl,\" he said to me. I nodded. \"You could'a won today. You know that?\" he said, looking at me for a minute. I stared down at my skateboard in my lap in the front seat, my brown-blonde hair pulled back into a ponytail. \"Yeah, I know.\" \"Don't feel bad,\" he slurred. I knew he was supposed to make me feel better, but it just wasn't working. \"You did your best.\" \"Thanks, Skip,\" I muttered with a small smile. When we pulled into my driveway I looked up at him. \"Bye, Skip. See you tomorrow.\" He stopped me. \"Hey, how's that new board working out for you?\" \"It's great!\" I replied. He nodded. \"Okay… See you tomorrow, Heather.\" I stopped from getting out, once again confused by the puzzling mind of Skip Engblom. I nodded. \"See you.\" I shut the door and Skip drove away as I walked into the house. Right as I walked in my mother embraced me in a hug. \"Mom…\" I wheezed through her tight grip. \"What the hell?\" Then I noticed her crying uncontrollably. Her eyes were red and puffy from crying so much. I saw Julia and Patrick in the living room, Julia's head lying down on my brother's lap. Her eyes were red too, but it looked as if Patrick hadn't shed a tear. \"What's going on?\" I asked. My mother let go of me and looked my face over. She brushed back a few stray hairs and didn't answer. She only sauntered up the steps, still sobbing. I walked over and stood in front of Patrick. \"What's going on? Why's mom so upset?\" Patrick sighed and looked up at me, lifting Julia's head off of his lap. \"Go up to bed,\" he whispered to her. Julia nodded and walked up the steps. \"Patrick!\" I said out of annoyance. \"Look…\" he muttered pointing to the TV. \" This just in, the man has been identified,\" the reporter said. I knitted my eyes in confusion. He stood in front of a car wreck, one car beat up just as bad as the other. A body lay on the ground, bloody and it seemed the man had quite a few broken bones. \"What does this have to do with anything?\" \" Jack Shepherd is the name of the man who lost his life in the wreck' My breath was caught in my throat. \"What?\" I croaked. \"Dad's…dead?\" \"Yeah…\" Patrick muttered. He quickly got up and rushed to his room. I fell down, sitting on the couch. I stared at the floor, eyes wide. I couldn't believe it. My dad was the safest driver I knew. He couldn't be gone. Could he? OoOoOoOoOoOoOo The doorbell rang and my head shot up. I yawned and sighed, answering the door. I had fallen asleep on the couch after the shock last night. Stacy stood before me. He smiled a bit and then laughed at my state. My hair was falling out of my ponytail and my eyes were dark and tired-looking. I yawned again. \"Shut up… I didn't get a lot of sleep,\" I muttered. \"Wanna go to the skate-park?\" he asked. Tony stood behind him, holding his skateboard. He waved at me. I sighed. \"Um… I don't know, Stace. I'm really tired right now, but maybe I'll catch up with you guys later. 'Kay?\" He nodded. \"See you later, then.\" He rushed off the porch and caught up with Tony as he started to skate down the street. I closed the door and face-planted into a pillow on my couch. I still couldn't believe it, but I couldn't lie on my couch for the rest of my life. So, reluctantly, I got up and rushed to my room. I took my hair down and brushed it out, leaving it down this time. I slipped into a clean pair of faded jeans and a red t-shirt. I put my navy-blue converse back on and ran back downstairs, taking my skateboard as I walked out the door. Where was I going to go? I honestly didn't know. Wherever I ended up going, really… Turns out I ended up going to Zephyr. As I walked in, I immediately regretted it. It's not like Skip would show…sympathy. I raised a hand lazily in greeting to him and Sid. Sid smiled. \"Hey, Heather.\" Skip didn't look up. He had another glass of orange juice and whiskey in his hand. \"What's up, girlie?\" I shrugged. \"Nothin',\" I lied. \"But…my dad kinda… died in a car crash last night.\" Skip's eyes were lifted to me, although his sunglasses hid them. \"Oh… Sorry…\" I nodded and put my right hand in the back pocket of my jeans, because my left hand held my skateboard. \"I think I'll live, though.\" \"Yeah, well, you kicked the contest's ass last night, so you can kick this problem's ass, you know,\" Skip said, trying to cheer me up. It was working. I chuckled. \"Yeah, I guess so. Gotta go…\" I walked out of Zephyr and Skip and Sid waved bye to me. I got on my skateboard and started for the skate-park. It had been hours, but Skip's attitude towards me was still mind-boggling. He called me by my name, actually showed a bit of sympathy… It was all very, very puzzling… XxXxXxXxXxXxXx Author's Note: Sure it's a bit cliché that her dad died, but it has stuff to do with the plot… Maybe… I'm not actually sure… So what'd you think? :D[Chapter 6] Chapter Six Venice \"Dogtown\", California; April 1975 I sat in the back of Stacey's car as we drove to the pier looking for Sid and Jay. \"You okay back there, Heather?\" Stacey asked, coming to a stop. \"Yeah, I'm just fine,\" I replied half-heartedly. I rubbed my face, tiredly. The three of us got out of the car and we walked to a broken fence. We saw Sid and Jay talking by the pier. \"It's still flat…\" we heard Sid say. Jay nodded. \"Yeah. That's three days in a row.\" \"Hey!\" Tony threw an empty soda can to get their attention. They looked over. \"Get in!\" \"Hurry up!\" I added. Stacey didn't say anything. He was too busy eating a burger. I shook my head at him a bit and Sid and Jay ran over. We all climbed into Stacey's car and drove through the neighborhood, then stopped in front of one house. \"Stop, stop, stop, stop!\" Tony ordered. \"Right here, right here, right here!\" I sat in the passenger's seat this time, my feet up on the dashboard. Jay squeezed in next to me in the passenger's seat. We all looked over across the street, seeing a family pack up and put things in their car. Stacey looked back at Tony. \"Hey, isn't that the girl from Del Mar?\" Tony only raised his eyebrows briefly, with a mischievous smile on his face. Stacey looked back over to the family. Then he turned back to Tony. \"Oh…\" Tony stared out of the windshield of the car, at the girl. Then Sid spoke up. \"Dude, what are we doing here?\" Tony shoved Sid to the back. \"Shut up, dork!\" Then he added, \"And sit back.\" Jay started to mess with the windows, turning it up and down. I looked over at him, knitting my eyebrows in confusion. Then the handle broke off. Jay held it in his hand, staring at in. Stacey reached over me to grab it and I put my feet down. \"Damn it, Jay!\" Stacey said, staring at the handle. \"Do you know how much this is gonna cost me? You're an idiot!\" Jay turned around, a smug smile on his face to look at Tony. \"Jesus…\" he muttered through his teeth. \"God…\" Stacey set the handle down. Then the family's car started to pull out. \"Get down, guys!\" Tony demanded. He crouched down in the back seat. \"Get down, get down, get down!\" I crouched down, next to Jay and Stacey just lowered his head. Sid almost lay on top of Tony and Tony shoved him off. \"Sid, get off me!\" When the car passed by, we all got back up, Stacey starting the car. \"Grab your skates, boys! Let's roll!\" Tony said, laughing a bit. Jay opened the car door and I climbed out after him. Tony, Sid and Stacey climbed out next. Jay hid his skateboard in his shirt. \"How's that working for you, man?\" I said to Jay. I just held my skateboard. Jay shoved my shoulder. We jogged over to the girl's house and walked to the back. \"Dude, are we gonna rob this place?\" Jay asked. Tony pulled some keys out of his pockets, waving them in the air, boasting. \"Oh-ho-ho!\" Stacey said, smiling. Tony opened the back gate to the house and we ran back, our skateboards still in our hands. Tony ran over to the empty in-ground pool. He hopped in and put his hands up. \"This wave breaks twenty-four hours a day, every day,\" he informed us. \"And you know what, bros? We're gonna be the first to ride it!\" The rest of us exchanged glances and climbed down, grins on our faces. Sid put his hands on the wall of the pool, smiling. \"Dude, that's so genius!\" \"Dude, there's no way,\" Stacey said in disbelief. \"This is way too gnarly!\" Tony chuckled. \"Not if you got the balls!\" He ran by Jay, shoving him. We climbed to the top of the pool and Tony was the only one of us with the guts to get on his skateboard and try it out. But he wasn't the last. He rode up towards the rim of the pool, aiming to go over the light, but his skateboard shot up from under his feet and he fell, hitting the cement hard. \"Awh!\" Once Tony got up and limped back to us, Stacey got onto his skateboard to try. He didn't make it over the light- under the light, really. He fell too, rolling down the sides of the pool. \"Ohh!\" we exclaimed. \"Ouch…\" I muttered. Then I looked around at them. When no one went, I stopped onto my skateboard and rode towards the light. My heart pounded and my mind raced! Then I felt the sensation of going up a hill, then falling. I hit the cement with a painful groan. \"Damn…\" I got up and sauntered back over to the other guys. \"Shit…\" Jay chuckled and got on his skateboard, giving it a go. The same thing happened to him. We heard him curse under his breath as he hit the ground. Sid began to laugh. \"Oh, Jay!\" \"Dude, you did a backflip!\" Tony laughed. Jay scowled at us and walked over. \"Let's lose this stupid diving board!\" I turned my head to the diving board and we walked over, beginning to lift it out of the way. Tony jumped back into the pool with a yell. \"Wah-ta!\" He took his skateboard and tried again. \"Dude, hit it low man,\" Jay suggested. Tony didn't skate over the light, but just under it, smoothly. I smiled. \"Sweet!\" \"Yeah, Tony!\" Stacey said. \"Yeah! You guys see that?\" Tony smiled. \"I carved it!\" Without a word, Jay hopped onto his skateboard, skating towards the light. And, to our astonishment, he skated right over the light ! My jaw fell open a bit. \"That was awesome, Jay!\" Stacey bent over and his jaw fell too. \"Oh, my God!\" \"Dude, you were so far over it!\" Sid said. Jay ran over to us and I high-fived him. \"That was crazy!\" Tony said with a smile. Stacey then skated to the opposite end of the pool, his long, golden-blonde hair flying everywhere. He skated over the light as well. \"Yeah, Stacey!\" I said, clapping. \"Yes!\" Sid said. I popped my fingers and smiled a bit, then got onto my skateboard and skated smoothly across the cement. Before I knew it, I felt the same sensation, but this time, I didn't fall! I had skated over the light, perfectly! \"Nice, Heather!\" Stacey yelled. \"Sweet!\" Tony congratulated. Jay didn't say anthing. Sid put a determined look on his face and began to skate over to the light. His skating was shaky and inexperienced. Then the pool got too steep and Sid's board flew out from under his feet. \"Whoa!\" He fell and hit the cement, not moving. Tony, Jay, Stacey and I looked at each other, and then ran over to Sid. We stood over him, staring down at him. Tony prodded Sid's side with his skateboard. Sid turned over, groaning and staring up at us. \"Are you alright, man?\" Stacey asked. Sid struggled to lift his head and look at his legs and feet. \"I… I can't feel my feet…\" We all frowned a bit, still looking at him. Sid reached up and put an old cigarette between his lips. Then he began to mock Skip. \"But then again, I can never feel my feet.\" He gave a mock laugh and I ran by him, prodding his head with my foot. He gave a painful laugh now. OoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOo Over the next week or so, we skated in pools of families that were on vacation or something. We sought out empty pools, whether the families were home or not, sometimes. The more we skated, the more others got interested and came to watch us. We were nearly caught a few times, but just outsmarted the adults. Skating in the pools was a great feeling. I didn't have to worry about waves pushing me into the boneyards or anything! The only think I had to worry about was the cement… Man, did it hurt… But, if I'm being frank, I miss the waves. I miss the feel of the ocean spray on my face and I miss the feeling that I'm floating on the water. I just… I just missed it… OoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOo We all sat around a table outside a small restaurant. Tony slid a chip around in a bowl. \"Front side, back side, front side, back side!\" Then he smashed the chip with his fist. \"Boom! Over the light! Ha-ha!\" We looked around at each other, when a car horn got our attention. I turned, seeing Skip in his car. The rest of the guys kept eating, paying no attention to him. Skip walked over to us, with an unhappy look on his face. He didn't wear a shirt, unless you count an unbuttoned, button-up shirt a \"shirt\". The many beads and necklaces around his neck waved as he walked. \"Where you been, huh?\" Skip asked, looking around at us. I swallowed and bit my lip, looking at him, trying to avoid his gaze. No one said anything and the guys still ate. \"What, did you just forget about practice, or what?\" Skip was not happy. \"I mean, you think I like sitting around on my ass, waiting for you clowns?\" He ran a hand through his wavy, golden hair. Jay hid behind his hand, which held a burger, as he chewed. He had a grin on his face, as he held back laughter. Tony grinned widely, laughing silently. \"What? It's funny?\" Skip said, looking at Tony and Jay. Skip grabbed Tony's burger and took the meat out. \"Is that funny? Is that funny? Ha-ha-ha!\" He began to slap Tony lightly with the burger. The guys burst out laughing as Tony put his arms up to protect himself. Skip tossed the meat down on the table. When Jay didn't stop laughing, he grabbed Jay's neck and shoved it a bit. \"Hey! I'm serious man!\" Jay stopped laughing and stared up at Skip. \"You guys need to keep pushing, man!\" Skip said. He took Tony's burger and walked over to his car, climbing back in. He drove away. \"He took my burger…\" Tony said. Jay and Stacey laughed. I stared around at them. \"Hey, you think we should bring him to the pool, tomorrow?\" Stacey suggested. Tony shook his head a bit. \"He's gotta run the shop.\" \"Dude…\" Jay said. He laughed. \"You just got patty-slapped!\" Everyone laughed and Stacey wiped Tony's cheek with a wet napkin. Tony shoved his hand away. I sighed. \"You guys are total assholes, sometimes. You know that?\" I said, firmly. \"Heather. You weren't at practice either,\" Tony said. \"No, I wasn't. But at least I have the guts to go and apologize!\" I said, almost yelling. I grabbed my skateboard and got on, skating towards Zephyr. OoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOo I walked into the shop, seeing a delivery man standing there, and Skip writing out a check. Sid was behind him, trying to do some skateboard tricks. Skip wore a pair of old, white overalls, with no shirt and a white baseball cap, turned backwards with orange goggles on the hat. \"Alright, watch,\" Sid said. \"This is my latest move.\" He attempted to do a handstand, but it didn't go well. Skip paid no attention to him. \"Thank you,\" he said to the delivery man. He grabbed a box, and there was a clatter as Sid fell. \"Sid, man, get off your ass and get these boxes,\" Skip said. Sid lay on the floor in pain…again. I walked over and set my skateboard down, and then I grabbed a box. \"I got it Skip.\" I followed him to the back of the shop. \"Hey, how many boards are ready?\" Skip asked. \"I need to peddle this shit at Huntington to cover the check, man.\" But Montoya and Stecyk weren't in the back room. They were out in the back of the shop, loading up a car. Skip set the box down and walked back. \"Hey, where are you guys going, man?\" Stecyk closed the trunk of the van and turned around. Montoya walked up. \"Rincon. It's firing!\" Montoya said. \"Rincon?\" Skip echoed. Stecyk nodded. \"Ocean's your mistress, Skip. Don't neglect her.\" \"Look. Skip, this shop's about surfing when we want and working when we want,\" Montoya pointed out. \"That was the deal, bro!\" He walked back and climbed in the car. Skip scoffed. \"Yeah, well, that deal worked out great until we started getting orders from Australia and Brazil, man!\" The van began to drive away, and Skip followed it a bit, kicking it. I stared at him, shaking my head a bit. Skip turned around and looked at me, walking back. \"What're you doing here?\" \"I came to apologize,\" I said. \"For what, man?\" Skip exhaled and stared down at me. \"For everything. I missed practice and I… I really care about the team.\" \"Yeah, well, you're the only one that does,\" Skip scoffed. I sighed. \"I'm sorry, Skip. Maybe you should come with us to the pools some time. See us skate.\" He didn't answer. \"Well… I guess, I'll, uh… See you later, then…\" I walked past him. \"See you later, girlie…\" Skip said quietly as I walked out. XxXxXxXxXxXxXxXx Author's Note: Here is the long-awaited, Chapter Six of \"Everything Means Nothing\"! I am so sorry for the delay, but I have a giant paper to right (8-12 pages) and it's due tomorrow, so I was kind of busy with that. Please, please, please forgive me and I will have Chapter Seven up as soon as I can. Did you like Chapter Six? I'm a bit rusty with writing after taking such a long break… ","Summary":" Disclaimer: Tony Alva, Stacy Peralta, Jay Adams, Skip Engblom and other people I forgot are all rea"},{"Movie":"SWAT","Title":"New Beginnings, New Endings","Author":"JRennerFan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8552630","Passage":"[Chapter 1] SWAT I- Chill Out Brain was having a craptacular day so far. He got in trouble with his boss, his best friend and partner sold him out, and he'd walked away from SWAT. Sounds great right? Now he was zipping through traffic on the way to his girlfriend's house. She'd know what to say once he got there, she always did. Immediately after stepping inside he heard music blaring and a woman singing along beautifully. Anxious to finally hold his girlfriend in his arms, Brain ran to the living room to see nothing but a large canvas with feet poking out from the bottom of it. He felt a smile making its way onto his face as he walked around to see the most beautiful girl in the world standing there, painting and singing away without a care in the world. Her long black hair with its natural curves framed her soft features while her skin glowed with warmth. \"Whit,\" Brian whispered faintly but Whitney turned to him and her giant smile grew larger. \"I was wondering when you were coming home. Saw the news you know, you're a hero,\" she told him beaming. Brian frowned ever so slightly. \"No one else seems to think so,\" he replied, eyes downcast. He felt Whit's delicate fingers pulling his chin up, her violet eyes looking deep into his blue ones. \"You're my hero,\" she answered, her voice light as a feather and filled with honey. Brushing her lips gently against his own, Whitney kissed him. \"Now, I'm going to go clean myself up and you relax a bit and put on something nice on okay? We're going to celebrate,\" she told Brian. He looked bewildered as he pointed out, \"Celebrate what? I lost my job.\" \"The fact that you saved someone's life today, lots of someones actually. And now, you can find a new job, start a fresh new chapter in your life,\" Whitney stated as if it was obvious, moving back towards the bathroom while smiling over her shoulder at her boyfriend. He chuckled and glanced at the abandoned painting. It was of a girl who used to be a marmite puppet, but now her strings were cut off, she was free. Just like I am, Brian thought to himself smiling. It was time to start his new and improved life… Did you like it? Hate it? Love it to infinitely and beyond? REVIEW! 50CC3R :{D[Chapter 2] Special thanks to NeedNotNoName, LivinJgril123, and Guest for reviewing! II- Celebration Whitney stood in front of her floor-length mirror analyzing each detail of herself. Her dark blue dress draped itself around her body intricately in undistinguishable patterns. To top it off, Whitney had put on her killer blue stilettos, her lucky anklet, and a necklace Brian had given to her last Christmas of the sun. \"Whit?\" Brian's voice called out nervously. \"Coming!\" She called before stepping out into the hallway. There stood Brian looking absolutely dashing in his black slacks and gray shirt with a lighter gray colored shirt. His jaw dropped to the floor once she saw her. Whitney was a vision, miraculous and completely otherworldly. \"Are you ready?\" Brian asked once he regained his bearings. His girlfriend smiled sweetly back at him, \"Of course, let's go.\" They walked outside into the brisk, cold night to Whitney's Chevy. \"I drive, you pay?\" She asked and Brian nodded before getting into the passenger side. After turning the car on, music flowed from the speakers. They drove in silence with only the faint sound of Billy Joel to fill the empty space until Brian cut the noise. \"What's up?\" Whitney asked quizzically. Brian waited a moment before answering, \"What am I going to do now Whit? I got no job, my best friend gave me up, and I don't know what I should do now.\" \"Why do you have to do anything? Just sit back a little and enjoy the moment alright? You're way too stressed out; maybe later I'll give you a massage hmm?\" Whitney questioned as they pulled into the parking lot. He grinned and leaned in close. \"Can't we just forget dinner and skip to that part of the evening?\" \"Sorry, you either get the whole thing or nothing. Which is it?\" \"Can I at least get a sneak peak Whit please?\" Whitney smirked slightly before moving closer until her lips reached his... cheek. She chuckled lightly before slipping out of her seat. \"You're a teasing little minx aren't you?\" Brain pondered coming up behind her. A laugh was her only response. They walked into the Outback Steak House and were soon seated. They ate and laughed together, just enjoying one another's company. Before the lovely couple knew it the check had come and it was time to go home. Once there, Brian sweetly kissed Whit lightly on the lips before she tugged him roughly inside. Celebrate they did. Sorry it's so fluffy but I promise that maybe in the next chapter or two it will pick up. REVIEW! 50CC3R :{D[Chapter 3] SWAT Thank you LivinJgrl123 and NeedNotNoName for reviewing! III- 6 months later... Brian slipped out of bed before Whitney had the chance to wake up. He looked at her face turned to the side with her hair fanned out behind her. She was goddess, his goddess to have and keep. A smile crossed his face then grabbed his running gear. Whitney awoke to a cold and empty bed, seeing Brian's workout clothes were gone made her grin though. It was a sign that he was still fighting. The next day was different though, Brian told Whit he has doing to a bar with a couple friends, wouldn't be back till late. She knew something bad would happen but nodded anyway, smiling as she turned back to her painting. Brian came home practically steaming, as he slammed the door and purposely walked to Whitney. Catching the back of her neck and sliding his lips over hers, he effectively stopped all thoughts and words coming from her. Not one to waste time, Brian hoisted Whitney up before pinning her to the wall behind them. Once Brian had abandoned her swollen lips for her neck Whitney tried to speak once more. \"What happened Brian?\" she panted out of breath. But he shook his head and continued his assault downward. \"Look at me Brian, please?\" He groaned but conceded. \"Tell me,\" she ordered tracing his strong jaw. One deep sigh later he answered, \"I saw Jim at that stupid bar.\" \"What'd you do?\" \"Why do you assume I was the one to something?\" Brian questioned. Whitney rolled her eyes, \"Because it's usually you and you know it, but I love that about you. You aren't afraid to say what you think.\" Another lingering kiss between the couple. \"I said some harsh things, he's back on SWAT. Just like he always wanted, and I'm still stuck in limbo,\" Brian relented finally. \"Come on, I'll make you some hot chocolate while you take a shower. It will all feel better later, promise.\" Once refreshed and warm the couple sat on the only couch watching the news. Not three minutes in Whitney's head had come to rest on Brian's lap, and before he knew it he'd slipped out of consciousness too. When he woke up alone on the couch with a blanket wrapped around him, it was late the next day. A glass of water and two pills sat on the table for his immense hangover. The news was on again but faint, and the coffee maker could be heard in the next room. On the screen was some criminal catch. Grabbing the remote Brian turned it up a couple notches. Apparently SWAT made a big bust, and Brian was about to change the channel when he saw footage of Jim hauling the international criminal. \"Whitney?\" he called to the kitchen. Whitney in question poked her head in, \"What's up?\" \"Look at this,\" Brian told her raising the volume more. \"Alex is wanted in over a dozen countries for multiple offenses and has made an offer of $100 million dollars to whoever can break him out,\" the newswoman reported stiffly. Brian and Whitney looked at each other. \"I know that look Brian, what are you thinking?\" Whitney demanded cautiously. Brian cupped her face with his hands and kissed her deeply. Pulling away his grin was wider than the Pacific. \"I know how I can get us that new life Whit,\" he told her happily. \"How exactly?\" \"$100 million dollars and we can go anywhere! Be anyone!\" Brian knew he still needed a plan but he knew how SWAT thought and worked; he was going to free the international criminal and live a new life with Whit. It was perfect. What'd you think? 50CC3R :{D[Chapter 4] SWAT IV- \"So, what's the plan?\" Whitney asked as they looked at the assortment of gear and blueprints spread out on the table. Brian tapped his chin, \"They'll use a smoke-screen and move him while everyone's attention is diverted. Those armored cars moving tomorrow won't have him in them, they'll be fakes. SWAT will use a helicopter to pick him up.\" Whitney looked at the other plans. \"We need an insider,\" she realized. Brian scoffed, \"They're all straight arrows Whit.\" Whitney looked at him and smirked deliciously. \"Not all of them,\" she whispered seductively. Brian grinned too. \"You're a genius!\" he exclaimed. Whitney shrugged playfully, \"I try.\" Fingering the back of his hand skillfully, Whitney asked, \"Hi, so how've you been TJ?\" Sorry its super doper short but I'm having writers block at the moment and this was all I could come up with! REVIEW & HAVE A DOCTOR! +:-) 50CC3R :{D ","Summary":" SWAT I- Chill Out Brain was having a craptacular day so far. He got in trouble with his boss, his b"},{"Movie":"SWAT","Title":"Going Wrong","Author":"SoldierToger","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1970133","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: All right, you know the deal; I do not own any of the characters of S.W.A.T, copyrighted to their creators, yeah yeah yeah… Summary: A fanfic focusing on T.J. McCabe during his betrayal for his share of Alex's $100 mil offer. Covers the entire ending of the movie (that involves T.J.) and puts in his thoughts and feelings –NOT 1st person POV. Rated PG-13 : some language, suicide EDIT February 27, 2010: Hello all, this is the author here, Toger. I just wanted to drop a little note in here since this fic is being written with such huge gaps in-between chapters. For those of you reading it for the first time, the first chapter reads a little differently compared to the second and third which were written about 4 years AFTER the first chapter was completed. So yeah, style differences, etc. Also, I'll be working on the fourth chapter soon, so that's another year or so difference in writing, hehe. I'm still happy with the way the first chapter was written but I know it could be better. Still I'm not really going to edit it or anything. I'll just leave it as is and ask that if you don't like it, give the second chapter a try and see what you think then. A further note: I may be altering the ending to this one… We'll see what happens when we get there! Anyways, I'll stop babbling now, promise…… Enjoy! Going Wrong By: SoldierToger Chapter 1 – T.J., WHAT'S HAPPENING? \"T.J., relax, man. Hondo transported the President like this back in '96. No one had a clue.\" Hah. Easy for him to say… Except there are a few problems, Boxer: You don't have an outstanding debt to pay off, Alex Montel -who can get one out of that debt, easy- isn't Mr. President and somebody does have a clue… Thanks to T.J. McCabe. The officer sat in the driver's seat of the van, hands on the steering wheel, eyes flickering between the windshield and the rear-view mirror. In the back, Boxer used his body as a barrier between the door and Monsieur Hundred Million who seemed content to just sit there and run his pretty little mouth, knowing the lawful limits of the cops around him. \"Hey, my friends. I can double my offer. Sixty-six million for each of you.-\" T.J. swallowed despite the mute satisfaction knowing the little punk was getting desperate should've brought. \"-All you have to do is let me go, right here. And don't worry, huh. I'll find my way home.\" \"You got the cash? 'Cause we don't take a check.\" Damn you, Street. The easy sarcasm in his voice just added to T.J.'s nervousness. Completely unphased, Jim didn't even flinch at the offer while he on the other hand felt, internally, he was sweating bullets. \"Come on, be smart about this. What do you make? Sixty-six thousand a year?\" That stung. The mocking beginning and emphasizing ending… Street chuckled, replying almost bitterly. \"Not even with overtime.\" Too true. \" Teh , looser.\" Bastard. \" MAKING THE TURN, AT CHECK POINT TWO.\" Sergeant Hondo's voice sounded on his shoulder again. This was it. The inner-bullets turned to AA Shells. Then came 10-David. \" MY VIEW OF CAR TWO HAS BEEN BLOCKED. \" Damn right, it better be. \" T.J., WHAT'S HAPPENIN'?\" Nice and smooth… \"I got a pedestrian at a crosswalk, Hondo. I'll be on your tail in about ten seconds.\" \" ROGER THAT. \" Here we go… This was just one of those times when he was glad they didn't wear seat-belts. Otherwise, he wouldn't be fast enough. Heart beating, he pulled the lever and forced the door open, unholstering his Custom II at the same time as he hurriedly stepped out of the van, bringing the semi-automatic up to bear on Street and Boxer. \"Hands where I can see 'em, guys. Come on.\" There was no stopping now. \"T.J., what the hell are you doin'?\" Jim asked, staring at him with disbelief in his wide eyes, body visibly tensing up. Boxer simply watched his friend in shocked and saddened disappointment. How could T.J. do this? His friend. Sure, he was greedy and a little on the arrogant side, had too much of a thing for money and gambling, but seriously…he thought he was better than this…he was better. All right, so far so good, his earlier edginess began to ease off a little, now that things were in motion.. \"What the hell does it look like I'm doing?\" Don't do anything stupid, Street. \"I'm taking Frenchie here up on his offer.\" …arrogant little prick… He cast that French worm a resentful glance and could just see the smug look on his face. Yeah, you hooked one who couldn't resist. Go ahead, smirk . He hated him. He hated this criminal for announcing to the world an incentive to turn him against what had been his life. The prospect of millions… oh its power… Its power to rid himself of debt and grant him the rich life he deserved. \"Now, you guys just be smart. Hands up, Box! Come on. Come on. Hands up! Hands up, Box. Let's go, lemme see it. Hands up! Let's go!\" T.J. shifted in place, gripping the Custom II. Inwardly, behind his slightly 'un'-calm face, he prayed the two SWAT officers –formerly his friends- would comply…he knew he couldn't actually bring himself to shoot either of them... Just keep thinking about that money, oh yeah. Good. Relief swept over him when both slowly began to bring their hands up— NO! What is he doing!? The S.W.A.T. traitor flinched and looked back into the van with alarm as the shattering glass echoed the sudden gun-shot and Boxer was thrown to the side. Why'd he shoot him!? \" What the hell was that?! Are you crazy!? \" T.J. shouted, staring in near-horror at his friend in the back seat. \" What the hell was that, Bri!? \" Gamble had already opened Street's door and had his 'Jimbo' covered now as one of his other 'friends' pulled the side door away from its dock, Alex then kicking an unconscious and bleeding Boxer out where he fell onto the side-walk and from then on, until they left, ignored by all it seemed except T.J. \"He was going for his piece, T.J.-\" Bull shit! \" No he wasn't! I had it under control! You didn't have to shoot him !\" No no NO! This wasn't supposed to happen! Boxer… \"What do you say, Jimbo? Want to be a cowboy, huh?\" Gamble you son of a bitch. . \" T.J., STREET, BOXER. CAR TWO RESPOND! \" T.J.'s mind raced, his chest felt like it weighed a hundred pounds, weight that pushed down on the empty air that was his stomach. He had to say something! …Oh man, Boxer … Fighting to calm himself down, he removed one hand from the Kimber…. But he couldn't stop looking at Boxer as he finally replied, rushing it way too much and stammering, eyes switching constantly between the street and the dying, face drenched in street-light. \"We're catching up to you, sarge. Uh. W-we'll be there in about—\" \"Officer down! 7th and Hope!\" Classic Street. He couldn't release the switch fast enough and could've kicked himself, watching and listening to Jim cry out as Gamble landed a vicious blow to the meat of his shoulder and neck. Well, now they all knew and he could already hear Hondo with Deke shouting 'Move! Move!' in the background. \" 10-DAVID! 10-DAVID, DO YOU HAVE A LOCATION ON CAR NUMBER TWO? \" He should have a clear view. \" ROGER. CAR TWO IS STOPPED AT 7 TH AND HOPE. \" Gamble was hurrying but still enjoying himself…\"Do me a favor. Tell Fuller it was me who pulled this off, yeah?\" Holstering his gun, T.J. brought out his hand-cuffs and reached to grab one of the pained Street's hands, hurrying to get one end around his wrist, fastening the other to the steering wheel. Had to work fast. The downed cop still managed a reply while T.J.'s diligent, somewhat shaking hands maneuvered the cuffs. \"I won't let you get away with this, Gamble.\" \"Well you ain't got a say in the matter, do you?\" Brian responded, voice heavy with the arrogant glee-ness of someone who has everything…or is soon going to get it and knows no one, nothing, can stop him …Well, they'd have to see about that. Things were already going wrong… Gamble had shot Boxer. \" SUSPECTS APPEAR TO BE WEARING TACTICAL CLOTHING AND HAVE AUTOMATIC WEAPONS. \" Officer – former Officer McCabe pulled back to just outside the door, settling his M4's strap around his shoulder. Down the street, Deke floored the SUV and civilian cars spun this way and that. He could hear their tires screeching as they swerved to get out of the way and the violent crunch of uncontrolled contact. Had to hurry. \"T.J., don't do this!\" Too late now, Street…the feeling was almost enough to somber out the reeling in his stomach. He quickly glanced back at Boxer through the open door, worried, his heart hammering as he breathed. He couldn't stop now even if he wanted to. Just think, millions of dollars were waiting, had to keep going. Forcing himself, T.J. stepped back and out, running around the front of the van. \"I got an officer down! Officer down! 7th and Hope!\" Street could be heard half on his radio, half through the open door from where T.J. briefly paused to see Boxer, Gamble and the rest running ahead and into the station. God, Gamble had shot him in the neck! Like in a dream, he felt himself compelled to kneel down and touch Boxer, to make him all right –was he even alive?- but he could already see his friend's blood on his hands…visible as the light washing over them. \" SUSPECTS ARE ENTERING THE PERSHING SQUARE MTA STATION. \" Lieutenant Velasquez's report on their activity snapped T.J. back to the point of this whole nightmare, get Alex out, get his money. Hondo would take care of Boxer, he knew that. He could trust him. After all, one casualty was never acceptable by his standards…[Chapter 2] Disclaimer: As before, I do not own any of these characters. Blah. Wow,nlet's see. I posted the first chapter in 2004 and announced the ETAnfor the second chapter to be the following week…hmm… almost fournyears later….Ok. Well, I'm very sorry about the wait. Here isnchapter two. I'd been meaning to continue this fic, but I justncouldn't get it down. It wasn't until recently that I startednthinking about it, again though. Thanks for the all the reviews, bynthe way!! Warning:nThere is a little tiny bit of course language/thought process(?) innthis one. GoingnWrong By:nSoldierToger Chaptern2 – THEY'REnNOT COMING BACK. Keepngoing, just keep going that's all he had to do now. It could bendone. They would get Alex out and he would get his money. Just…run..nDon't think, don't think about Boxer, run, get on the subwayntrain. T.J. ran quickly down the steps, glancing behind him brieflynand stepping around Alex's discarded vest. Aroundnhim, civilians huddled in the subway exit/entrance, no doubtnpanicking upon seeing Gamble and the rest run down here. He wondered.nWhat were they thinking of him? They had to have recognized thenuniform he was wearing. Did they think he was chasing after thosenarmed men to try and stop them? Probably. He just hoped nobody saidnanything… Especially something 'cheering' him on or 'theynwent that way'. Sure that would help him if he lost track of wherenthey went…but they'd be trying to help a cop…and he wasn't ancop anymore; he wasn't part of the team. A traitor, that's whatnhe was. A greedy little rat and that hurt almost as bad as watchingnBoxer dying on the sidewalk and himself forced to leave him lyingnthere by his own greed--No. Stop it. Chiding himself mentally, T.J.npushed the guilt away with effort, concentrating instead on throwingnone boot out before the other, the protests of jostled Kevlar and thenweight of the M4. Itndidn't take him long to catch up with Gamble, Alex and one ofnGamble's thugs also toting an assault rifle, all the while he keptnlooking behind them, expecting to see Hondo and Street come runningnaround the corner. Frightened clumps of civilians drawn back againstnthe gray and blue tiled walls marked a pretty clear trail. And, trynas he might, T.J. couldn't help meeting the eyes of some of thosenwho watched them sprinting passed. There was confusion mostly, somenfear… And why not? A man in standard-issue prison-attire and twonguys with automatic weapons come streaking by out of nowhere. Whonwouldn't be surprised? And shortly after the unorthodox paradencomes a cop, decked out in Kevlar and with his handy-dandy assaultnweapon in hand. Perfectly normal… T.J.njust shook his head at himself, tuning out the now questioningnstares: Hey,nyou're a cop aren't you? Where's the FREEZE! POLICE! Bit? He'dnnever use those words again. Theynreached the escalator and T.J. dared another look back. No sign ofntheir pursuit yet. They were almost to the train, apparentlynrequisitioned for the doors closed in a timely manner just behindnthem and his new partner-in-crime issued orders into his mic. Allnaboard. Timing, it was all about timing…this better work. Gamblenabused the plastic interior of the wall eagerly?, impatiently?,n\"C'mon! Let's go!\" before heading towards the rear of thencar. T.J. chose to follow Montel and the unnamed lackey; the lastnthing he wanted to face was Hondo's face when he arrived too late,na confrontation Gamble no doubt lusted for. Vengeance, that's whatnit was about for the ex-cop; getting even with the damn brass. Disgusted,nT.J. settled himself restlessly onto one of the immaculate benchesnacross from where Montel lounged, smug as only a Frenchman could be.nMonsieur Million must've paid his personal-trainer well to keep himnin shape for sudden jaunts through the subway. The little bastardnwasn't even breathing hard while T.J.'s heart throbbed up behindnhis Adam's apple. \" DEKE!nSANCHEZ!...\" Henstarted inwardly. The voice of judgment? No, just Hondo deliveringnorders. Briefly, he pondered the little black square attached to hisnshoulder. Even this far down, radio-contact had not yet been severed.nTruly, all the separated him from the team was that little black box;nhe just had to hold down the button. Recoilingnfrom the thought, T.J. tore the ear-piece and its wire free andnhurled it savagely into the flimsy shadow beneath the Alex's seat.nTo hell with listening in, he never wanted to hear those familiarnvoices again… He could never hear them again. But, God how henwished he could've at least heard tell of Boxer's condition…nThe hate and anger in their exchange after he was pronounced dead atnthe scene or maybe dead on arrival having arrested in the bus as thenparamedics worked futility to save the life of one good cop, doomednby the selfish actions of one bad, two bad. No. One. Brian wasn't ancop anymore, hadn't been one for over six months. T.J. still worenhis badge. He felt sick. Tondistract himself, he looked to Montel. \"You better be good for it,\"nhe threatened the self-confident little orange-clad prick hollowly,nletting his panting cover the angry quaver in his voice and wishingnit could just as easily mask the tremble in his hands. \"Inassure you. If anyone is, it's me,\" came the reply, laced innfeigned sincerity. Prick didn't even bother to hide it, either.nScrew him and damn Gamble and his quest for retribution. Fuck ,nit'd gone so wrong… But, it was still going. The team would benwaiting for them at the next station. Only they wouldn't be there.nSo far as he could tell, they were getting away and that much closernto his cut of the hundred-mil… Or rather, the sixty-six mil Alexnpromised them each at the last minute; T.J. needed to remind him ofnthat. Sixty-six million all his own, a sun-drenched beach, warmnsparkling clear waters with schools of fish darting through thenshallows betweens one's toes and a Day at the Beach in hand…Notnbad. He sucked in a calming—albeit shaky—breath and did his bestnto espouse the lackadaisical manner of the Frenchman opposite. \"Allnright.\" Gamble chose to grace them with his presence at that point,nswaggering up and seemed pleased to find them all so comfortablynarranged on their seats. If he noticed the discarded ear-piece, itndidn't show. T.J.nwatched him closely unable to keep the scowl off his face, but onlynchewed on his lip in a vexed pause; the walkie-talkie sat, off andnforever silent now in its pouch on his shoulder. \"Don't forgetnthe new agreement,\" he interrupted before Gamble could open hisnmouth, addressing Montel instead, a smugness of his own adorning hisnface. Alex'snmomentary confusion was reward enough. \"Of course not,\" henrecovered, flashing that irritatingly suave smile. \"Newnagreement?\" Brian canvassed them both with raised brows and T.J.nsensed a readiness to spring beneath the scrutiny as if he worriednsomething might arise to taint his victory. Sonmuch for trust. \"Alex here has graciously decided to up his offer,\"nMcCabe continued, feeling confident for the first time that night andneven managing to recline a bit before the red backing pressed againstnthe voiceless walkie-talkie strapped to his vest, \"Sixty-sixnmillion for each of us.\" Wasnit just him or did he just see Alex shift uncomfortably in his seat?nExcellent. That's right squirm, prick. You should've kept yournmouth shut. You're going to pay handsomely for this fuck-up. \"Great.nPerfect,\" Gamble nodded his approval—why did everything he say orndid always come across hurried?—and spoke into his mic. Alexnlooked at T.J. T.J.nsneered politely back. Thentrain slowed to a stop and the lights went out. Time to disembark. Anfew minutes later and T.J. glared reproachfully at the gloomy surfacencrunching beneath his boots as if the stare alone would subdue thenstench accosting his nostrils. The M4 tactical lite strained vainlynto brighten the murk. He'd been reluctant at first, staring at thengrate as Brian had dragged it aside, admitting them to the sewernbelow, but logic warmed him to the practicality of it all. It was thenonly way. Hentrusted Gamble to guide them out of this; the ex-cop had proven verynresourceful so far. Still, that trust had gotten Boxer shot andnpossibly killed. T.J. accepted he'd never forget it as he studiedntheir dismal surroundings, periodically lifting the rifle's lightnto illuminate an obscure corner. Shopping carts, tires, ancientnmicrowaves, a toaster, random piles of wood and steel all coated withnthe omnipresent stench of underground L.A. The first thing he'd buynwith his $66 million? A shower. AsnGamble guided them through the warren of tunnels utilizing hisnbread-crumb trail of phosphorous paint, T.J. couldn't help noticingnhow little joy that thought brought him this time. Damn this guilt.nIt surged like nausea, stubborn nausea which rose and fell whenevernit felt like it. Mulling over how pathetic he was, he almost missednthat they'd stopped and Gamble's spiffy little light once againnsurveyed the walls. Following after him, he offered his light tonwhatever the ex-cop suddenly scurried over and crouched beside…andnfelt his stomach settle like a granite stone in the pit of his gut. T.J.ndidn't have a military background like some of the others, but henknew what he saw. \"You gotta be shittin' me.\" \"Ifnthey're good, this is only going to slow 'em down, T.J.\" Likenhell it would. \"Thisnwas supposed to be simple snatch and extract,\" he said sharply. Hendidn't like this, not one bit. Too many things going wrong… Nonone was supposed to get hurt. \"Boxernwas a threat, T.J.\" Brian countered, defending his actions. \"Boxernwas my friend!\" There it was, that anger again and his impatiencenwith Gamble's impertinence. \"Henwas mine, too.\" \"Stopncrying. You can buy more friends,\" that aloof, accented voice brokenin, tainted with annoyance. Thatnwas it. Withoutnhesitation, T.J. rounded on the Frenchie, throwing the barrel of hisnassault rifle in his face, glowering as Alex squinted into the light.n\"Don't give me any more reason to kill you,\" he growled, jawnset, finger ready. God how he wanted to. This was all because of him .nWhy couldn't he have just stayed in Europe!? \"Whatnare you going to do? Shoot me?\" Certainly. Itnwas infuriating how the little prick barely squirmed under thenassault rifle's vigil. \"Younshould relax a little bit, my friend. I'm the money here don'tnforget it.\" Dismayednby the wavering of his resolve, T.J. didn't move as Gamble steppednup beside him, grumbling; the campus monitor breaking up rowdynteenagers in the cafeteria quad. \"Looknyou can go ahead, I know this sucks. Let's worry about it innparadise, all right?\" Gamble reassured him, almost gently. No doubtnhe realized how on-edge his newest partner was becoming if theirncurrent situation gave no indication. \"C'mon.\" With one lastnpat of encouragement, he went on his way, leaving McCabe with thensense of just how trivial his protests were now. Things were innmotion that he could never change. So why fight it? Thenbarrel dropped back into the low-ready. He breathed deep, eyesnflickering to each of them as the group continued on past him,nlooking for sneers, wary of them. This was going too far. Howncould've he have let this happen? Damn it! Closing his eyes, hengrit his teeth and forced himself to follow. He had no choice. Keepnyour eyes open, Hondo, Street. And for God's sake look down… Inhave a week off for Spring Break. Let's see if I can get a thirdnchapter out, ja? .; I was a little rusty this chapter, but I plannto flush out the next ones. Thanksnagain for reading and reviewing! -Toger[Chapter 3] Disclaimer: Still don't own 'em. Nope. Characters belong to so-and-so and so-and-so. Not me. Author's Note: Ok, so this chapter was already done by the time I posted chapter two up here. I just didn't get around to actually POSTING it. Sorry ^^; I think I was going vocab-happy, too, haha. Anyways, the beginning might confuse you, but no worries, I did it on purpose. Hope you enjoy Chapter 3! Going Wrong By: SoldierToger Chapter 3 – WE HAVE BEGUN OUR DESCENT Pride. Man , it'd been so clear, clear as the sky that day so baby-blue with only that powwow of white clouds hovering over the distant end of 7th Avenue. Cap-adorned head held high, a younger T.J. had dutifully followed the back of a crisp black uniform, marching perfectly in line with the rest of the academy graduates striding down the aisles governing the meadow of chairs covering The Garden's arena floor. The stadium had been alive with flashes, the mayor beaming at his podium. The congratulatory hand-shakes had been strong and the smiles wide. They'd approached him before he was a real cop for even an hour. Had he known then what he did now he would've turned Lieutenant Coughlin down flat right then and there… Right? He blinked. The sky wasn't blue anymore. It was black and murky, the stars shining dully through LA's veil of smog. Maybe that was just his imagination. Peering out the GMC's window, he pondered that tenebrous heaven, straining against the sickly glow of street-lamps manning the sidewalks to spot a single star. Nope. Not one. For the duration of their remaining trek in the sewers, T.J. had resigned himself to going with the flow. What was done was done; nothing could change it. He'd thrown his little tantrum, waved an angry gun in the frog's face. He was good. Not even the final unveiling of Gamble's intentions had put a hitch in his stride. No explosion meant the team still lived, anyways. And, now he just sat back against the leather-appointed seats, watching the more ambiguous side of Los Angeles pass them by. Good bye, L.A. \"Van 1, Van 2. You have less than five minutes,\" Gamble announced. Alex Montel sat beside T.J., but the traitorous SWAT officer paid him no mind now. Of course, the fact that he was keeping his mouth shut this time around helped prevent any more squabbling. Actually it surprised him, how at ease he felt now. His hands no longer trembled, his stomach had assuaged itself at last and he could breathe again. They were getting away. Not even Hondo could stop them it seemed. They were really going to pull it off. No shit. \" You're crazy . You know that?\" \" C'mon. I already got a crew on-board. We're set. We just need—\" \" No. You're nuts! I can't believe I'm even having this discussion with you. This is ludicrous . What the hell is wrong with you? Uh-uh.\" \" T.J.—.\" Click. McCabe almost smiled. He remembered he thought Gamble had gone screwball on him when he called that night following the city-wide broadcasting of Montel's $100-mil offer. The two had never been 'buddies' per-se. They'd never worked on the same crew. Gamble and Street. Boxer and McCabe, that's how it'd always been, but working under the same command through the same situations and a few shared beers after work, they'd been close enough for Gamble to know T.J.'s penchant for fast, easy cash. Ok, well maybe that didn't really define any kind of personal relationship: the whole precinct knew T.J. loved money. They just didn't know how much…or how in over his head he'd gotten. Despite the intense background checks accompanying one's application for S.W.A.T., McCabe knew there was a lot people didn't know about him… How Gamble found out about his debt was still a mystery, but he was just the conniving type of fellow who knew he could use that little fait accompli. \" Your badge's given 'em patience, but that's gonna run out sooner or later, ya' know… I think I'd prefer ditching the badge to being dumped in the river.\" \"…\" \" It'll be like any other routine snatch and extract op. We play it right, we play it clean. No one gets hurt.\" \" Listen to yourself, Brian. You were SWAT. They're not gonna just drop all and let us walk away with Montel, you know that. Be serious, man...\" \" With your cut, you wouldn't even sweat paying off that debt, T.J. Then spend the rest of your days in Tahiti...\" \" Brian…\" \"Last car through. Bridge is locked.\" \"Copy that.\" So, Gamble really did nab a jet. Incredible. Though it was probably bad, T.J. felt the need to see this before he'd believe it. Landing a plane in East L.A? Better hope that pilot was as ballsy as Brian paid him to be. What would Hondo think? Would he be impressed by their ingenuity? He hoped so. In all that time working under him at Southwest, T.J.'s respect for Sergeant Dan Hondo Harrelson never grew ambiguous. Hondo was the real deal; L.A. couldn't ask for better. No doubt McCabe's betrayal infuriated the sergeant, not to mention Lieutenant Velasquez, another man he held in high regard; honest, hard-working, loyal and packing enough back-bone to make an efficient commander. Neither could possibly see T.J. as anything more than a greedy rat now. Regrettable, but they'd get over it. He inhaled smoothly. Boxer would recover, he told himself; the van's tinted glass couldn't have allowed for an accurate, fatal shot. It was only natural that any wound on the neck or face would bleed a lot. So, in the end, no one was killed just as Gamble had promised. The Feds would catch Montel again eventually, anyways. He grinned inwardly, thinking of Captain Fuller's feckless bellowing as he stormed back and forth and pitied all who would be forced before his infantile wrath in the end. Nevertheless, they'd get past that, too. At worst they'd spend a few months in the gun-cage; Fuller wouldn't sack the whole team over one screw-up…he hoped. Neither he nor Gamble had given them any chance to make a mistake. They were the best, but they were behind this time. \" Well?\" \"… The convoy will be the decoy. We'll be taking two units later that night. Montel will be in the second car… I'll be driving.\" \" Perfect.\" \" Brian, I swear to God this better not be some kind of God-damn vendetta...\" \" Relax, T.J. I can't exactly live off my pension; this is out of legitimate need, trust me. It's about the money.\" A chuckle. \"Jim could never look beyond the badge…not like you and I can, right?\" \"…\" \" So, lay out the route for me…\" Thinking back on it, T.J. had to admit the plan was pretty sound considering how quickly it'd been assembled. Or had Gamble been planning something like this all along? Possibly. However, he wouldn't let resentment ruin the rest of the night. So what if Gamble had started this knowing T.J. would cooperate. Anyone could stand being 'predictable' with millions in their account. Within the GMC, Gamble and his lackey exchanged light conversation tinged with the giddiness stirred by victory. Montel joined in occasionally, commenting here and there to ensure his rescuers, his new captors, had no reason to doubt his gratitude and to assure them of the impressiveness of their achievement. T.J. didn't buy a word of it, but he didn't say anything either despite Gamble's repeated attempts to engage him, as well. The former SWAT officer didn't feel much like talking or listening for that matter, especially not to Gamble's bragging about perusing the darker corners of the world for new opportunities, garnering the perfect mercenary's rep as he went. Maybe he'd even do a few jobs for Montel. McCabe doubted it. The opulent prick would probably put as much distance between himself and Gamble's band as possible once this was over. He knew they knew that he needed them and that they wouldn't let him go until they had his money…he didn't need any lingering reminders of this unpleasant drain on his resources—not to mention pride—around. In fact, T.J. wouldn't be surprised if he found Frenchmen in gloves with guns on his doorstep—beach front?-- before the year was out. Outside, the monotonous view of slate-gray buildings, desolate trash strewn sidewalks and sullen tar began to thin out into still more run-down buildings, checkered with vacant lots guarded by rusted chain-link. His brown eyes lifted to the sight now visible beyond their barb-wire. Skyscrapers, giant crags enduring the pulsing waves of lives inhabiting the sprawling sea of L.A., made up for the lack of stars with their ever-watchful array of sparkling glass. He stared until a warehouse blocked his view and didn't look again. Instead he turned his attention to the irritatingly repetitive blink of construction lights whirling atop some generic maintenance truck squatting at the entrance to the 6th Street Bridge. Thorough, very thorough. The cones were replaced after they'd turned, blocking entrance to their makeshift airport. So far, so good. With rehearsed ease, the two SUVs rolled to a stop angled into the divider, their flashers announcing their position to the incoming plane. How ironic. To come all this way only to be obliterated when the plane lands on them… This was it; the final leg of their scheme. He prayed it didn't end in fiery death. Taking a slow preparatory breath, T.J. exited the truck, M4 sling across his back, the gun itself supported in his hands. He found the weight, the cold steel, comforting. The bridge at their backs appeared deserted; still no sign of Hondo and the rest of the team. Somehow that did little to allay the sense of foreboding coming over him. Looking back, he found the rest of group focused on the end of the bridge. The reason wasn't hard to figure out. Flashing lights adorning the tips of its rigid, glinting span, the Learjet had already begun its descent. They watched it coasting lower and lower until the only thing separating the some ten-thousand-odd-pound bizjet's undercarriage from the bridge's asphalt was maybe twenty feet of rapidly diminishing air. T.J. waited for the fireball. With a terse screech and protesting puffs of smoke the business jet alighted without kissing the bridge unnecessarily and McCabe felt the group release its breath. \"This guy's worth every penny,\" Gamble said, chuckling appreciatively. Brakes squealed and the engines strained as the pilot struggled to seduce his plane to a stop. It made sense to T.J. to step aside and give the pilot all the room he needed, but one survey of the others made it clear their intentions to stay right there. Oh sure, if it came down to it, they'd leap aside; not Gamble, though. By the look of him, T.J. guessed the ex-cop wouldn't move for anything tonight. He'd stare the damn plane down if he had to. T.J. only shook his head mentally at Gamble's foolishness. What else did he need to prove? Besides, Street wasn't watching and neither was Fuller; therefore a useless gesture if you asked him, but who was he to judge tonight? Luckily, there never came the need to test just how close Gamble was willing to come. The apparent talent of the pilot extended to stopping as well as landing and the Learjet rolled to a labored halt before the two GMCs. Alex clapped and McCabe risked another look down the bridge behind them; the empty street; the city visible through the steel girders. He knew they were running out of time. \"All right. Let's turn this plane around,\" Gamble crowed, grinning back at his 'money'. T.J. was more than willing to let Gamble's henchmen do the grunt work, maneuvering the jet into position suitable for take-off with a hand-operated tug. Still, he might've joined in if it would bring faster results. \"We need to hurry,\" he mumbled, more to himself than anyone else but Gamble was within earshot. \"What?\" They're coming. \"I said we need to get a move on,\" T.J. repeated tersely, a sudden surge of impatience beginning to drive against his nerves. \"Relax, T.J. We aren't going anywhere until that plane is facing the right end of the bridge. Can't exactly fly through steel here, man,\" he grinned a little too patronizingly for T.J.'s liking, though his eyes never left the rotating fuselage. When T.J. remained mute and Gamble noted his lack of humor, he patted his fellow ex-SWAT officer on the shoulder, \"Don't worry so much, T.J. I planned this out. I know how they work. We got just enough time.\" Really, he could've gone without the ' just' ; T.J. knew how 'they' worked, too. \"So,\" T.J. muttered, \"if Jose over here—\" he gestured towards one of the men pulling the tug, \"--has to bend down to tie his shoe. We're screwed?\" Gamble laughed at that, mistaking the fatalistic sarcasm for a return of the officer's characteristic witticism. By that time they'd almost fully turned the plane and he motioned for T.J. to lead on. Only too glad to be moving again and distract himself from the growing sense of urgency, McCabe headed for the door and then hung back to provide an extra set of eyes…and barrel. Admittedly, it felt…wrong…hoisting the M4 from the low-ready and sighting down its length for any sign of Hondo and the team, people wearing the same uniform as he, despite the dirt on his now. Realistically, any member of the LAPD could be first on the scene. It would be Hondo, though; nothing would convince him otherwise. The sergeant wouldn't permit someone else to deal with his problems. Back alongside the plane, he watched Gamble pull open the jet's hatch to reveal a rather flabbergasted gentleman—an elite snob, no doubt. T.J. didn't feel all that bad for him and he heard the wife long before he saw her. Ah, damn . He thought as Gamble dragged the man out and flung him across the asphalt, the entire scene dominated by the woman's wailing—\"No no no, Richard!\". Dear God, did Brian really expect them to fly all the way with that ? T.J. climbed in after T and Alex. \"Shut her up!\" He snapped, settling himself in a seat across from the door, eyes unable to focus on anything except the outline of Gamble in the doorway. \"Come on!\" Thanks to all of you who are reading this and thanks to those of you who are reviewing it! I really appreciate your comments! I'm going to start working on the fourth chapter soon.[Chapter 4] Disclaimer: Still don't own 'em. Nope. Characters belong to so-and-so and so-and-so. Not me. Amazing, isn't it? Fourth chapter up within the same year as the third? Wow, hehe. Going Wrong By: SoldierToger (Kim Chancey) Chapter 4 – GODDAMN IF YOU AREN'T A FREE MAN. …Why'd they always have to pick the rookies for these things; the kids fresh out of the Academy? He'd always wondered about that back then, especially sitting at the bar listening to his 'pals' while they talked about nothing in particular; nothing of value to him, anyways. The lieutenant didn't want him reporting back about their latest hookups. Posing as a member of a drug-dealer's crew meant gathering better intel than that. He later looked back on his undercover stint with the NYPD and understood the reason. Not that it changed anything. He was still here. T.J. had barely fastened the jet's door when the report came. Damn, Brian. This is too close. A sudden dose of panic spilled down his throat but failed to take hold. \"You've got company! Limo broke containment!\" A limo? T.J. didn't know why he was looking so earnestly out the passenger cabin's porthole of a window. Seeing the limousine wouldn't change anything. They all knew it didn't matter what they drove: it would still be Hondo's team. And it had to be Hondo behind the wheel even if the sergeant didn't like to drive. The whole image was just too absurd for him not to. Visible between the bridge's steel columns, T.J. thought he saw the glossy black body of the limousine tearing down the road after them. When he made out the headlights, he turned away from the window. The Leer jet's interior soundproofing muffled the automatic gunfire outside as Gamble's lackeys attempted to deter the oncoming luxury vehicle; 'attempted' being the optimum word. Really? Just some muscle with rifles, Brian? Where're the tanks? The cement blockade? For shit's sake you landed a plane on the Goddamned Sixth Street Bridge, but you can't tuck an antitank gun in the back of that utility truck? T.J. decided to blame the woman's incessant blubbering for his sudden nerves. His heart pounded in his chest, but he willed away the doubt threatening to overcome him—panic no doubt rising in its wake. They were going to get off the bridge and he would see his millions. He had to keep reminding himself of that fact…for he couldn't afford to imagine any other future… \"Just keep on coming,\" Gamble muttered. No shit , T.J. thought wryly, eyeing his partner in crime's phone as Gamble dialed a number. The sudden answering splash of orange and red light drew his eyes back to the window briefly, ironically hoping to catch some hint that the limo survived the explosion, but the angle prevented it. Again, T.J. had to suppress his regrets. Had he known Gamble would so recklessly—strategically?—try to kill someone, he would've never stopped at 7th and Hope. So far, the death toll was still zero… He had to convince himself of that, too…. \"…Goddamn if you aren't a free man!\" Gamble crowed after ensuring they'd get their millions, pulling T.J. from his thoughts. A faint wave of excitement washed over him... Chagrined, T.J. noticed immediately the prospect of being a millionaire on the beach didn't do so much for him anymore… The realization, that Hondo and the team still pursued them, stomped on his relief when automatic gunfire suddenly broke out behind them. T.J. inched ever so slightly from the window as bullets splashed against the fuselage. Finally Street and the others get to do some shooting of their own. Good for them. \"Get them off our asses,\" the pilot demanded. \"Just fly the plane,\" came Gamble's typical reply as he moved to the hatch. \"Open the hatch. Open the hatch!\" What the hell kind of shootout was this? Grabbing the back of Gamble's vest, T.J. watched him lean out the open doorway and return fire only to come back in a few moments later with a growl. Your move now, Hondo. He thought, wondering what the sergeant would do. They didn't exactly cover tactical use of limousines against planes in training. The unknown worried him. Glancing back out the window, dread welled up inside him as the black limo slid ominously into view behind the right wing. What was Hondo planning? He didn't want to find out. \"Get this thing in the air!!\" He watched, horrified, helpless while Hondo rammed the undercarriage, slamming the Swiss-cheesed vehicle into the jet's landing gear. The plane jerked with each impact. T.J.'s heart was in his throat. The plane's nose lifted feebly. Yes And dropped. No They weren't going to make it. As if to applaud his final acknowledgement of the obvious, the bizjet lurched violently, swerving and throwing its passengers into the walls. Legs, guns, Kevlar and defiant cries interspersed with terrified squeals tumbled about the cabin like salad bits. One of those bits caught T.J. upside the temple and he lost focus on the outside world for a bit, dizzy, feeling only the scrape of the plane's belly along the asphalt beneath him. The plane swerved sickeningly and T.J. found more than his heart lodged in his throat until, thankfully, the aircraft slid to a stop. Oh well that was fun , he thought, his eyes shut to wait out the spinning sensation. He was vaguely aware of a great hustle within the cabin, of something pulling against him and then lifting away… ...They'd assured him repeatedly that it was ok, that it was over; he needed to let go of the gun. T.J. hadn't cared. So what if his shoulder ached and blood ran down his arm. Really, he'd forgotten all about the pistol in his hand as he limped across the asphalt. The paramedics could check on the bullet in his shoulder later. He'd needed to check on Kearney…. Swallowing back bile and lifting a hand to his temple, brow furrowed with the throbbing in his head, T.J. regained his senses. His fingers came back slick with his own blood. The abrupt roar of an M4 burping somewhere above drew his attention back to the situation. He looked over to find Gamble tying a loop of tactical rope around the ever-crying hostage. \"Dammit,\" T.J. growled around the ache in his skull. \"Hope you got a plan B, brother,\" Gamble shook his head, barely looking up from his work to acknowledge the fact that, of course, McCabe had nothing of the sort…He'd never wanted to do this in the first place, not really… You bastard , was all T.J. could think, watching the helpless woman—human-shield now—cry out the window. \"Just stay there. You're fine.\" Funny how he couldn't hate her now; didn't even find her annoying. Instead he felt sorry for her as he should've all along and he sympathized with her vulnerability for the two of them shared that trait now. He couldn't fathom the use of the rope, but knowing Gamble, it definitely had a purpose, she had a purpose. Gamble had a way out and if he didn't, he'd make one. What did T.J. have? Only the distant prayer that the renegade S.W.A.T. officer wouldn't shoot the woman once she'd outlived her usefulness. After all, he couldn't help her. The two of them stepped out of the wreckage, leaving T.J. alone with his thoughts. How could he have been so stupid? Why? Bullets danced against the fuselage, but T.J. didn't flinch. Wincing, he shifted on the expansive faux leather seat, unaware his movement, the contrast of his vest verses the crème jet interior, caught a pair of eyes on the outside. A half-hearted scan of the floor confirmed his M4 was gone; probably the source of the automatic fire he'd heard first open up overhead. Someone must have taken it from him while he was out of it. Figures. Oh well. Reaching down, he pulled his Kimber Custom II from its holster and studied its sleek, cold frame. He switched the tactical light on. Part of him wanted to peer out the porthole window, curious as to how his former-teammates fared. Why bother, though? He knew how it would end. So he sat back and tried not to listen to the shouts and pops outside. It didn't work. Without trying, he picked up on the decidedly different tempo to the firefight, the purposeful bursts of fire emerging from the initial maelstrom. What had once been two guns firing from the lee of the plane had become one, then none and he got a glimpse of Alex Montel fleeing down the bridge. The heavy thud of boots announced someone's pursuit; probably Deke. T.J. followed the invisible clambering, wishing the man luck even if he didn't need it. The guess was unfounded, but still he knew. Could it be so hard to place the players? Gamble was gone, Street no doubt following. Deke over the top after the frog. That left Sanchez and Hondo. Oh God. Reality hit him—just how many times could it do that logically? Well, fuck logic, nothing about this bullshit was logical! He closed his eyes and desperately tried to swallow down the wave of despair bearing down on him. His life was ruined. They'd come for him soon. He wouldn't run. Where would he go? Movement beyond the Plexiglas, quick but decisive. Hondo or Sanchez? Hadn't he heard someone shout out her name earlier? Had she been hit? He hoped not. Sure he'd been an asshole when they first met, skeptical of a woman on S.W.A.T. Hell, who hadn't been? Nevertheless, Sanchez had grown on him. She had eyes for Street, sure, but she wasn't his type anyway and that was before one even counted her baggage. No, he viewed her as an equal, trusted teammate in the end; simple as that. Fuck. What had he done? T.J. clenched his eyes shut. Why hadn't he listened to Kearny all those years ago? Why hadn't he gotten help? Because he didn't think it'd end up like this? Didn't think it'd catch up to him here on the opposite side of the country? Hah. He opened his eyes just in time to spot the light beam highlighting the ground approaching the door. It could only be Hondo. The officer—former officer—fought the compulsion to fidget in his seat, to press himself into the wall and disappear before his sergeant saw him, trapped like the rat he was in all his shame. His pulse quickened. Oddly enough, when the plane's gaping door revealed Hondo at last—gun-first naturally—T.J. didn't break down as he feared. He shuddered inside as the sergeant leveled his own Kimber Custom II's barrel at him. No theatrics just… sadness and regret cutting through him, oblivious to the bullet-proof vest and Kevlar. How did it come to this? …Oh yeah. That's how… ","Summary":" Disclaimer: All right, you know the deal; I do not own any of the characters of S.W.A.T, copyrighte"},{"Movie":"Let Me In, 2010","Title":"Lost Soul","Author":"StakeTheHeart","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7432693","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey everybody! I guess with no books to read I kept myself busy with this. I didn't think I would be putting anything up for a while but it was something I've had sitting in my head for some time so I had to get it out. I have no idea if anyone thought of it or has done it but I'm just going to put it up anyway. Reviews are appreciated and if anyone has seen my profile you will see why it is essential that you do so. ;) Enjoy! I walked silently to school wishing Owen was with me. We spent the night out like we usually do when my father and his mother went to sleep drunk, but this time we got back late. Owen's mother found out but she couldn't hassle him about it until the next day. I knew he must have gone to sleep quickly to avoid her. Now this morning when I stopped by his apartment he told me he wasn't able to walk with me. I saw his mother glaring at us behind him. I sighed but understood. His mother didn't like me and thought I was a bad influence. To be fair, my father thought Owen was weak in every way and didn't like him either. I left and began the walk to school alone hoping he would catch up or I would see him during the day. He didn't catch up to me but I managed to see him at lunch. We sat together on a bench to ourselves. We found comfort in each other that way; removed from the others who could not understand our long standing bond. We sat quietly today without talking. I glanced at him once in a while to make sure he was ok. At the same time I thought back to the day I met him. He already lived in the apartment complex when I arrived. Los Alamos was new and different to me and I remembered feeling lost. I received no comfort from my father who hated the weak and took great joy spouting out lectures after heavy drinking. I put up with his behavior, knowing he was just drowning himself in misery ever since mother died. Emotion was a sign of weakness to him so he never expressed how much he loved her, but I knew he did very much. One particular night I left to get away and sat outside on the court yard's jungle gym. Owen had come out and sat on the other side after some hesitation. We didn't talk right away but when we did we disagreed a lot. We were both naturally introverted. After some time passed, he began to open up and we started talking more often. I learned his mother was like my father. After his father could no longer put up with his mother's religious babble, they got a divorce. His mother drank a lot after that. We got along due to our similarities; sharing the same feelings about the world around us while experiencing the same problems at home. We kept meeting at the same spot and now we were the best of friends. Although we only had each other, it was enough. We stuck up for each other when things got tough, and comforted each other when things at home became too much. We met when we were twelve and were stuck in this never ending cycle for three years. The bullies never stopped teasing us, and our parents never quit drinking, but our relationship held strong. Owen stared ahead unseeingly so I gently shook him. He jumped slightly and glanced at me before sighing. He seemed just as lost as I was a moment ago. \"What's wrong?\" I asked with concern. \"My mom told me she didn't want me to see you anymore. She's going to have to deal with disappointment though because that isn't going to happen,\" he replied. I smiled, hearing the determination in his tone. He used to be so quiet he never stuck up for himself. After we met, I told him to fight back. Now, he would try fighting back more often than submit; but of course, that never stopped whatever was threatening him, it just held it off a while longer and made it easier to handle. \"Owen, please don't get her too mad. I don't want her to physically keep you from seeing me,\" I told him with some worry. \"No problem. That won't happen. Nothing can separate us ok?\" he reassured me. I huffed out an irritated breath. Of course, with his stronger attitude came stubbornness. \"Just promise me you won't get into major trouble. We are going out tonight remember? I want to go pick up a new stock of Starbursts. I know you're running out of Now and Laters,\" I said. He nodded. \"I know. Don't worry I'm not grounded or anything. We will still go just listen out for me through the wall. I'll let you know when she's out,\" he responded. I nodded and at that moment the bell signaled the end of lunch. We hugged before parting ways for the rest of the day. We met back up at the entrance to the school like we did after every day. Then we walked back home together. \"What should we do tomorrow night?\" he asked me. \"Maybe we could go check out that creepy room under the apartments. You said that guy Tommy and some guys hung out there didn't you?\" I replied. \"Yeah, but they are long gone now,\" he responded. \"So do you want to check it out?\" I repeated. \"Sure,\" he said simply with a shrug. Exploration was yet another great way we passed the time together. We arrived at the complex and parted at the junction of wall between his door and mine. \"So I'll see you later for sure?\" I questioned him. \"Yep, see you then,\" he answered as he reached out to tug playfully on my hand. I smiled and turned to enter my apartment. I heard him enter his and shut the door. I shut my door too and tensed as I walked forward. The TV blared in the living room. My father yelled that there was left over pizza on the stove but I ignored him and quickly walked straight to my room. I wasn't hungry at all; especially not for pizza. I must have had that just as much as Owen had mac and cheese. I laughed as I imagined the disgusted face he made when he first told me that piece of information. I dropped my bag on the floor and began pulling off my thick jacket when a series of knocks sounded against the wall. \"Wow, that was fast,\" I murmured as I climbed on my bed and settled close to the wall. MOM IS OUT. LET ME NO WHEN DAD OUT TOO He sent the message and waited. His mother must have broken out the stronger wine today. I raised my fist and began to reply. OK. I WILL I laid back and relaxed for ten minutes before getting up and starting homework. When I was finished, I carefully checked on my father. Sure enough, he was asleep on the couch with a can of beer still grasped in his hand. I grinned and hurriedly ran back to my room. I threw on my jacket before I hopped on my bed. CLEAR I knocked out on the wall. I waited some time before he answered. BE OUTSIDE I jumped from my bed and quietly left. I found him sitting on the jungle gym waiting for me. He smiled when he saw me. \"Let's go,\" I said as I pulled him to his feet in excitement. His grip held mine momentarily before he released it. We walked slowly side by side until we reached the store/hangout place. As usual I got a handful of Starbursts and Owen got a handful of Now and Laters. We preferred them over any candy there. Owen stopped by the Mrs. Pac Man game, hoping to get a higher score than last time. However, just like almost every time before, he got a low score and cursed the game. I laughed at his behavior. That was his usual reaction every single time he lost. We left and returned to the complex to talk and eat our candy. We sat next to each other on the jungle gym. I ate my candy slowly; kicking my feet back and forth, letting the weight of my boots keep the momentum. Owen sat still next to me eating one candy after another and dropping the wrappers. \"Why do you always do that?\" I enquired. He shrugged. \"I don't know, I guess I'm too lazy to find a trash can,\" he replied jokingly with a small one sided smile. I returned the smile with a small shove. He laughed and pushed me back. I loved the time spent with Owen. He was the last bit of happiness in an otherwise bleak world. I looked at him and realized just how much he grew since I met him. He took his work out classes seriously and the results were noticeable. I remembered back when he was so small and fragile looking. Even his face changed from the innocent little boy features. \"Hey Abby, I was wondering…well, we've been best friends for a long time and I wouldn't ask if I wasn't sure but…\" he stuttered out nervously. Times like this were the only clue to his small, shy, little boy self in the past. He came a long way and wasn't as shy anymore though. \"Spit it out, you know you can ask me anything,\" I encouraged him. \"Could we go steady? I mean, if you don't want to I understand. I don't want to ruin our close friendship or anything. In that case, you can just forget I said anything,\" he responded hastily. He looked everywhere but at me. I was slightly surprised that he felt that way about me, but when I looked back on everything we went through together, I realized it wouldn't really be all that different. We were already pretty close. \"Sure,\" I replied. He did a double take before grinning. \"Really?\" he asked in disbelief. \"Yes,\" I said with a smile. He pulled me into a big hug. I held him close and thanked anyone listening that I had Owen to keep me sane.[Chapter 2] I'm aware that this may come out a little obvious but like I said, I needed something to keep me busy. So evrn if that is how it turns out, I'm glad you took the time to read it in the first place. R&R; Pls :) Owen and I walked to school the next morning holding hands. It was an odd feeling at first but it quickly became comfortable. Our time at school was no different than any other day. Some boys who always bugged us were back to throw more hateful comments as we sat at our bench. \"Hey little girl; hiding behind your guard dog again?\" Jimmy taunted as he walked by with his brother and their group of followers. I would love to say he was talking to me but he wasn't. \"Leave me alone,\" Owen muttered as he looked away. I looked at him before shooting daggers at the troublemakers. I hated when they brought Owen down. I disliked anyone who hurt Owen in any way and I wasn't one to tolerate those who bullied. \"Leave him alone before I give you something else to worry about,\" I threatened as I stood. They flinched but didn't leave. Last time I kicked Jimmy in a place no guy wanted to be kicked after he tripped Owen. Owen fell, twisting his wrist when he tried to catch himself. I was beyond angry when I found out. Hence why I was now called guard dog. \"Whatever, I'll deal with you later,\" Jimmy grumbled before gesturing to his group to leave. I sighed and turned to a sulking Owen. \"I did it again,\" he said morosely. \"You're trying,\" I replied. I sat close to him and pulled him into a hug. He responded happily. We spent the rest of lunch with our arms around each other's waists. By the time school was over, Owen was back to his happy self. He was deep in an excited explanation when we passed the gate at the entrance to the school and came face to face with Jimmy and his gang down the street. They stood in a line like a barricade so that they blocked our way. \"You can't have a girl fight for you wimp. I say you fight me right here, right now. Prove to me that you aren't a little girl,\" Jimmy commanded. I stepped forward to defend Owen but two of the boys grabbed my arms and dragged me away. I struggled and kicked one in the shin. He yelped but held on. \"Hey, leave her out of this!\" Owen yelled. \"I can't have her helping you can I? Look, it will be fair. I won't have help and you won't either,\" he replied. Kenny, Jimmy's younger brother, shifted nervously along with Kenny's two other friends. From experience, Kenny wasn't as cruel as his brother could be. At that moment, Jimmy stalked forward and my gaze flicked back over to Owen. He held his ground and stared down Jimmy. He wasn't the fighting type so I worried. Even though he came a long way from before and I taught him a thing or two, I still worried. \"Get ready little girl,\" Jimmy sneered before he swung out. Owen ducked and then jumped back. \"Wait for an opening Owen, then give him all you've got!\" I yelled to him. One of the boys shook me to be quiet. I glared at him but returned to watching the fight. Jimmy swung twice in a row and Owen barely dodged the second one. He kicked at Owen's feet and he jumped. Irritation swept over Jimmy's features. He continued to attack while Owen dodged. A particular swing missed Owen by a large margin and that's when I saw the opening. Owen saw it too. He moved away from Jimmy's fist, shifted to the side, and swung at Jimmy hard in the ribs. He screamed and fell instantly, holding his side. \"I knew you could do it,\" I said happily. The boys holding me looked at me like they just realized what they were doing and hastily let me go to return to the group. I jogged over to Owen who looked like he was trying very hard not to kick Jimmy where he lay. \"Come on,\" I told him quietly as I tugged on his hand. He nodded and his gaze fell on me. I smiled and pulled on him again to make him walk. The group parted when we got close. We passed them and continued on to the complex. \"Ok, don't think about it anymore. Remember, we have an adventure under the complex tonight. Think about what we will find down there ok?\" I said. He nodded. Slowly he relaxed and the tension left his body. \"Yeah, that should be fun huh?\" he replied. I nodded. We had reached our apartments so I gave him a good-bye hug. \"I'll see you then,\" I said. I turned to my door and went in, only glancing back once at him. I started on homework first before raiding the fridge for anything useful. My father didn't know how to cook. It was safer if I did the cooking, so when he didn't order pizza, I was in charge of dinner. A quick inspection told me I needed to go grocery shopping soon. I found a container of sauce and went to the pantry to get the noodles. I boiled water in a pot and then threw in the noodles. When the noodles were soft, I drained the water and heated up the sauce in a different pot. Once that was done I left them on the stove separate. He didn't like them mixed for some reason. \"Dinner's done,\" I told him as I passed the living room. He grunted a reply. I returned to my room and sat on my bed with a sigh, wishing time would fly by. I scanned my room for something to do. I didn't have much. My eyes landed on the Rubik's Cube sitting on my desk. Owen had given it to me back when we first met. I smiled and picked it up. I leaned against the wall and began twisting it. I finished the puzzle only once before. Owen never figured it out. I often wondered if that was the reason he gave it to me, or if he was just being nice. I played with it for hours until I was hungry. I left to get a bowl of spaghetti, ate quickly and then went back to my room. I was just about to start on the puzzle again when Owen knocked on the wall. READY I set the cube on my desk and replied. OK I passed my father on the way out the door. He gave me a look I tried to ignore. \"Going to see that boy again?\" he asked gruffly. \"Yes,\" I replied. He grunted in irritation so I left in a hurry. I didn't want to be held back by one of his rants. I met up with Owen at our usual spot. He looked ready for an adventure except I could see he looked a little troubled. His eyebrows were furrowed and his eyes were sad. I held his hands in mine and he looked up at me. \"What's wrong?\" I asked. \"Nothing,\" he replied, not looking me in the eyes. I sighed and let him lead me to the door that would take us down the stairs and under the complex. He held the door open and turned on the flashlight he carried before letting the door shut behind us. \"Be careful. The stairs are kind of steep,\" he told me. He held my hand in his left and pointed the flashlight with his right. We slowly descended and came to a door littered with different types of writings. The one in big black, white, and red words stood out the most. Enter under penalty of death. I looked at Owen with a mischievous smile which he returned. He handed me the flashlight and opened the door. The room was fairly dark until Owen found a light switch. It illuminated the room just enough to see. \"Wow, this place is neat,\" I commented as I looked around. \"Look at all this stuff,\" Owen said as he dug through random items on the shelves. I clicked off the flashlight and set it on a nearby shelf. \"Hey, look at this,\" I called to him. I pushed a button on an old dusty radio and music flowed out. It echoed quietly through the room. \"Great, at least there's a couch,\" Owen said. He sat on it heavily, sending up a cloud of dust. He coughed and sneezed while I laughed at him. \"I thought you had enough common sense to sit down slowly,\" I told him as I waved away the dust in the air. \"Oh shut up,\" he replied playfully. I laughed again and sat next to him. I gave him a smirk when no dust was upheaved again. He shoved me lightly. \"So, what should we do now?\" I asked him. \"I don't know. It was enough to just see this place after hearing about it so much from the guys that used to come down here,\" he replied. \"Yeah, it is pretty cool. Maybe we should make it our place,\" I suggested. He nodded and looked at me with a bright smile. I gave him one of my own before kissing his cheek. He looked lost for a moment and then a wide smile broke over his face. He laughed nervously and turned a little red. \"Let's go stop by for some more candy before we have to head back,\" I said, sparing him further embarrassment. I got up and pulled him with me. \"Ok,\" he replied quietly. We left the room like we found it and shut the door behind us.[Chapter 3] Man it is so dang cold today! Sorry I just had to say that. Summer has been full of really hot days and then wham it's cold. I really can't see how people live in areas were it snows all the time. I can't stand the cold...Anyways, sorry for my rambling but here is another chapter. Yes, it may seem obvious what happens but what do you expect? This is the destiny these two have I just started it differently. Enjoy! The next couple of weeks were spent either, getting candy, sitting at the jungle gym, or hanging out in the underground room. The room started to become slightly remodeled the longer we stayed there and we began to refer to it as our room instead. The dust was cleared out due to routine cleaning and most of the old nonworking junk was thrown out and replaced with working versions. It was slowly reflecting our interests. It was Friday night when I had to decline Owen's offer to go to our room. I had to go major grocery shopping if I didn't want to live off pizza again. He was sad but understood so he met me outside to see me off. \"Why can't your dad go so we can hang out?\" he suggested. I shook my head. \"He's already too far gone. I have to do it,\" I replied. He sighed and nodded. \"Ok, well how about I go with you?\" he offered. I opened my mouth to reply but was cut off. \"Owen, I want you inside tonight! No exceptions!\" Owen's mom yelled down to him. Owen huffed angrily. \"Ok mom!\" he yelled back. He looked at me sadly and I reflected his emotion. \"Don't worry, I'll be out and back quick. It's just down the street,\" I replied, trying to cheer him up. \"Yeah, but be careful,\" he answered reluctantly. I smiled in appreciation before pecking him on the lips and giving him a hug. When I pulled away he was red again. He grinned and gripped my hand before reluctantly letting it go. We turned and went our separate ways. It didn't take long to get to the store. I bought what I needed and left, barely holding on to the bags. I mentally berated myself for getting so much but it would help in the long run. I was halfway home and looking forward to dropping this load off when a strange sound came from my right. I looked around and only saw trees. There was no one around. I continued walking, feeling a little on edge. I unconsciously sped up my pace and was immediately thrown to the ground. My groceries flew from my already struggling grip and went everywhere. I cursed but was silenced by a menacing growl. \"Is that a dog?\" I wondered as I climbed to my feet unsteadily. My hand stung and I looked down at it. I had scraped my hand when I fell. I flexed it and looked around. A small kid was crouched not too far away. Long, black, dirty hair hung over the kid's face. The small, ill looking body was bent over in a way that reminded me of an animal. \"Hey, are you ok; where you hungry?\" I asked quietly. That growl came back and I shuddered, realizing it came from the kid. I took an uncertain step back. Haunting light gray eyes looked up and glared at me. Sharp, jagged, teeth glinted from the mouth. I gasped and was ready to run but the kid leaped at me. I fell to the hard cement ground. The kid held me down with incredible strength before I felt the worst pain in my life. My shoulder felt like it was being torn off. I cried out and tried to get away but I couldn't. I felt the blood run down and drip onto the pavement. I heard the kid chewing into me before I passed out from the acute pain and blood loss. The world slowly came back into focus long enough for me to figure out I wasn't dead. When the memories of the attack came back to me I slipped into panic mode and frantically searched my surroundings. The demon kid was gone. I hesitantly felt my shoulder but there was no gory sign of an attack. There was the blood though; a lot of it. It stuck my clothes to my skin and stray drops littered the pavement around me. The groceries were still where I dropped them. I was having a hard time figuring out what exactly happened when a sharp pain struck me. I held my stomach and winced. I knew I had to get home but it was hard to get up. My whole body ached when I tried to stand but after a few attempts I managed. \"Get home first, ask questions later,\" I grunted out. I took a step and stumbled. The pain in my stomach hit me again before fading away. I pushed myself into a jog. I made it back to the complex and slowed down. I was reluctant to let my father see me in this condition but I was caught anyway when I opened the door. He stood in front of me with a heavy scowl. \"You are such a pain in the ass sometimes. You probably didn't even go to the store did you? You can come in, but only because I have to let you,\" he slurred with a sneer. He teetered off balance when he backed up to let me in. I held back a retort and entered. He went to sit in front of the TV. I hoped he didn't have more to say but he started up again on my way to the bathroom. \"What the hell happened to you? Did you get mugged or something? Or was it that no good boy you keep seeing?\" he asked in a slurred speech. I ignored him and kept walking. \"Hey I'm talking to you young lady. Did he try anything? Because if he did I have a right to beat him,\" he continued. Anger began to rise in me, far too fast than I have felt before. I briefly wondered why I was getting so angry before my father rose to confront me. \"If he did anything and you end up a teenage mother like your own mother I won't be around to help. I'll leave you to struggle alone just like your no-good grandfather did to her,\" he taunted. \"Shut up!\" I growled angrily. His expression froze in horror and he tripped over the small side desk in his haste to back away. The lamp fell and shattered but the bulb didn't go out. The light it cast was dim and shadowy but I could still see perfectly. \"Don't talk that way about mother! She was ten times better than you will ever be!\" I roared, baring my teeth subconsciously. I began stalking towards him as I screamed, an inner voice begging me to silence the man before me. He cowered on the sofa by the time I reached him. \"N-n-no, please, I didn't mean it. Honest I didn't,\" he pleaded, instantly sober from fear. His words did not reach me. The strange force pushing me forward wouldn't go unanswered. I felt a low, dangerous growl rumble through my body when I reached out and grasped the collar of his shirt in my fists. I briefly wondered what in the world happened to me before I yanked him closer and bit deeply into his neck. He cried out pitifully and I silenced him with the crushing force of my jaws. I heard bone crack under the pressure before his body went limp. I stayed latched to his neck, taking my fill of his blood. When I was done, I let his body drop heavily to the floor. His head fell to the side in an unnatural way. I must have broken his neck, I thought with a shudder. The force that drove me was gone and all that was left was myself. \"What have I done? What's happening to me?\" I gasped out as I looked down at my blood stained hands. Tears built up and I let them fall. I backed away to seek out the closet I used when I felt too emotionally wrecked to face the world. I slammed the door shut, fell to the floor, and cried for a long time. I thought back on the intense pleasure I felt while I killed him. Why did I feel that way? What was I? I stopped crying some time later. I was beginning to feel really tired now. I climbed to my feet and opened the door. A stray light beam from a crack in the curtains made me jump back. It burned me! I closed the door and slid to the floor again. \"Am I some kind of monster?\" I wondered to myself. I thought back to that thing that looked like a kid that attacked me. I must have been bitten by a vampire. It was the only excuse for all that's happened. \"That would sound so stupid if I hadn't just killed my own father,\" I moaned out in remorse. I hated the man but killing him was too much. I let a fresh wave of tears cascade down my face. I cried until I was all cried out. Then I found myself slowly leaning heavily against the wall of the closet. My body turned to dead weight and strong sleepiness began to take hold. It was nothing like going to sleep before. It felt like it was something I just had to do. It was hardwired into my system. I sighed sadly and let my eyes close. Nothing but darkness and a deep sleep awaited me.[Chapter 4] Well, here is the next chapter. I've been looking through a number of LMI/LTROI fanfics and realized there are ALOT of different versions and views. Anywho, that's my two cent thoughts/ realization/ rambling today. R&R; and Enjoy! I woke to a muffled fight somewhere next door. The voices were angry and persistant. I looked around to see I was still in the closet. I carefully opened the door and peeked out. The smell of old blood hit my nose. I recoiled before I threw the door open. I confronted the grisly scene once more and stood staring. I reached out to pick up the body and found that it didn't weigh as much as I thought. I hauled the body up and carried it to my father's room. I dumped the body on the floor space between the bed and the window so I didn't see it and then I backtracked and shut the door behind me. I threw my stained clothes away before taking a shower and changing. After words I went back to the living room and began cleaning up the mess. I had no idea what would happen at this point. I was too scared about the whole situation to think straight. I didn't even know what to do with the body. \"What about Owen?\" I suddenly wondered out loud. I couldn't possibly think about what he would say or do about all this. I was almost done cleaning when a knock on my door startled me. I threw a sheet over the couch to hide the blood stains I hadn't got to yet then I ran to see who it was. Owen stood outside with an intensely worried frown. I sucked in a panicked breath and began backing away. He knocked a couple more times. \"Abby are you home? Please answer. I'm worried about you,\" he begged. He paused before he knocked again except this time it was a message. I LOVE YOU Tears were threatening to spill again so I reached out, unlocked the door, and pulled it open quickly. Owen bolted in a wrapped me in his arms. I held him close and let myself relax into his embrace. I waited for any tell-tale sign of the hunger but it didn't show. \"Abby I was so worried. I kept knocking on the wall but you never answered. I heard a fight last night and hoped you weren't in too much trouble. My mom wouldn't let me go see you until I fought with her about it again tonight. Where were you?\" he spouted out as he pulled back to look at me. His hands still gripped my upper arms like I would suddenly disappear. I looked into his sad but caring blue eyes and debated whether I should tell him. I sighed and tore my eyes away from his. \"I'm fine. I got in a huge fight with my father and he forbade me to see you for a while. I don't want to risk sneaking because he threatened that I wouldn't ever see you again if I did,\" I explained. Anger alighted on his face before sadness made him sag. His arms dropped and he sighed. \"Oh, but we will get to talk through the wall still right?\" he asked hopefully. I allowed a small smile. \"Well I technically can't see you,\" I replied. He smiled and pulled me into another hug. Before he let me go he kissed me a little longer than when I kissed him last night. I shivered happily and he smiled. \"I'll see you around Abby,\" he stated in a mix of sadness and concern. \"Yeah, see you Owen,\" I replied regretfully. He turned to leave but stopped to look at me once more. I turned away and shut my door. I couldn't put Owen in danger. Not when I was trying to understand my condition. I would have to give myself time first. There was also the fact that I no longer had a guardian or someone to look after me. I only had so long before people would come snooping, wondering why my father hasn't been seen at work or why I wasn't at school. There were too many questions and so much what ifs I didn't know what to do. I resolved to wait until Monday. The weekend included no work or school so no one would be suspicious yet, however once both started… I would have to think of something. Monday night I decided to see Owen. I knew that was me caving early but only one or two days of school could be missed before questions would arise. I had to act fast. \"Owen deserves the truth one way or another,\" I said to myself. I had to say it out loud to make sure I would go through with it. I finished cleaning and returned to my father's room to deal with the body. I paced nervously before an idea arose. I left to bury the body around two in the morning to avoid as many people as possible but avoid the sun at the same time. I dug the grave myself, amazed that my hands worked just as good as any shovel. I worked quickly and efficiently. The work didn't cause any pain or fatigue like I expected. When I was done I stopped to stare at the freshly turned earth; then I walked back home. I washed when I got back, making sure everything was off, especially the blood. I wasn't used to seeing so much of it but I knew that would be all I wanted to see for now on. I wouldn't be able to help it. I stayed in my room for the rest of the night. When I felt the sun draw near I put together a bed in the bathroom because I could easily cover the small window. I curled in the tub with a couple of blankets draped over me for added safety. The sleep came swiftly and I was out. The next two nights I woke up and went straight back to my room. I didn't have to wait long before Owen began knocking. We talked until he was tired and fell asleep. I spent the rest of the time wondering how long I could go without the hunger bothering me once more. I was having a hard time stomaching the thought of killing someone again. I worried endlessly about getting caught and what I would end up doing to escape. I shuddered and buried my head in my hands. How could this have happened? The next night was Monday. I told myself I would meet Owen tonight. Whether I would tell him or not was still unclear. I wasn't sure I wanted him to know yet. I was still unprepared and afraid that telling him would result in losing him. Never the less, I waited for his message like always. SCHOOL He knocked out suddenly. I could almost hear the demand in his voice. I sighed, knowing that would be the first thing he asked about. COULDN'T GO I replied, hoping he wouldn't ask further. He didn't. HIT KENNY TODAY He replied, changing the subject. I smiled and laughed. GOOD I knocked back. MISS U He knocked slowly. I frowned sadly. I lifted my fist tentatively before answering. MISS U TOO MEET AT SPOT I wasn't sure if this was a good idea but there was only one way to find out. OK SEE U He messaged quickly. I went to go put my boots on and was halfway to the door when I stopped and shifted my feet in them. It was then that I realized it didn't feel right. I had gone without shoes for two days and it was strangely comfortable. I groaned, knowing it had to do with the changes. I resisted the urge to pull them off and continued out the door. I marveled at the lack of temperature change when I got outside. Owen waited for me on the jungle gym. A big smile stretched across his face. \"Hey Owen,\" I said quietly. He stood and walked over to stand in front of me. His scent wafted to me and I leaned back slightly. My stomach grumbled quietly and I began to panic a little. \"Hey Abby are you sure you're ok? You look a little sick. Aren't you cold? You don't even have your jacket on,\" he commented as he raised a hand to touch my face. \"No, I'm fine. Come on,\" I replied. I grabbed his hand and started heading for the door that would lead underground but stopped when three older boys sauntered into the courtyard. It was Jimmy and two of his friends. \"Uh Oh,\" Owen said. I stopped and unconsciously placed myself in front of Owen, ready to confront them. \"Look who we have here boys. We got him right where we want him. You'll pay for hurting my brother loser,\" Jimmy said with a sneer. He cracked his knuckles and the other boys laughed. I held back a growl and prepared myself for anything they had planned. No one would lay a finger on Owen.[Chapter 5] Ok so, I was waiting on pins and needles for more reviews but after waiting so long I got impatient so here is another chapter. I have nothing better to do right now so maybe I won't wait so long to put up another chapter. Thanks to everyone who has reviewed. Enjoy! I reached behind me to push Owen back. He did as he was told and moved behind me. Jimmy snickered and crossed his arms. \"You have her guarding you here too? What are you afraid of?\" he taunted. He should be afraid of his guard, I thought. I walked forward with as much authority as I could. \"Look Jimmy, your brother deserved what he got. He's a bully; as for you, you're nothing but a bottom feeder living off of everyone's pain and suffering,\" I told him with a sneer. \"Why you little…boys, hold her down. We'll take care of her first. I'll make sure he can't help her,\" he commanded. They ran forward with outstretched hands. I dodged them and kicked one in the chest. I could hear the air being forced from his lungs as he fell, breathing heavily. I punched the other across the face and watched as a couple teeth flew from his mouth. He fell to the ground too, holding his mouth as it fell apart onto the ground. I felt alive suddenly and that overpowering urge returned. I could only call it my base instinct. It was primal, animalistic, and simple; do what was needed to survive. I glared hatefully at Jimmy who looked like he might wet his pants. \"Are you going to leave now?\" I asked him with a small smirk. He nodded quickly. \"Yeah, but I'll be back,\" he responded with a shaky voice. I growled and advanced forward to grab him by the wrist forcefully. Before he knew what I was doing, I twisted it sharply and heard a resounding snap. He whimpered and fell on his knees. \"There won't be a next time Jimmy,\" I snarled quietly so only he could hear. My primal need to kill was almost uncontrollable when I heard Owen call me. \"Abby leave him alone. He isn't worth getting in trouble for. His brother certainly wasn't worth it,\" Owen cautioned me. I heard what he said but I didn't want to let my prey go. I closed my eyes, reining it in, and then pushed Jimmy away. He fell into the snow with a yelp and then scrambled to his feet. The other boys had a hard time getting up but they eventually followed him out. None of them looked back. I watched until they disappeared. \"Wow, I didn't think you could be so…unpleasant,\" Owen commented. I could hear more worry in his voice. It didn't bother me; I worried for my humanity too. I turned to him and sighed. \"Owen I…how about we go get some candy?\" I said with a sad smile, trying to change the subject. \"Ok, if that's what you want,\" he replied with a shrug, but his voice reflected his uncertainty. We both peeked over our shoulders at Owen's apartment before quickly leaving. I held on to Owen the whole time we walked. I felt possessive of him to the point that it was easier to ignore that he was a potential food source than anyone else. I shuddered when I thought of him like that. When we got there I told him to go in without me. I didn't think I would last in a place crammed with people. \"Are you sure you don't want to come in?\" he asked just in case. I shook my head. He looked me up and down questioningly before entering. While I waited, I counted how many times my stomach grumbled. It was starting to grumble with less time in between. I was a ticking time bomb just waiting to go off. Owen came back out not too long after with a couple Now and Laters and Starbursts. I smiled when he handed me my favorite candy. I looked at it and wondered if I could still eat it. I didn't feel that type of hunger and I didn't feel like I wanted it like I used to. He ate some of his candy along the way but I put mine in my pocket. \"You aren't going to eat any?\" he questioned incredulously. \"Sorry, I don't feel like it right now. Maybe later,\" I replied. He watched me a little longer with his head tilted in confusion before he looked away. We got back to the complex and went down to our room. I sat on the couch and Owen joined me. He took my hand in his gently and pulled me to him. I let him hug me, reveling in his touch. He raised my chin so I could look him straight in the eyes, then he leaned in and kissed me softly. He pulled back and then leaned in again but I turned away. I could feel more than lustful want for him. I had to find someone else before I hurt him. \"What's wrong?\" he asked with some rejection. \"It's not you. I want to, I do, but I can't right now. Can we maybe just put this off for another time?\" I asked. He looked at me before sighing and nodding. \"Yeah, how about tomorrow night?\" he asked. \"That would be great, thank you,\" I replied. I stood and headed to the door, not bothering to check if he was following or not. He was right behind me though. I hugged him at his door and watched him enter. Right when I was sure he couldn't see, I bolted back outside. I ran past the entrance and down the street. I let my instincts guide me and it brought me deep into a group of trees. I heard a man talking, or more like singing. He was walking down the sidewalk which ran close to the trees. I looked around before my eyes landed on a fallen tree. I lifted it and pushed a rock under it. It was small enough to hold it off the ground a little but not too much. I stuck my leg under it and let out a pained scream. I waited only a minute before the man I had heard walking this way came running. I was glad he was the type to care but then the guilt of what he would get in return washed over me. \"Hey are you ok?\" he asked when he came into view. \"I'm stuck, can you help me?\" I whimpered. He nodded and pulled out his hands which were tucked in the big front pocket of his sweater for warmth. I reached out my hands and he grasped them. He tugged and I pushed with my other foot to speed up the process. He released me and rested on his bent legs. \"Can you help me stand? My leg still hurts,\" I pleaded. He sighed and reached for me again. I grabbed his arm and roughly threw him to the ground. I held him down and sunk my teeth into his neck before he could say anything. I let my body take over so I didn't have to think about what I was doing. When I was done, I placed my hands on the sides of his head. I took a deep breath before I twisted his neck sharply. I hoped that would keep him from ending up like me. I buried him and then rinsed my face and hands in a nearby pond. Hopefully my clothes didn't have anything on it. I quickly ran back to the complex and into my apartment. I made sure to shut every door I touched quietly. When I finally reached my room I collapsed on my bed. I couldn't stay there long because I could feel the sun rising. I locked myself in the bathroom and got comfortable. Right on cue I fell into a deep sleep. I heard the front door close when I woke up. I bolted from the tub and silently crept toward the living room. A sound in the kitchen caught my attention so I darted in swiftly. I leaped at the intruder without a second thought. I was ready to defend and growled threateningly before I realized it was Owen. I gasped, my primal instincts replaced with horror. I pushed off him and jumped to my feet. \"Owen, what are you doing here?\" I exclaimed desperately. He got to his feet and dusted himself off nonchalantly. \"I wanted to check on you. You've been acting different since you went out Friday night. Did anything happen, Abby? Because if anything happened you can tell me,\" he said as he reached for my hand. I wanted to pull away but I let him take my hand softly in his. \"Hey, where's your dad? I was sure he would be the first person I would run into. And why are the lights out?\" he commented as he looked around. My hands clenched in anxiety. He gasped and his grip tightened in mine. It was then that I smelled it; blood. I pulled my hand away and inspected my fingers. My nails had dug into his hand. I tried to steady my breathing. \"Abby?\" Owen questioned apprehensively. I pushed his hand away hastily. \"Go rinse off,\" I commanded as I turned away. I took deep even breaths and tried to focus. He stayed for a while longer before he retreated to the sink. The water ran and then shut off. I grabbed a towel off the table to wipe my hand and then passed it to him. He dried his hands and then pressed it to the cuts. \"I want to know what's happening now Abby,\" he told me seriously. I grimaced before turning to him. \"Come on, we'll talk in my room. I'll tell you everything,\" I replied sorrowfully. I held out my hand and he hesitated before placing his uninjured one in mine. I held it gently and led him to my room. I could only hope this wouldn't be the last time I saw him.[Chapter 6] Hey peoples! So here is another chapter. Not much more to go from here. Things might get busy so I might not be able to update in the future. Just a heads up but I will try to get the chapters done faster to avoid that. Enjoy! I sat on my bed, tugging Owen into a sitting position next to me. I couldn't get the words out to tell him everything that happened recently so a few minutes passed in silence. \"Abby, its ok, just tell me,\" Owen spoke up. He lifted a hand and placed it comfortingly on my cheek. I held it there before shaking my head and pushing it off. \"No Owen, it's not ok. What happened to me…it's hard to explain. I'm finding it hard to believe. I want to tell you but I'm scared. It isn't something I can just say. You might not even believe me,\" I tried to explain. He sighed. \"Does it have to do with your dad not going out anymore? Or the fact that you're sitting here in darkness and almost attacked me when I came in? You know I had a key,\" he stated in a calm but quiet tone. \"Yes, I know that, but how do you know about my father?\" I asked. \"He hasn't gone out for a drink in two days. That's unbelievable as it is,\" he replied. I cursed mentally knowing if Owen figured that out then others in the complex might have too. It was time for me to explain. \"I can see perfectly whether the lights are on or off. I looked sick the other night because I didn't get anything to…eat, but that's the same reason why my father isn't around,\" I replied haltingly. I cringed away from him as the guilt started to get to me again. \"What do you mean by that?\" he asked. I could hear insecurity in his voice. \"Owen, don't you get it? I killed my father for food,\" I explained bluntly. My voice cracked and tears fell. \"What?\" Owen exclaimed as he shot to his feet. I didn't blame him. \"I need blood to survive. Ever since I was attacked by something that looked like a kid but wasn't. When I woke up, that was all I wanted; blood. My father was the first victim. I didn't mean to but I couldn't stop it,\" I told him as I cried silently. \"So that fight…\" he trailed off. I could see that his eyes were wide with fear and realization. It hurt seeing him like this; knowing I would probably lose him forever. He backed towards the door and bumped into it. I stood slowly. \"I'm so sorry Owen. Please forgive me. I don't want to hurt anyone but I have to if I want to survive,\" I pleaded. \"Would you hurt me?\" he asked shakily. \"I almost wanted to that night in our room, but I couldn't do it,\" I replied honestly. \"I have to go,\" he stated with a quiver in his tone. I watched him fumble for the knob before throwing open the door and walking out briskly. A moment later the front door slammed. I flinched at the sound and sat back down. The only thing going through my mind was the loss of the last person I had in the world. Owen never knocked on the wall the rest of the night. He didn't try to communicate with me the next night either. I spent my time covering the rest of the windows so I had time to get to the bathroom without getting caught in the sun wherever I was in the house. Any calls to the house went unanswered. By the time I woke up the night after that I knew enough time had passed. The time to leave was fast approaching. I had to at least let Owen know I would be leaving. He deserved to know even though I was sure he wouldn't want to come near me. I ran to my room to find clean clothes and then took a shower. I left in a worn hoodie and jeans. No shoes or socks or a jacket, just how I liked it. I raised my hand to knock on his door but it opened before I had a chance. Owen stood on the other side dressed to go out. I dropped my hand and looked down to avoid his stare. I still felt his eyes on me though. \"I was just about to go see you,\" he mumbled. I glanced at him before looking away again. \"You were?\" I replied with some disbelief. I had hoped he still cared for me but I didn't want to get my hopes up. He nodded and leaned on the door frame. \"Yeah, I wanted to check on you. To make sure you weren't too guilty to at least…you know, well I don't like the idea but I wouldn't want you to starve either,\" he muttered. I watched him scuff his shoe with his other nervously. \"Thank you,\" I replied in a whisper. I didn't know what else to say. \"No problem,\" he responded. It was silent for a moment before he stood straight and pushed the door open wider. I looked up curiously. He backed out of the way so I could go in. I took a step and then halted. My instincts sprung from my mind, warning me not to go forward. I took a step back and shook my head. His eyebrows furrowed questioningly. \"What's wrong?\" he asked. \"I can't go in,\" I answered. \"Why not; is something blocking you?\" he questioned. \"No, I just don't feel right entering,\" I responded with some confusion. I thought back to when I first came home. My father had let me in and the times after that was when he was already gone so maybe it didn't matter anymore. My idea seemed reasonable so I voiced it. \"Maybe you should invite me in,\" I told him. He studied me a little longer before nodding. \"You can come in,\" he stated. I looked him in the eye when he said it. I slowly stepped forward and passed the threshold. My instincts didn't warn me this time. \"What would happen if I didn't invite you in?\" Owen wondered. \"I don't know, but the way I felt suggested it couldn't have been good,\" I said gravely. I walked forward, careful not to get too close to him. I resolved to keep my distance until he felt comfortable. He shut the door and followed me into the living room. \"Owen, why are you doing this? It's only going to make it harder for me when I have to leave. Do you care for me anymore at all or are you just testing me?\" I said with some irritation. I turned to face him but didn't meet his eyes. \"No, I really did want to see you Abby. I miss you. Why would you leave?\" he asked. \"I can't stay. I have no one to guide me and when they find out my father is…missing, they will look for me. I can't let them find me. I have to make it look like I went missing too. It's the only way to stay safe. They won't understand otherwise,\" I explained forlornly. \"But you can't go. I…I still love you. I will always love you. You were the first person in my life to care for me; my first friend. The first person I've come to care about too. The only one I will ever go to for help, comfort, or advice. I don't want you to go,\" he responded with a tone heavy with despondency. I allowed a small smile and turned away. \"I still love you too,\" I whispered. I heard him take a few steps and then his arms were around my waist. He rested his head on my shoulder and hugged me close. \"I'm not afraid anymore. Stay with me,\" he mumbled in my ear. \"I don't want to leave you,\" I told him truthfully. \"Then don't,\" he replied. \"I won't,\" I said as I heaved a sigh. He kissed my cheek and tightened his hold before releasing me. I turned to look at him. He looked close to crying but he still had a smile. I laid a hand on his cheek and he closed his eyes. \"I have to go now. I'll stop by sometime later, ok?\" I said quietly. He nodded and took the hand on his cheek into his own. \"Come back soon. Don't worry about my mom. She'll be gone the rest of the night,\" he said. I gripped his hand before pulling away. I walked to the door and let myself out, refusing to look back at him as I left.[Chapter 7] Happy Halloween everyone! Yeah it's almost midnight so in a half hour it will be the first of November but I was too busy Trick-Or-Treating to put up another chapter. Not to mention other things I had to get done. So, I wanted to throw out another chapter because it's a holiday and Halloween. It's not much but I hope you still enjoy! I left the complex in search of a potential meal. I shuddered at the thought. I couldn't get over the fact of killing but I couldn't deny that I felt better when I did. I came across a man coming out of a store. Some bills hung from his pocket and a plan quickly formed in my mind. I burst into a run and snatched the money, making sure he knew I did it. \"Hey! Get back here you little thief!\" he yelled at me. I ran off and he chased me. I found that I could run quicker than before. I was almost losing him so I slowed down. I let him chase me as I looked for an isolated area. A big parking lot full of cars caught my attention. No one was around. I turned into the lot and swerved in between cars. He went so far as to slide over some. Slowly I let him catch up until he jumped over a nearby car and pushed me to the ground. He grabbed my hand that held the money and began prying my hand open. I growled and slammed him hard against a car, then threw him to the ground. I went right for his throat once he was dazed. When I pulled back I twisted his neck. \"I'm sorry,\" I whispered. I stood, looked around carefully, and then raised my hood. I glanced at the body once more, seeing the broken man with money scattered around him forgotten. After a second thought, I collected the money and left. When I got to the complex I walked to Owen's window instead of his door. I looked up at the window and wondered how I would reach it. I leaped into the air, hoping something would kick in, and it did. Black, jagged, wings sprouted somewhat painfully from my back and caught me from falling back down. They held me effortlessly as I flew up to Owen's window. I landed lightly and sat crouched on the ledge of his window. I touched a wing in wonder. It had a smooth, cold surface. I expected it to be like a bat's wing but it wasn't. I thought about hiding them and they pulled in. I gasped at the sudden pain and then turned to the window to silently slide it open and peek in. \"Owen. Owen,\" I called quietly. He groaned and shifted under the covers of his bed. \"Owen, invite me in,\" I called to him. \"You can come in,\" he mumbled. I slipped in and landed softly in his room. I slid the window shut then walked over to his bed. I removed my dirty hoodie, which now had two slits in the back, and my jeans before pulling back the covers and sliding in next to him. I touched his arm and he flinched. I held my breath with worry. \"Geez, you're freezing,\" he complained before he relaxed his bare, tense shoulders. I let out the breath I was holding with relief. \"Are you ok now?\" he asked in a clearer voice. \"Yeah,\" I replied. \"Good,\" he stated. \"Hey, how did you get up here?\" he wondered after a few minutes of silence. \"I flew,\" I replied simply. He turned around but I flipped over so he couldn't see me. I was well aware of how I looked. I heard him sigh before he pulled me closer to him. Right when my back touched his chest I let out a content sigh. His arms wrapped around me and his legs bent to match mine so he could press every inch of our bodies together. \"Aren't I cold?\" I asked him. \"I want to be close to you,\" he responded. I felt him tuck his head right behind my neck. His breath swept over my skin. Soon I was fully aware of his scent all around me. I picked up his right hand which hung across my hip and placed it on my cheek. His thumb moved back and forth rhythmically and comforted me. My hand copied his rhythm on the back of his other hand. \"You don't want me to see you because the blood right?\" he said suddenly. I tensed a little and stopped rubbing his hand. \"It's ok, if you don't feel comfortable yet. I understand. I just want you to know that I'll always be here for you,\" he stated. He yawned and removed his hand so he could hug me close to him. I pressed myself closer too and listened to his breaths evening out. When I knew he was asleep, I slowly began removing myself from him. The morning would come soon and I had to get back home. I got out of his bed, threw on my clothes and moved to his desk. I found a scrap of paper and a pen. I left him a note explaining that I had to leave and then climbed back out the window. The first thing I did when I got home was clean off. Then I curled up in my handmade bed and waited for the sun to put me to sleep. Owen was the first thing on my mind when I woke up. I didn't want to rush to his house because of his mother so I waited for him to contact me. I reclined on my bed and played with the Rubik's cube while I waited. When I finally solved it I set that down and pulled together some clothes to take on the road. I wouldn't leave anytime soon but I would have to eventually. Whenever that time came I wanted to be ready. I gathered all the money I could find and put it on my bed. I looked around and wondered where I put my backpack when a series of knocks pulled me out of my thoughts. MEET IN ROOM He knocked out. OK I answered. I headed for the door but froze when I heard an unfamiliar voice in the hall. I snuck to the door with silent steps and listened. The newcomer was talking to Owen's mother next door. By the questions he asked he sounded like a cop. I panicked slightly when his steps moved to my door after thanking Owen's mother. I watched him through the peep hole as he knocked. I let him knock until he sighed and moved away. I stayed silent until I felt he was long gone. I hoped Owen didn't have any trouble getting out after that. I opened the door cautiously before bolting out and down the hall. I went outside and into the door that would take me underground. I reached the big door and opened it. Owen wasn't there yet. \"That cop is going to make things difficult,\" I commented to myself as I scanned the room, remembering the fun Owen and I had. I strolled through the room and examined things while I waited for Owen to arrive. He came in as quietly as he could. I heard every movement and knew he was trying to sneak up on me. I smiled and turned right when he was inches from me. He skidded to a stop with wide eyes. \"You thought you could sneak up on me?\" I said with a laugh. He tried and failed to look innocent. I shook my head. \"Good try,\" I told him as I flopped on the couch. \"Yeah kind of stupid huh?\" he said as he joined me. \"Very. I advise against startling me,\" I told him. I leaned back and closed my eyes. He scooted closer and held my hand. \"How's school?\" I asked him. \"It's boring and I'm lonely without you. Jimmy, Kenny, and their gang are too scared to mess with me even though you aren't there. Can you believe no one even talks about you not being there anymore? I mean, besides the teachers and staff and stuff,\" he began incredulously. I frowned. \"No one knew about me all that much to care. I'm glad you aren't having any problems,\" I responded. \"What are you going to do now?\" he questioned. I opened my eyes and turned to look at him. \"That cop is suspicious Owen. I can't stay any longer. I don't want to go but like I said before, I need to,\" I said urgently. He turned away with a troubled expression before facing me with his whole body. I sat up, ready to hear what he had to say. \"Then stay in my room until we figure out something. That way no one will find you. It won't be long because it's just long enough for me to decide,\" he said. \"Decide what?\" I wondered. \"Whether I want to go with you of course,\" he replied. I was taken aback at his forwardness and couldn't deny how happy that made me but I was still conflicted.[Chapter 8] Well, I was really busy since last Thursday to this Monday. It feels like I haven't been on here in forever. I came up with another idea for a story so maybe I'll get to that after this one is done. Now that I'm back, here's a new chapter to read. Enjoy What Owen was contemplating made me want to jump at the idea of having him with me, but there were still so many dangers involved. Some things even I didn't know could be presented. What I did know made me hesitant as it was. \"Owen you can't leave. You'll be a fugitive if you go with me. I can't stand asking you for help when…I just can't let you do that,\" I told him with worry. \"What else do I have Abby? You are the one and only thing important to me. Before I met you my life was hell on Earth,\" he explained. \"But what about your mother; she'll miss you,\" I reminded him. He shook his head. \"She'll be fine without me,\" he said, deflecting the concern. \"If that's what you choose Owen I can't stop you. I know how stubborn you can be, but I want you to make the choice only after you think it through ok?\" I said with a wary sigh. He nodded and a smile broke over his face. At that moment the door swung open and I jumped to my feet, instantly on guard. Owen stood and turned to see who it was. The cop from earlier stood at the doorway with a brief expression of surprise. \"What are you kids doing down here?\" he questioned us. We didn't say anything and his searching eyes pinned us down. They widened in realization when he studied me. \"Hey, you live here with your father don't you? I heard he went missing at his work and you haven't been in school. You're coming with me young lady,\" he said as he stepped forward. \"I think you have the wrong girl,\" Owen said as he stood in front of me. I looked at him like he was crazy. \"I have eye witness descriptions of her from the other complex residences and staff down at the school. Please remove your-self young man,\" he stated authoritatively. His voice hinted at forced removal. \"She lives somewhere else. You must have her confused,\" he said with continued refusal. \"I will only warn you once before I will be forced to move you,\" the cop said in retaliation. When Owen didn't move, he pulled him away by the arm. Owen fought to stay in place and the result ended with Owen falling. He tried to catch himself and cut his hand on a metal shelf in the process. He stumbled but managed to stay on his feet. He held his hand with a grimace. The blood and my anger was enough to make my control slip. I glared at the cop hatefully. He hurt Owen. I knew I had to stop myself from attacking but I couldn't hold back the primal urge to kill once blood was spilled. The smell alone got me riled. I tried futilely for a few more seconds before a growl ripped from my throat. The cop looked terrified and tried to draw his gun. My eyes followed his movements and I swiftly pounced on him before he had a chance to draw it. He hit the floor with me holding him down by the arms so he couldn't reach the gun. I was vaguely aware that Owen was still in the room but I was too far gone in the craze by this time. The officer screamed once before I tore into his neck like all the others and drank in the blood. After making sure he wouldn't come back, I stood over him and turned to look at Owen. He had a semi fearful expression stuck to his face along with some disgust. The after feeding guilt came back and I stepped away from him. \"You see why I have to go. Bodies will litter this place and it will only be a matter of time before they find me,\" I said softly. His eyes searched mine before he walked forward, stepped over the dead officer and pulled me into a hug. \"My offer still stands,\" he said but his voice was shaken. I rested my chin on his shoulder and smiled. He pulled back to look at me with an unsure half smile. I stared at him before leaning forward slowly and kissed him. He didn't respond and when I pulled back blood covered his lips. I turned to leave but he grabbed my arm. He pulled me back over to him and kissed me this time. This kiss went slightly deeper than any we shared before. I briefly wondered if the blood bothered him because he didn't seem to care at all. When we finally pulled away, I leaned in to lick the blood off his lips. My eyes met his and held. We were still centimeters away so I could still smell the blood on his hand but was afraid that if I tasted his blood I wouldn't be able to stop so I kept some space between us. I took a step away and saw him shudder but his crooked smile kept my hopes up. \"That was…interesting,\" he said breathlessly. I allowed a small smile and took his uninjured hand in mine. I pulled him to the door and he followed me out. I shut it behind us then began climbing the stairs. When we stood outside he turned to me. \"Meet me in my room and bring anything you might need,\" Owen said. \"Ok,\" I replied quietly. He smiled and his hand brushed my jaw reassuringly before jogging to his apartment. I sighed and glanced at the metal snow covered jungle gym. It stood silently in the same place as it had when I first met Owen. I turned away and headed inside. I grabbed a bag and threw in everything I gathered together before the cop intervened, making sure to grab the Rubik's Cube as well. Then I slid open my window and climbed out on the ledge. I looked back once at the room I had for three years-worth of memories. I wouldn't forget. I shut the window and leaped forward. My wings shot out, with less pain than before, to help me make a graceful turn and land effortlessly on Owen's window. They disappeared right before he pushed open the window and invited me in. I hopped into his room silently and set my bag down. \"Look what I found earlier. I forgot I even owned one of these,\" he said as he gestured to a big old steamer trunk in his closet. \"This way you can stay here hidden from the sun. It's far back in the corner of the closet so no one would be any the wiser. I know things may get…dangerous later on but for now you can relax a little,\" he suggested. I examined the trunk and then lifted the top. It was roomy enough to hold me and my belongings. I didn't have much anyways. \"Thank you Owen,\" I said as I turned to him. \"My mom isn't home yet if you want to wash off,\" he offered. I nodded and left to the bathroom. I turned on the sink and rinsed my face and hands. I knew the sun would be up soon so that would have to do. I returned to Owen's room to see him place my bag of things in the trunk. He shut the lid and turned to me. \"Can you lay with me until I fall asleep?\" he asked sheepishly. \"Sure,\" I replied. He pulled off his shirt and pants before climbing into bed. He wasn't even shy when he did so. Being best friends for so long desensitized us to each other with things like that. I had my fair share of Owen without a shirt. I remembered that the previous night he was like this but we were both comfortable. I walked to the side of the bed by the window and pulled off my hoodie and pants before climbing in next to him. He held me close just like before. It didn't take him long to get tired. \"Good morning Abby,\" he said in a half sleepy half playful tone. He smiled and I nudged him. \"Good Night Owen,\" I replied with a small smile. He fell asleep easily after that. I allowed myself to enjoy his embrace longer than before. I was closer to shelter this time so I risked it. Even when the time came for me to seek refuge in the trunk I didn't want to. I kissed Owen on the cheek and got out of the bed. I threw on my clothes, climbed into the trunk, eased the lid closed, and got comfortable. I shaped my bag of mostly clothes into a pillow and then let the sleep take hold of me. I felt safe and more at ease no that I was closer to Owen. I knew he would always be there to take care of me. I may not need protection but for the first time I didn't feel vulnerable when the sun rose.[Chapter 9] I know this chapter may be a little uneventful. I wasn't busy today so I took time to put it up. Hopefully people like this so far. It's almost done so if at all possible could I get a little more reviews? I crave reviews! Please, please, please, pretty please? Well, enjoy! I woke up in an unfamiliar place before remembering I was in the trunk. I listened for a few minutes and then slowly lifted the lid. By my count it was Saturday night and Owen's mom could be around. I peeked out and scanned his room, only finding Owen lying on his stomach asleep in bed. I pushed open the lid and climbed out, then stepped over to the closed door and listened. I heard the TV talking about missing and murdered people on the news. I fine-tuned my ears to try and hear if Owen's mom was home. I could hear her talking on the phone in the kitchen. At least she wasn't drunk yet, her speech sounded clear enough. I turned around to look at Owen and then climbed on his bed. I lied on my side and studied his sleeping form before reaching out and tracing the shape of his face. He took a deep breath and sighed. \"Get a good nap Owen, I'll be here,\" I whispered. I wanted to stay long enough to tell him I was going out, so I rolled on my back and gazed at the ceiling to pass the time. I began wondering what Owen did today seeing as it was the weekend. I suddenly realized that a week already passed by since I was attacked. Owen groaned and stretched next to me. I turned my head to look at him but otherwise stayed still. His eyes opened a crack before flying open when he saw me. He sat up quickly and rubbed his eyes. \"Oh hey Abby; sorry, I was tired. I helped my mom with her errands today. She actually had a lot to do. I'm glad she was even doing something in the first place,\" he explained hastily. \"It's ok Owen slow down, I understand,\" I told him, placing a hand over his to reassure him. I squeezed his hand once before letting go and sliding off the bed. \"Where are you going?\" he questioned. \"Out,\" I replied simply. I padded over to the window and pushed it open. \"I'll be back,\" I said. I didn't turn to look at him and he didn't say anything so I climbed out and jumped. As before, my wings returned to carry me swiftly to the ground. I noticed that it was getting easier to use my strange new abilities. Again, I was amazed that I didn't feel cold at all when I landed lightly in the snow. My wings retracted as soon as I didn't need them and I took off into the night. I was starting to get used to letting myself pick out someone automatically. I opted for a direct attack on a man sitting on a bench in the park. A quick scan of my surrounding told me he was alone. I glanced around once more from my hiding spot up in the tree above him. When I spotted no one I readied myself to jump. The man stood and took one step before I tackled him to the ground. \"What the-\" he managed to say before my teeth found his throat. His scream cut off with a spray of blood across the white snow. I had my fill and continued to my after feeding routine. This time I dragged the body into the trees to better hide it. My senses where constantly on the lookout for anyone as I went. I left in a different route then when I came. I walked quickly back to the complex, absentmindedly wiping my hands on my pants. I was constantly on the lookout for anyone who could cross my path and walked fast. I stopped to hide behind a car when a resident came out of the complex. I waited until the car started up and then drove off before walking into the courtyard. I flew back up to Owen's window and tapped softly on the glass. He looked up from his position on the bed. I slid open the window slowly and watched his expression. He had a small smile when I opened the window. I froze to watch him study me. \"You can come in,\" he said quietly. I stepped in but sat down on the windowsill. \"Are you really not afraid?\" I asked. I was beginning to feel self-conscious. \"Sometimes, when I'm reminded exactly what you are and what you can do,\" he answered honestly. I nodded and looked away. \"That makes sense,\" I said sadly. \"I helped my mother today mostly to prepare myself to leave her. I know she hasn't been the best at times but she still took care of me. I'm pretty sure I still want to go with you though,\" he stated suddenly. \"When do you want to leave?\" I questioned. \"We'll go tomorrow. I told my mom I wanted to see my dad. She said that was fine so I pretended to call him up. I'm going to leave early in the morning. By the time anyone realizes I'm not at his house I will already be long gone hopefully. I know it will hurt her when she finds out but it's the only way. I don't want her to stop me. The police will probably be on to us once I go missing too so we have to get as far away as possible,\" he said, laying down his plan. \"You seem to have it all worked out. So you really are serious,\" I said softly. I finally looked up at him. His expression was conflicted. I stood and slowly walked over to him. \"Owen, you don't have to…\" I began. \"Don't try to put me off anymore. I'm already packed and ready,\" he said with determination. I sighed before walking to the trunk. I opened it and dug around for a change of clothes. \"You can use some of my clothes so you don't have to use yours yet,\" he offered. I smiled and put the clothes back. He rooted in his drawers and pulled out a worn ACDC T-shirt and pajama pants. He set them on the bed and went to the door. I watched him look out before he left. He came back in after a minute. \"My mom is sleeping. You can take a shower if you want,\" he said. \"She won't wake up will she?\" I asked doubtfully. \"No, I'm pretty sure she's used to me taking late showers,\" he replied. He held out the clothes for me to take on the way out. I cautiously snuck into the bathroom and took a quick shower. The clothes were baggy of course but I didn't mind. It reminded me again how much Owen grew. I wore one of his shirts in the past when Kenny splashed me with milk in the cafeteria. He had offered it to me, telling me he kept extras for such an occasion. Back then his shirt was almost the same size as my own. Now it was loose and hung a little lower than before. I tied the string around the waist and rolled up the pants so it wasn't too long. Then I left the bathroom and crept back into his room quietly. I was on the alert for any movement along the way. I pushed open Owen's door and entered, shutting it softly behind me. \"That was quick,\" he commented when I returned. \"Well it doesn't take long to shower. Get in, wash, and get out,\" I replied. I threw my clothes in my bag in the trunk and shut the lid. I sat next to him and leaned on the wall like he was. Our arms brushed and he took my hand in his after a few seconds passed. \"Are you really so ready to leave all that you know behind to be with me?\" I wondered. \"Yes I am. You're still the Abby I know just with a few changes. I care for you all the same,\" he replied. I glanced at him and he smiled. I returned it, hoping he could see I felt better. He studied my face and then reached out to stroke my cheek. \"The moon makes you look paler than you really are. The color almost matches how you looked before,\" he commented. \"Before; what do you mean?\" I asked. \"Well, you kind of changed when you…attacked that cop. Your skin was pale gray and your irises were almost white. Your teeth turned sharp,\" he explained as he touched each part of my face he described. His fingers drifted across my cheek, under my eyes, and then down to linger on my lips before I pulled away. \"That sounds like the last thing I saw when that kid attacked me,\" I replied sadly. \"Don't think about that. I shouldn't have brought it up,\" he said, trying to clear up my brooding. He slid down the wall to lay flat on the bed and then tugged on my hand to get my attention. I looked at him questioningly. He patted the spot next to him so I curled up in the spot he indicated. \"You should get some sleep. You have a long day ahead of you,\" I reminded him. He rolled on his side to face me. \"Abby, did you want me to go with you?\" he questioned suddenly. I looked at him like he was crazy for asking. \"Of course I do. I wouldn't want anyone else to accompany me but you,\" I answered. He grinned and wrapped me in his arms. \"Good morning,\" he said. \"Good night,\" I replied. We stayed like that until he went back to sleep, then I got up to throw on a pair of my jeans. I climbed in the trunk to sleep. It was up to Owen now. The next time I woke up we would be far from here.[Chapter 10] Ok, so this is the last chapter. Sorry to anyone hoping for more. No doubt I might get a new idea somehow but for now it's done. Thanks to every reader and reviewer. Enjoy! When I woke up I couldn't leave the trunk. We were still on the train so it would look weird if I suddenly appeared or was seen. By the time I could get out, it was close to morning so I stayed in. I woke up on a train again. Owen kept me updated through the trunk using Morse code though. I slept through another day and woke up abruptly when I heard arguing. I listened carefully and heard a voice I didn't recognize. \"I asked you to open the trunk,\" the man demanded. \"No, it's my right to refuse,\" Owen retorted. \"Son, we were assigned to find you by your mother. We all know you tried to run away. We just want to make sure you aren't responsible for the activities that occurred recently. Then we will take you home where you belong,\" the man explained. I realized then that we had been caught. A cop was interrogating Owen. \"So I'm a suspect?\" Owen said like it was an accusation. \"Yes, running away caught our attention. Plus, you live right next door to a man and his daughter who both went missing. The staff at your school says you were close to the daughter. An officer went missing when he was assigned to the case as well. We found the body at the complex. We already talked with your mother and she wants you found. Now here we are. I won't ask you again to open the trunk,\" he said with slight irritation in his tone. \"No,\" Owen repeated vehemently. A scuffle was heard then a thud and Owen grunted in pain. The lid was thrown open and artificial light glared in. My eyes fought to stay open; I refused to look away from the officer gawking down at me. I bared my teeth in a growl and launched myself out of the trunk. I grabbed the man and easily threw him down. His head hit the cement, hard. The spilled blood spurred me on and my ignored hunger awakened. \"Abby, don't,\" Owen advised somewhere off to the right. The man under me was trying to pry my hands loose which were slowly tightening around his neck. I lessened my hold but kept my hands where they were. My stomach chose to grumble at that moment. I turned to Owen when I heard him call me. \"Let's just knock him out and run,\" he suggested with some panic. \"No, he will find us again. We have to kill him. No witnesses,\" I snarled, unable to keep my instincts from surfacing. I glared down at the terrified man. Owen looked like he was going to protest but he was cut off. \"Freeze!\" another officer commanded not too far away. I glanced at him but held my ground. I wondered where he came from but then I remembered this cop mentioning he was with someone on the case. This new cop must be his partner. \"Release that officer or I shoot!\" he threatened. His gun was held out and aimed at me, but it shook. I slowly let the cop go and stood. Owen stood up next to me. \"Now, step away,\" he continued to command. We did as we were told. The cop moved to help his companion, all the while trying not to give us his back. I was busy fighting and losing my grip on control. Right when the bleeding cop was on his feet I lost concentration. I pounced on the new cop and bit deeply into his neck. \"Wait, stop!\" Owen cried out. I didn't know who he was talking to but it didn't matter. I looked up in time to see the other cop point his gun and shoot at me but Owen ran in the way. I watched as Owen winced and fell to the ground. His blood reached my nose and I immediately dropped the cop I had attacked. I jumped to my feet and slashed at the other cop's hands. He screamed and dropped the gun. I grabbed him around the neck and threw him to the ground forcefully. I jumped on top of him and latched onto his neck with my teeth. With a swift yank I tore out his throat. I spat out the chunk of flesh and lashed out at his exposed throat. It snapped under the blow. I got up to tear the head off the first cop instead of a simple twist. It pulled free easily with a cracking tear. The spine hung and blood dripped to the pavement below but it didn't tempt me this time. I dropped the head and walked over to Owen. I kneeled next to him and turned his head gently so I could see his face. \"Abby…\" he tried to say but a racking cough made him choke on the blood rising in his throat. I could hear his labored breathing and knew he was hit in the chest. Blood was slowly flowing into his lungs. \"Careful Owen, don't talk,\" I warned him. He smiled and then coughed again, blood leaking out the corner of his mouth. \"I'm so sorry Owen. Hang on, I'll-I'll get you to a hospital or something,\" I said in a panic. I moved to pick him up but he weakly pushed my hands away. \"But-\" I tried to say but he shook his head. He took a rasping breath and grabbed my hand. \"Save me Abby,\" he gasped out. He coughed up more blood and groaned. I looked at him in disbelief. \"You want to…but you can't want that can you?\" I wondered hesitantly. \"If it saves me from leaving you…I'll take it. No matter how bad…it may be,\" he said, cringing once in a while. I didn't stop the tears from falling when I leaned down to kiss him softly. I moved to his shoulder and kissed him there too before baring my teeth and biting him. He flinched but otherwise remained silent. I pulled away and held his head carefully in my hands. I watched as his eyes fluttered closed. \"I'll be there when you wake up,\" I whispered to him. I stood and looked around at the mutilated bodies before picking Owen up and setting him in the trunk along with the backpack he dropped. I picked up the trunk and jogged as fast as I could to find a hiding place. I came across a mortuary and found an old shed on the grounds. I kept a look out for any witnesses while I pried off the lock. It splintered the wood and came loose in my hands. I pushed it open and then slid in the trunk. I squeezed in and shut the door then climbed over the trunk and pushed it back towards the door. It would serve as a bar on the door and stop anyone who could come in. I opened the trunk and leaned the lid against the door behind it. Owen looked like he was sleeping peacefully inside. I noted the healing bite mark on his shoulder. He could wake up at any time so I wanted to be with him when he did. I pulled out his back pack and set it aside. Then I dug under him for my bag. Once those things were out of the way, I climbed in and cuddled next to him. It was a tight fit but I refused to leave his side until he woke up. I reached up and closed the lid in case the sun got through any cracks. I felt tired the longer the minutes wore on and then it was finally morning. I fell into the overwhelming sleep once more, but this time, with Owen by my side. There was something moving against me when I returned to consciousness and I opened my eyes to stare right into Owen's; except they weren't his normal blue. I gasped and he growled. My instincts prickled at the challenge and I had to calm myself down to stay in control for both of us. \"Owen, calm down, it's me. It's just the hunger and instinct to fight, don't let it distract you,\" I warned him. I reached out to touch his face and he grabbed my hand in a vice grip. He tried to attack me the best he could in such a confined space and his assault toppled over the trunk and dumped us on the dirt floor of the shed. The lid swung down but Owen stopped it in mid-motion. He threw it in the other direction and it flew back to thump against the side. He held me down by the neck in a stranglehold. I didn't put up a struggle and let him come around on his own. He took deep breaths and leaned in close to me. I had to admit he smelled different than how he did before but his old scent was still there. He was still my Owen; I only hoped he thought of me the same way. He continued to study me before slowly releasing his hold around my neck. I inhaled instantly and then exhaled slowly. I watched him go from attack mode to normal Owen. He leaned in and pressed his lips against mine suddenly. I allowed myself to enjoy the contact and then pushed him back. He was panting but a big grin was stuck on his face. \"How did you resist this urge all that time Abby? I can sense everything around me and I just want to attack and kill anything that moves,\" he said in restrained hunger. His stomach reflected his words with a deep grumble. \"Listen to me Owen, you have to focus. It's the number one thing that will keep you level headed ok?\" I advised him. He nodded determinedly and kept his gaze steadily on me. I gave him a puzzled expression. \"When I look at you I'm calm,\" he explained. \"Ok, just don't kiss me again or I'll lose my concentration,\" I replied. He smiled but said nothing. My instincts were slowly settling down and judging by Owen's relaxed body, he was too. The threat was gone. \"Get up, we need to find you something,\" I told him with a soft push. He stood the best he could and I followed. He righted the trunk and I handed him our things. He dropped them in and turned to me. \"What about you?\" he asked. I looked away with a frown. \"I-I'll be fine for now. After you were shot I lost all control. I never felt so destructive since I was changed,\" I told him truthfully. He held my hand comfortingly. \"Don't let it get you down,\" he told me. \"Owen, did you really want this or did you want me to kill you? What am I saying? This is death. I didn't save you, I condemned you to a life of murder,\" I said regretfully. I bowed my head and let the guilt have me despite what he said. He raised my head and gazed into my eyes. \"No, this is what I meant. I couldn't bear to leave you Abby. Not when we were about to run off together. At least my human necessities won't hold us back. I asked for this, so don't make yourself believe you forced it on me. I love you Abby; I always have. This doesn't change anything,\" he stated. I looked him straight in the eyes. \"I'm still beyond grateful to have someone like you to spend forever with Owen. I can't think of anyone better. I love you too,\" I responded. He smiled brightly and it raised my spirits higher. \"Mind showing me the ropes?\" he asked me with a playful edge. I shoved him lightly like I did in the past and he responded as always. Together we moved the trunk out of the way and slid it to the back of the shed. We placed various tools on top to help it blend in. The age of its worn surface fit perfectly. He pulled open the door and we exited hand in hand. We found someone without difficulty. Owen easily took him down after we cornered him. The city was different than we were used to but it suited our needs. Owen was feeling better so we began to explore. We always got back to the shed a little earlier than the sun would rise to stay safe. We kept an ear out for any news and moved on when we grew suspicious or the city grew suspicious of us. Each new place we went to filled our needs and we were rarely without a hide out. Sometimes we used hotels and sometimes we used the trunk. No matter where we were, I was happy it was with Owen. The times began to change noticeably and we made an effort to keep up so we could retain our seemingly human guises. But even though the world around us began to change, Owen and I stayed the same in every way. We were just as inseparable as the day we became friends and it would continue that way for all eternity. The story may be done but reviews are still appreciated! Thank you! :) ","Summary":" Hey everybody! I guess with no books to read I kept myself busy with this. I didn't think I would b"},{"Movie":"SWAT","Title":"Gamble Love","Author":"RyansGrl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2577122","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclamer- I only own Riely, nothing else! CM- This is new for me, I usually write Wrestling ff. Just so you know ahead of time Riely is replacing Sanchez! The Bank Riely Carson quietly layed against the wall of the California bank. She held her knee close trying not to show her pain. She looked around waiting , she knew they would be there soon. Thoughts Where the hell are they, come on, I am gonna kill them. End thoughts There they where, Riely watched trying not to draw attention as her close friends came throught a tile in the ceiling. When they positioned themselves correctly Riely gave them the signal 1...2...1 ! Riely watched as the shot was set up trying not to make a sound. Bang! the shot was made, at that moment Riely wanted to pull the gun out of her boot and take out the robbers but knew she couldn't. She carefully moved out of the aqward postion she is and waited for the S.W.A.T officers to clear the place. When the bank was emptied of suvillians and the robbers, Riely tryed to stand up but could't because of the slight damage to her knee. She was about to hit the ground from her loss of balance when from behind her came two S.W.A.T officers who carried her out. LAPD Offices, California Brian Gamble and Jim Street sat outside the office of Captain J. Fuller. While waiting to be evaluated they were approached by fellow officers. \" Good luck in there, \" said one officer. \" Any good officers know what you did out there was right, \" said TJ. Street and Gamble paying some attention responded normally. \" Hey Jim, Hey baby, \" said Reily holding a crutch under one arm. \" Hey Riely, \" said Street. \" Rieles , \" said Gamble grabbing his girlfriend and kissing her affectionately. Riely laughing and finally pulled away, \" Are you ready, \" she asked. \" Always, \" said Gamble. Street gave her a nod. \" Street, Gamble, Carson, get in here, \" said the sergeant. In Fuller's Office \" Do you have any idea what you did, This woman is suing the city for millions, \" Fuller went on rambling, Riely missed most of it. \" Officer Carson, What happened in the bank , \" said Fuller. \" I don't see how that matters Captain, \" said Riely. \" Just answer the question, \" said Fuller. \" During that robbery I was a suvillian so what I saw in there doesn't matter. Because had I been a suvillian what I have to say would be voided, \" said Riely angrily. \" Are you really willing to risk your job just for him, \" said Fuller pointing to Brian ( Gamble ). \" You know what, Fuck You, \" said a pissed off Riely. Unable to take the sight of Fuller, Riely left the office. The Locker Room Riely was sitting down in the Locker Room when she heard an arguement. At first the words where muffled, she moved closer to see. Riely did not like what she saw. \" Fine you wanna sit around here and be Fuller's bitchgo right ahead. Go right on ahead. Cause i can't do it.,\" said Gamble throwing his badge to street. \" You did this to yourself, \" said Street throwing the badge back. Pissed Off Gamble advanced towards Street and said something Riely couldn't hear. By now she didn't know what to think. Then Gamble smashed Street's head against some glass. Riely decided to wait until Gamble was gone to move. After he left she came out from behind the locker and but a cloth to Street's head to stop the bleeding. CM- It's short I know, buthave to make sure someone will read it! So please R&R;[Chapter 2] OTHlover04 - Thanks for reading and reviewing Kim - thanks too CM- Sorry it took so long school is killer these days. The Fight[Chapter 3] C4E- thanks for reveiwing here's the next chapter.[Chapter 4] Hc: I took forever so i apologize for every day it took but here is your update Disclaimer: I only own Riely, nothing else![Chapter 5] Thank You to All of my Reviewers I am so greatful and Sorry it's been for ever since I updated. Riley woke up early the next morning as she loaded her truck preparing for the long day of SWAT trainning. She was pulling out her old training uniform when there was a loud thud on he floor. She bent down to see what is was to be faced by the gold badge inscribed with six painful letters: GAMBLE. ","Summary":" Disclamer- I only own Riely, nothing else! CM- This is new for me, I usually write Wrestling ff. Ju"},{"Movie":"SWAT","Title":"Don't Look Back","Author":"Stormchilde","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3231756","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Don't Look Back Author: Stormchild03 Archive: Yes, just let me know where. Disclaimer: I don't own S.W.A.T. or any of its characters from the movie or the television show. I don't make any money from this, though if you want to pay me, I won't protest. Rating: T13 for adult language Setting/Season: After the movie Spoilers: SWAT – the movie Warnings: Adult language Comments/Feedback: Don't forget to feed the Cat! Summary: Hondo has found a replacement for TJ – Street is not happy with him. A/N: Huge thank you to my beta Elenna of Polished Quill. Thank you for your patience in trying to instill in me the proper use of punctuation. Thanks for encouraging me to write more, this would have ended up as nothing but dialogue if you hadn't been so persistent. If you find any errors, they are mine. Elenna worked hard on this and I may have missed making the corrections she noted. Thanks to the Abilene, Texas Police Department - for letting me put the L.A. SWAT team through your obstacle course. The photographs and descriptions were an immense source of encouragement for the muse. Thank you to the LJ community Ask A Cop - For answering all my silly questions about handguns. Thank you to the yahoo!group Fans of Mark Shera - you encouraged me and gave me plenty of muse food. I haven't abandoned you, I'm just lurking. Ozzy - this one is for you. Get well soon, the police station just isn't the same without The Boss. And for Fwe and Crimson Black Blood – because you inspire me. Shane West would make a perfect Luca. Street was exhausted, and the two cups of coffee he'd already downed on the drive to work were not helping. He hadn't slept well the night before -- for some reason, Errol had been restless, whining and pacing the apartment most of the night, and he was so tired he didn't even notice there was someone else in the locker room until he dropped onto the bench. \"Hey, kid, get outta that,\" Street said irritably. The young man closed the locker with exaggerated care and looked up. \"I'm not a kid. My name is Dominic Luca.\" \"Where's your dad? He know where you are?\" \"I don't need my dad, pops.\" \"Who you calling pops, punk?\" \"Street! Luca! My office, now!\" Hondo commanded from the door. Street watched the younger man quickly follow Hondo across the hall and took his time getting up and heading out of the locker room. Entering the EC room, he stopped just long enough to grab the cup of coffee out of Deacon's hand. \"Hey, that's mine!\" The other man objected. \"Not anymore,\" Street muttered, sipping the hot liquid as he entered the sergeant's office. Hondo closed the door as the other officer joined them, \"This is Jim Street. Jim, I'd like you to meet Dominic Luca; he's replacing TJ.\" \"This Jumpstreet reject is his replacement?\" Street scoffed, taking a long drink from the cup of coffee. \"Who you calling a reject?\" Luca asked, crossing his arms. \"How can he be SWAT?\" Street glared contemptuously at the younger officer. \"He doesn't even look old enough to shave.\" \"Look who's talking, Mr. Stubble.\" Luca retorted and Street slammed the cup down on Hondo's desk. \"That's it, boy!\" Street took a step toward Luca, and Hondo cut in. \"Street, back off!\" \"You can't seriously think this kid can replace TJ.\" Street answered, turning to the sergeant. \"I know twenty-three is young, but he's been deployed on two tours in Iraq. After that, three years with Chicago SWAT with five kills.\" \"Five kills?\" Street protested. \"TJ had seventeen!\" \"Any asshole with a gun can kill,\" Luca shot back fiercely, leaning toward Street as his voice dropped to a chilly, low tone, \"It takes skill not to.\" Street turned back to Luca, snapping, \"Asshole? You're the asshole!\" \"Break it up!\" Hondo glared at both of them. \"I wouldn't have taken him if he wasn't good, Street.\" \"Taken him, huh?\" Street stared at the other man, adding, \"What was it -- adopt a puppy month?\" Luca moved toward Street, raising his fists and yelling, \"I'm gonna mess you up!\" \"Bring it on!\" \"Break it up! Sit, both of you!\" Hondo ordered, stepping between them. He'd guessed that Street would not be pleased with Luca as a replacement, but this was more than he had expected. When they had both settled into the chairs in front of his desk, Hondo settled into his own. \"Luca, your file says you're an excellent shot—98 on the range. Your captain said he hated to lose you.\" \"You sure you got the right guy?\" Luca commented dryly, \"Captain Dobbs and I didn't get along so well.\" \"I've got the right guy,\" Hondo smiled, cocking his head and winking at Street, \"He just said you've got some authority problems.\" \"I don't have a problem; they have a problem.\" \"Yeah, you,\" Street muttered, but Luca said nothing, settling for glaring at the other officer. \"I can see you two are going to get along just beautifully.\" Hondo grinned, rising. \"Let's introduce you to the rest of the team.\" He opened the door and led them out into the EC room, where the rest of the team was finishing reports and filing paperwork. \"That's Deacon Kaye,\" Hondo began, nodding at the tall, muscular black man fixing a cup of coffee. \"Call me Deke,\" he responded, putting down the cup and extending his hand. After Deacon nearly dislocated the newcomer's shoulder just by shaking his hand, Luca exclaimed, \"What the hell do they feed you guys? Raw meat?\" Hondo smiled and Deke laughed. \"Sorry—I haven't had my morning coffee yet.\" He picked up the mug he'd set down, adding, \"and I'm less aggressive after caffeine.\" \"I'll try to remember that,\" Luca said, rubbing his shoulder, and Hondo continued with his introductions. \"The guy with the mustache is Michael Boxer.\" Boxer was gentler in his greeting, but his grey eyes missed nothing, as he looked the younger man over. A quick smile and nod, and Boxer turned his attention back to the paperwork in front of him. \"And last but not least is—\" \"I'm Chris Sanchez,\" she interrupted. \"Welcome to the team.\" Luca nodded and shook her hand, but he didn't miss the warning glance Street gave him when his eyes lingered on Sanchez. \"Assignments for you people; try not to get too excited,\" Hondo said. \"Deke, you and Street get to pick up replacement packs for the gear in the truck. Get a move on -- Sam is double-parked outside. Boxer, qualification rounds on the target range this morning, and Sanchez, I want you to show Luca around, starting with the weapons locker -- which, by the way, needs to be inventoried.\" He grinned at the disappointed reactions. \"Something fun for everyone.\" \"Come on,\" Chris said, taking Luca by the arm. \"You already know where the locker room is, so this is our EC room, and back here is the weapons locker.\"[Chapter 2] Don't Look Back by Stormchilde03 Chapter 2 – Forever Blue Language warning, they have potty mouths and aren't afraid to use them. Thanks to the Abilene Texas Police Department for the use of the obstacle course. Thank you to Elenna of Polished Quill for the excellent beta work. If there are any errors – it's my fault for overlooking her corrections. Thank you to evilkittin and PernDragonrider. I hope I'm keeping you entertained, thank you for your encouragement. By six-thirty the next morning, the team was ready and assembled in the briefing room. Hondo was already there when they arrived, and he looked very unhappy.[Chapter 3] A/N: Thanks again to the most patient beta in the world – Elenna of Polished Quill. If ever you need an awesome beta for anything whatsoever – check out Polished Quill. (I'm not getting paid to advertise the service, she just rocks!) Sorry about the formatting Elenna, it was fine until I posted it here. Pern - You're the BEST! Thanks for the encouragement.[Chapter 4] Many thanks to my beta Elenna of Polished Quill - she's amazing and patient. This one is for you, PernDragonRider. Without your encouragement I'd just quit. Deke had stripped off his shirt, sweat pouring down his muscular torso as he picked up the chunks of concrete and tossed them to the side. There was an intense look of concentration on his face, and his lips were set in a determined line.[Chapter 5] Elenna of Polished Quill – the best beta service ever! PernDragonRider – the best, most encouraging reader ever! Nikki2513 – Thanks for your encouragement, I hope the story measured up to your expectations. Chris is an amazing character and she really belongs with Street. Maybe the muse can be encouraged to write a C/J fic … A/N: I read somewhere someone had said that the truck in the original series looked like a bread truck with lights. The new one certainly can't be described that way. Chapter 5 – All the answers ","Summary":" Title: Don't Look Back Author: Stormchild03 Archive: Yes, just let me know where. Disclaimer: I don"},{"Movie":"Hunger","Title":"Clato and Glarvel","Author":"ClatoxGlarvel","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11005579","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1 Glimmer's POV I heard the songbirds outside my bedroom window. They wake me up every morning peacefully. I sit up, stretch, and get dressed into my training uniform. It's just black yoga pants with a stretchy red t-shirt and my first and last name on the front and back. Glimmer Jewel. It is a pretty plain and boring outfit in my opinion but I don't care about how I look when it comes to training believe it or not. I mean I LOVE looking glamorous 24/7. it's just what I love, but when it comes to training, I just want to be comfortable. Anyways, after I'm dressed, I go to the bathroom and go close up to the mirror to admire my clear face. \"Ah Glimmer, your the most beautiful girl in the world\". I say to myself. I grab my Olay acne cream and scrub my face with it and some water. I don't have any sort of acne on my face, (Thank god), but acne wash is perfect for preventing it. Also lots of water and healthy eating. After that, I got my makeup out. Not only does makeup give me confidence, it is fun to put on. I always experiment with different lipsticks and eye shadows. Have you ever done rainbow smokey eyes with blue lipstick? I definitely would not wear it in public, but in the end, it looks really neat! I have my own makeup account on Instagram and do those little tutorials and videos over really out of this world makeup. I have 24.6k followers! Plus once I win the hunger games, I am sure I will get like 20 times that! I just wear basic makeup out in public, like foundation, mascara, and clear lip gloss. All my makeup is from L'Oreal. It just works best for me. I don't know why but I don't like any other makeup brand. Anyways, that takes me 5 minutes. Next I move on to my hair. I love experimenting with my hair just as much as makeup. I do different kinds of ponytails, braids, and other up dos. That also goes on my Instagram. I sometimes post my makeup and hair stuff on Pinterest to, and my best on Facebook for all my family and friends to see. Anyways, for now, I just put in 2 fishtail braids, which is my favourite basic hair style. It is fun, easy, comfortable, stays out of my face, and suits me. After my hair is done I smile and do a few poses, then I head downstairs. \"Hey everyone I'm off to training.\" I say as I give a nice wave and smile. \"What about breakfast?\" asks my mother \"Oh yeah, thanks for reminding me.\" I love healthy eating. I rarely eat anything unhealthy. I go to the fridge and pack a lunch to eat at the training centre. I pack a green apple (My absolute favourite), a banana, a carrot, cucumber slices, left over garden salad from the night before, a chocolate protein shake, (with only 1 gram of sugar!) and my water bottle and I am off. \"Bye.\" I say as I head out the door. I am a 5 minute walk away from the training centre. I walk there and I think to myself how grateful I am to be in a career district, especially 1. We have everything I need, a training centre, lots of food, nice houses, running water. I smile the whole way there. I also take out my apple and eat the whole thing by the time I am there. When I get to the doors, I throw out my apple core and head to the back where the picnic tables are for lunch. \"May as well sit down here for breakfast\" I say to myself. No one is seated at any of the picnic tables, just how I like it. I like to be quiet and eat rather than be social, which is weird because any other time I am the biggest social butterfly you will meet. I open my lunch bag and eat my banana. Once it is gone, I go on to sip some water and eat my cucumber slices. I love fruits and vegetables like no body else. I drink more water after the cucumber, and pack up and head in. I always eat some in the morning and the rest at lunch. I walk in and put my lunch bag in my personal locker. The training centre is filled today, but then again, it is everyday. The training centre is only open on Saturdays, Sundays, Mondays, and Tuesdays because they still want all of the kids there to get a good education and go to school a few days a week. I do great in school. I get mostly As'. School is easy. I'm 17 so I'm almost finished school. After that, I go to the games, win, and go to college. I want to go and learn how to start up my own beauty company called \"Glamour\". I will have all sorts of makeup, hair and nail products. Maybe, if I am successful enough, I could start selling clothes and making jewellery. Infact, I already do make my own jewellery. I never buy any jewellery. If you ever see me wearing any, I made it. Plus, I am learning how to knit and sew. I will make millions and maybe someday, move to the capitol and even bring my whole family with me. Maybe, even have my beauty company there. I sigh a sigh of happiness thinking about my success. A hunger games victor with her own beauty company. I zone out for a minute but then I snap back into reality when I hear the head trainer start announcing what's happening today. \"Today, you will be learning a new skill today. Preferably a new weapon. One that you know absolutely zip about. There will be a trainer at every station teaching you the proper techniques with it. Ok? Let's get to it.\" Geez, I don't know what weapon I should do. I know mostly every weapon here. Archery is my favourite, not to mention my best. I am also good with kukris, crescent swords, normal swords, and am still working on throwing knives, tomahawks, and cleavers. I could work with throwing knives, but he said something we know nothing about. Maybe an axe? Or dagger tricks? Maybe a cross bow, but if those are ever in the games, it isn't often. I don't know. Suddenly, I see Marvel, my crush walk by with his friends. I for a fact know that he is best with a spear. So if I am good with a spear, it may impress him and make him pay more attention to me and maybe like me. So a spear it is. Most people in this place must be good with spears, because there are not to many other people here. A group of tall muscular guys look down at me and smirk as if I was a gazelle trying to scare or intimidate them and they were big bad lions. I just gave them a dirty look back. \"Ok so you want to get better at spears? Pay close attention and you will be hitting bull's-eyes in no time.\" said the trainer. So he demonstrated how to do it. He showed us how and where to hold a spear and how much force to put on it when we are throwing it and everything like that. After his explanation, we got to each try for ourselves with our own spears and dummy. I hit the edge of the left shoulder the first time, just barely hit it. \"Damn it.\" I say under my breath. Then the next ten times I kept getting the arms and the sides of the stomach. I only completely missed a couple times. Oh well at least I was actually hitting the dummy for the most part. After 10 or so minutes, the trainer helped each of us perfect our skills, told us what to do more of, and told us what to do less of. We practiced there for a good few hours. By the time 4 hours had past, I was hitting lots of almost bulls eyes. I got a couple but not many. Most at least got to the edge of the targets. Still huge improvements from this morning. What are those bitch boys going to say now. After I hit one right square in the head, the boy beside me looked at me in shock. He was short, scrawny, and looked to be about 12. \"Uuuhhhhhh\". He looks at me in shock. Like am I impressing you or something? He kept staring at me. \"What is wrong with you?\" I ask in a snotty tone. \"uuuummmm, do you wanna go out or something?\" he asked in his high pitched little boy voice nervously. \"Um, ok your like 12\" \"11\" He interrupted \"Great, 11, even worse, I am 17, that is a little fucking weird. I said. Everyone spear throwing finally stopped and watched. He started sweating and his face turned as red as a tomato. He look around frantically at everyone staring at him and his walked away quickly. Anyways, after that scene, I went back to doing spears for the next half an hour. It was about 2:30 now. I figured it was time to move on to something new. I walked around to see what there was. I then see marvel over at a survival station, he was practicing complicated ropes. He was also alone, maybe we could get to know each other a little better. I head over to where he is and take the table right next to him. Honestly, I find ropes easy, but maybe I could help him out to. \"Hey Mavel.\" I say. He looks over at me and smiles. \"Oh hey Glimmer, How's it going?\" He says. \"It's going great. I just finished about 4 and half hours over at the spears.\" I tell him. Please be impressed. \"Wow that's a long time. Have you had any experience with spears before that?\" \"No, I haven't even touched a spear before today. They are actually kind of fun.\" I say. \"Yes they very much are. They are my favourite weapon. Well, and my best. So are they easy for you?\" He asks. \"They are kind of hard for me to be honest, but I am getting better. I am at least hitting the edge of the target and not getting way off.\" I say. He chuckles. \"That's good that you are improving.\" He says. \"Thank you.\" I blush a little. Then there is an awkward silence for about a minute until he asks something that made my heart race faster than it ever has before. \"So, you wanna hang out sometime? Like maybe after training?\" He asks kind of nervously. Oh my god. I don't believe he really just asked that. \"Yes I would love to.\" I say with the biggest smile on my face. \"Great. So what time do you normally leave training?\" He asks. Just an FYI, we can leave anytime after 3. The place closes at 6 and we can stay any time after that. \"Just whenever I feel like it. Maybe do you wanna go at 4?\" \"Yeah sounds great.\" He says. We then continue tying ropes and making small talk. I even helped him out a little bit to. We talked about everything from home life to school to past hunger games and even funny stories from when we were little kids. I looked at the clocvk a few hours later and it read 4:06. \"Hey Marvel it is 4 now, you wanna go?\" I ask. \"Yeah sure let's go.\" He says. We walk to my locker and I get my things. Then we go to his locker to get his stuff. \"Well I guess I didn't get to eat my lunch today.\" I say. \"Neither did I.\" He says. \"Wanna go to the picnic tables and finish them?\" He asks. \"Sounds like a good idea.\" I say, and we head over to the picnic tables. Marvel's POV Wow, I have always known Glimmer but never paid much attention to her. How did I not see how beautiful she was. Her golden blonde hair, shimmering green eyes, glowing complexion, and pearly white smile. Not to mention she has a cute voice to. I love her personality the most. She is so nice and outgoing. She is a girl with ambition and loves to learn new things. It is like we were meant for each other. I don't wanna get to a head of myself here. I just wanna become friends first. Then best friends, then maybe we could get married some day. We come to a table and sit down. I take out my cold grilled chicken breast and cold baked potato and chow down. Glimmer starts eating a carrot. I find it cute when girls eat carrots I don't know why. Most of the time we are quiet, but we do make some small talk. \"So, what do you want to do?\" I ask. \"I don't know, maybe, um, go for a walk in the woods?\" She suggests. I love exploring the woods. It will be especially fun with the girl of my dreams. \"Yes, I love walking in the woods.\" I say. \"Great.\" She says. So we walk about 30 minutes until we get to the woods. \"I should have brought my bow and arrows to shoot trees and stuff.\" Says Glimmer. \"Well, that sounds like a good idea for tomorrow.\" I say with a smile. She smiles back and we stare into each other's eyes for a moment. \"So, shall we go in?\" I ask. \"Yes we shall.\" She chuckles. We spend a good hour going around the woods just having fun, not only talking, but finding cool bugs and mushrooms, and we even raced up trees a few times. We made our way to a large creek. \"So you wanna sit down here for a while?\" I ask. \"Yeah sure.\" She replies as she skips a stone into the water. \"See I don't understand how you skip a stone. I have always failed at it as a little kid, and still do.\" I say. \"Oh it's really easy. Just make sure your hand is low enough and kind of flick your arm, like you would your wrist.\" She said. \"Look, like this.\" and gave me a demonstration. Then I tried myself. It didn't work out to well. She made me keep on trying again until I got it. She really pushes you to succeed, I love that in girls. So by the time we are done skipping rocks, I have almost mastered it. Glimmer thinks I'm really good at it. \"So should we head back?\" asks Glimmer. \"Ya sounds good.\" I tell her. So, we make our way back talking and laughing about today. \"Look, I see the edge of the forest, race you to it.\" Laughs Glimmer. \"Ok, go!\" I shout happily. Just as we about there, Glimmer slips backward on a pile of mud. She lets out a quick shriek, and thank god, I am right behind her and caught her, like we were ball dancing or something. I look into her eyes, I am dazed by them. She stares back into mine. We both smile for a second and she lifts herself. \"Well, thanks for saving my ass.\" She chuckles. \"No problem.\" I reply, and we continue our way through the forest. It is so temping to just hold her hand and continue, and maybe even kiss her, but I know it is to early for that. We continue to walk until we are right near the training centre. \"Well, I guess I will see you tomorrow.\" I say. \"Ya, see you tomorrow.\" She says with a grin. We start to head our separate ways, until I remember, I was going to get her number. I wanna text her all night. I have become crazy about her within the past couple of hours. \"Hey Glimmer, I almost forgot, what's your number, I wanna add you on my phone.\" I say running up to her. \"Oh yeah, here, it's 234-555-9067.\" She says cheerfully. \"Thanks. I will text you later.\" I say with a wave. We once again, go our separate ways. I think about her and the day spent with her the whole way home. I can not believe this just happened. I added her number to my phone and text her as soon as I get home. It is about 6:30 by the time I get home. \"Hey Marvel, how was training?\" Asks my mom cheerfully as she comes over and gives me a hug. \"It was great. I learned some stuff with archery and rope tying. I also met someone.\" \"You met someone? Oooh is it a girl?!\" Asks my mom excitedly. \"Well I didn't really just meet her, I have known her for a while but we got talking today and we are pretty good friends now.\" I explain. \"Maybe you could ask her out.\" Says my mom teasingly. She is good at embarrassing me infront of my 19 year old and 12 year old brother. \"Haha I bet she doesn't even like you idiot.\" Laughs Dalton pointing at me. Dalton is my 12 year old brother. He is very immature and whenever anything is brought up about dating, he takes off screaming \"EEWW\". My older brother Jordon on the other hand is a total player. He gets all the girls. Almost every girl we know wants him, even though they know he cheats and uses them for a booty call. They can't resist him. His longest lasting relationship was probably like 7 months, when he actually tried. When mom found out he was dumped because he cheated on his ex, my mom was pretty pissed. She screamed at him that she never raised him to be like this and that she loved him and al that, but he was 17 at the time to, so my age. Now that he is graduated high school, he doesn't get all the ass that he used to. I don't see a bright future for him. \"So what is for supper?\" I ask. \"Roasted potatoes, steak, and green beans.\" Says my mother getting me a plate. \"Thanks mom.\" \"Your welcome hun.\" She says as she hugs me. I hug back. I may be a big tough guy and all but when it comes to being lovable, whether it be with a girl or my mom, I am just a giant friendly teddy bear. I eat quick, very quick and I head to my room right after. I am so excited to text Glimmer. I go in and lie on my bed and quickly get my phone out. \"Hey Glimmer it's Marvel.\" I text. Within the next 2 minutes I get reply. \"Hey Marvellous Marvel (with a little winking emoji).\" \"So, do you want to meet somewhere tomorrow?\" I ask. \"Ya sure, how about at the picnic table where we ate today. Maybe meet there around 10:30?\" She suggests. \"Yes, perfect.\" I reply. WE continue texting for an hour or so until Glimmer has to go look after some errands. She didn't specify, but I am very satisfied with how today went. I am so excited for tomorrow, every time I think of her my heart wants to fly out of my chest.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 Clove's POV I wake up as my ruthless, sadistic, anger filled self. I have always been this way except for angry. My mom left my dad over the summer. It was all about something stupid that happened when I was 5 months old. I am turning 14 in may so this was how many years ago. She also told her mom, which is my nana, about EVERYTHING and they yapped about everything that went on in the house for as long as both my parents have been together. I want to live with my dad but my mother doesn't want me to. She is doing anything and everything to get me back. the court order says I have to live with her but all I do is refuse. No one can make me do anything! We have had peacekeepers come many times to try and take me back with her but I just refuse. Peacekeepers think they are so damn scary but they're not. If I have to go kicking and screaming then so be it. She still lives with her parents and it has been like 9-10 months. Both parents have charges pressed against them so they haven't spoke for such a long time. All this bullshit is driving me insane! I was thinking about suicide because I just want my family back but now I realize it is only making me a stronger, tougher, more ruthless person and I'm proud of it. I have a 4 year old brother named Trevor who is with my mom. He will be turning 5 next month in February. I'm so angry with my mom. I have not seen her for almost a month now, not even on weekends. She never returns me, so, I just end up running away from the training academy or school back home. So yeah, now you know a bit about my life. I go get dressed into my training uniform which is just plain black yoga pants and a blue stretchy t shirt. Then I go put in my contact lenses, wash my face, brush my teeth, and put my hair in a medium 3 'poofball' ponytail. I'm no girly girl but I just like making my own hair styles sometimes. Then, I head out into the living room and tell my dad I am off to training. I live about a 10-15 minute walk away from the training centre. When I arrive, I head to the throwing knives and tomahawks. I practice there for a while. Like maybe 2 hours or so. I love knife throwing with all the different kinds of knives. Some of the knives here are not even throwing knives. Some are kitchen knives, some are hunting knives, but most of them are meant just for throwing. I first learned by using a hunting knife. I hit many bulls eyes. I get the heart, the head, the stomach, the arms and legs. I'm the top knife thrower here. After about 2 hours, I head over to the archery. I don't hit many bulls eyes but I always get close. Archery is my second best weapon. After 2 hours of that, I go to the survival courses. Most of the people here don't use the survival courses because they are stupid. They think they just need weapons. I practice building a fire over 4 times, until, I see a group of boys pointing and laughing at me. \"FUCK YOU!\" I yell at them. That just makes them smirk. So then, I head over to the knives and find one of the 12 inch ones and throw it right at them. They dodged it just in time. It sunk into the wall, probably about 4 inches deep. \"That could have been one of you!\" I shout at them. \"Planted right in your skull!\" Then, one of the boys come walking over to be. He is at least a foot taller than me and is quite muscular but I ain't scared of him. \"You think your so tough little girl don't you?\" says the guy. \"Don't underestimate me dick.\" I say. Ya I have a real big problem with swearing. I do it to much. \"Come here then.\" and within a split second I am off the ground above his head and I knew that my life may or may not end within the next minute. \"CATO, PUT HER DOWN\" I hear a voice scream. Then, he puts me down. \"HAHAHA CATO? WHAT KIND OF STUPID NAME IS THAT!?\" I laugh historically. Then he puts his fist up to me. My body reacts before I know what I'm even doing. When I finally realize what I'm doing, I gasp and am in fear when I see my dagger I always keep with me gone right through his hand! OH SHIT! I think. I'm so retarded. He will take my dagger and slit my throat. Instead, he just screams in pain. Many of the trainers come to help. \"YOU MOTHERFUCKER!\" he screams at me. He pulls the dagger out of his hand and chases me out of the training academy. Luckily, I am VERY fast. I was born a naturally fast runner. With all of the adrenaline rushing through me and knowing that I could die if I go to slow, I'm twice as fats as normal. I have never ran faster. I run all the way until I get home. I am finally in my home, just gasping for air. \"Clove what the hell is going on?\" asks my dad. Oh great here we go. He will take things over the top with this one. \"Some guys were making fun of me at the training centre so I threw I knife at them and then one of them came over and was about to throw me across the room and then was told to put me down and then I made fun of his stupid name and he was about to punch me so I stabbed him in the hand and got chased home by him.\" I said it so fast and ended it all with an attempt at an innocent smile. \"oh my god, WHAT THE FUCK!? CLOVE GIVE ME YOUR IPAD YOUR GROUNDED!\" Ya believe it or not, we have that kind of technology here. Only districts 1,2,3 and,4 have this kind of technology. I booked it to my room, took it, and ran back to the training centre. Last place you would expect me to go. Well at least dad won't find me there and take my iPad. Plus I want my dagger back. So when I arrive there, I see larger pool of blood in the middle of the floor and see the kid with the stupid name receiving medical attention. Everyone's eyes are now on me as soon as I walk him. Well what the fuck are you looking at? I think to myself. I walk over slowly and ask for the dagger back. \"Don't bother coming back for the next 3 weeks Clove, your suspended.\" \"You want to be my next victim?\" I ask. I don't get a response. \"That's what I thought. You will see me tomorrow.\" I say and walk back home hoping that dad was calmed down.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 Cato's POV Clove. So that is the little shit's name. I am still in a lot of pain but not as much as the second the dagger went right through me. She looked to be about my age. Damn, she has some real issues. I think to myself about that Clove girl the whole time they have been treating me. About an hour or so later, I am all stitched up and told to go home. They said don't come back until your hand is healed so you don't hurt it more. Screw that. Training is my life. I don't have time for this. I need to train. I'm volunteering when I'm 16 so that is about 2 years away. So once I am done, I head back home to my mom, dad, and younger sister. When I get there the family just sits silently and looks at me. \"Cato what happened to your hand?\" asks my dad in a calm voice but I can tell he is hiding his anger. \"A girl was in the survival courses which in my opinion, is very weak, and my friends and I started laughing at her and then she threw a knife at us. Then, I walk over to her, pick her up and was about to throw her across the room but then I got stopped. After that she said my name was stupid, I was about to punch her, and then she stabbed me in the hand with her dagger.\" My sister just smirked but I ignored it. \"Cato what the hell is wrong with you.\" My mom says in a tiredish tone. \"Everything.\" I reply sarcastically. Then, I just head to my room. The day was tiring, so I just went to bed. I wake up the next day with my hand feeling a lot better. I get dressed into my uniform, brushed my teeth, washed my face, grabbed a banana, and I'm off to training. I am the first one there, as usual. I go to the swords and slice the heads off 4 dummies in a split second. I do this over for a few minutes. Then I go to the knife throwing section. I know that Clove chick will see me here but I don't care. I'm pretty good with knife throwing. Only half the time I get bulls eyes but any other time it is pretty close. I use knives for about 45 minutes. Then, I start using tomahawks. After 5 minutes of those, I see Clove walk in. She doesn't notice me. She comes over right beside me. Then, she looks up and sees it is me. I pretend that she isn't there but out of the corner of my eye, I see her giving me the death glare. Then she walks away to the bow and arrows. Wow. She hates me. I should be the one giving her the death glare after what she did to my hand. I can't help but to watch. She is pretty good. She hits dummy after dummy after dummy, almost all of them in the bulleyes. She was very quick. I spent more time throwing knives and tomahawks. Finally, after an hour or so, she walks over right beside me to throw some knives as well. She doesn't say a word to me nor does she even look at me. Shouldn't she be scared of me? After a couple minutes, she finally says something. \"So you throw knives?\" she asks in disgust. \"Yeah I do actually. Problem?\" I reply. \"Well there sure was a problem yesterday.\" she said \"We were only kidding.\" I said \"And you must have been kidding when you were about to throw me across the room and punch me?\" she says still keeping her cool. \"I guess you were joking about stabbing me in he hand as well.\" \"You should have seen yourself. Screaming in pain like a pathetic little girl.\" she says with attitude. Wow just by her tone and the things she says. A ruthless, sadistic, arrogant, defiant girl. She won't take your bullshit. I love tough girls like that. \"Whatever Clover.\" I say with attitude myself. \"Fuck off bitch.\" she says. \"Someone's mad.\" I say \"Yeah, your asshole is.\" she replies. I suddenly burst out laughing. Wow that was funny. I don't care if she stabbed my hand she is great. I like her. WAIT. What am I thinking? I don't need a girlfriend. Whatever forget it. Clove's POV Wow this guy is retarded. He needs to get a life! Your asshole is what the hell? So, we continue throwing knives in silence. He isn't bad. But I don't care, I'm better anyways. I kinda hope to go to the hunger games with him so I can kill him painfully and slowly. Meh, doesn't matter, as long as he dies. We continue throwing knives throughout the day. Doesn't he have anything better to do? Why would he stick around here, soon, I use the tomahawks. We both do that in silence the whole day. When it's time to go home, I get my things and hear him say something. He kind of like, whispered it but I know I'm not supposed to hear it. \"What?\" I ask. \"Nothing.\" he says. \"I heard you say something.\" I say annoyed. \"What do you care?\" He asks. \"Your mom's ass cares.\" He gives a little chuckle. \"You think you're so tough Clover.\" \"That's not my name, Nato.\" I say really annoyed now. \"Well see you tomorrow.\" says Cato in a sarcastically cheerful voice. What a jag off. So I have all my stuff and make my way home. Cato's POV I can't stop thinking about her. I don't wanna face it, but I think I like her. Why? I mean she's smart, tough, talented with weapons, and hot, but, I never have needed a girlfriend even though I have had 2 before. I don't know what's wrong with me. I think about her the whole day. At the dinner table, I am very quiet. She's all I can think about. I'm trying to figure out whether I like her or not. \"Why so quiet?\" asks my dad. \"Why do you care.\" I ask. \"Because you are never this quiet,, and you are my son, so I just wanna make sure everything is ok.\" \"I'm fine dad.\" I say. Then, I go back to eating dinner. After dinner, I go to my room on my phone and researched how to tell if you like a girl and things like that. I had finally come to the conclusion that I do like her.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4 Marvel's POV I wake up very excited. Maybe to excited. I spring out of bed and quickly get dressed, brush my teeth, and wash my face. I'm excited to see Glimmer today. I still think of how I responded to her after our walk yesterday. It sounded... weird. I don't know. 'Yes, I would like to go out with you.' I don't know. She liked the answer anyways. I'm out the door in such a rush, I forget to say goodbye to everyone. Oh well. I fast walk to the training centre. I go work with the tomahawks for a little while. I can throw tomahawks but I have trouble with the knives. I don't know why. I mean, I'm ok with them. I just don't hit the target most of the time. I love tomahawks. They are cool, but spears are my favorite weapon and my best. I use all kinds of tomahawks. All different shapes and sizes. Some were just basic little axes and others were more modern looking. They were very fancy. I get mostly bulls eyes. I throw tomahawks for a good 15 minutes, then, Glimmer walks in. I wanna rush over to her but we just met like yesterday. So, I normally walk over to her holding in all of my excitement. \"Hey Glimmer.\" I say. \"Hi Marvel.\" she says back. We have a little awkward moment were we both stare at each other's eyes. Her eyes are so beautiful. Everything about her is. Her eyes, her hair, her smile, even her name. \"So, you wanna go practice with spears together?\" I ask. \"Ya I would love to.\" She says. Then, we walk over to the spears together. I notice a few guys looking at her. They need to back the hell off or they will get a tomahawk to the head. Once we get to the spears, we practice in silence together for a while until I finally break the silence and ask \"So about dating.\" she quickly jerked her head over to me as soon as I said that. She likes me I totally know it. \"Um, do you maybe wanna go somewhere tonight?\" I ask. That one took a lot of balls even though she is easy going and it's obvious that she likes me. \"Yes. Let's go tonight. Where will we go?\" She asks. \"I don't know. Maybe we could discuss that right now.\" I say. \"Ok, maybe... a movie, or dinner, or a walk.\" She says. \"YOU'RE A GENIUS.\" I say excitedly. \"We can go out for dinner, go see a movie, and then go for a walk.\" I say. \"Great. sounds really fun.\" She says in an excited voice. I never thought I would get a girlfriend. The girls in 1 all want strong, tough, and hot guys. I am strong and tough, in fact the best in the academy, just not the most attractive. We practice together for a little more time and then agree to move on to the bow and arrows. She taught me some cool tricks with them, like how to shoot one behind your head and shoot 2 at once! It was fun. We practiced that until the end of the day. When it was time to go, we looked at each other nervously. We knew it was time for the date. I got out my phone and texted my parents I was going out and she did the same. \"So, where do you wanna go for dinner?\" I ask kind of nervously. \"I'm not sure. Somewhere with delicious healthy food.\" She replied. We both thought for a moment. \"How about Boston Pizza.\" She said. \"They have great salads and nachos there. \"Yes good idea. I love Boston Pizza .\" I say back. So we make our way to Boston Pizza. We go through the duck park. \"So the hunger games is coming up in a few days. I'm volunteering.\" Glimmer just come out randomly and said that. \"Wait what? Really?\" I say kind of nervous. I know she will win. She is very smart and very strong, but something unexpected could happen. Something that she can't help. Like one of the tributes from 2 kill the others in their sleep or something. \"You sound nervous.\" She says. \"Well you know, I'm worried about you. I mean you will probably the highest chance of winning, but you never know what would happen. One of your allies could kill you in your sleep. \"Please Marvel, I would be the ally to kill you in your sleep.\" She said in a joking tone. \" fake a chuckle. \"So next year, the 75th games is going to be the 3rd quarter quell. I wonder what it will be. I probably have to volunteer for it if I want to go to the games. It will be my last chance. \"I know you can win it.\" She said. \"It will be extra special if you win the quarter quell because they are like, 2 or 3 times more dangerous than the regular games.\" She said. I gave her a smile. I didn't know what else to say. She smiled back. Our eyes lock. I love starring at her beautiful emerald eyes so much. I wonder if she likes my duller green eyes. Doesn't matter. \"Your eyes are so beautiful.\" I tell her. \"I love pretty, tough, blonde girls with shimmering green eyes.\" After that, she says nothing and hugs me very tightly. I hug back. It has felt like we have known each other forever and have been boyfriend girlfriend for a long time even though we just met a few days ago. \"Shall we continue?\" I ask. \"Yes, we shall.\" She replies. So in a few more minutes, I think I feel her hand getting a little closer to mine. I think she wants to hold my hand! Wow. So I grab hers and entwine our fingers together. She looks up at me quite surprised, but then I see a smile spread across her face. We continue the walk in silence until we get to Boston Pizza. As we are entering I feel her stop \"Oh shit.\" She says. \"What's wrong?\" I ask. \"That's my ex boyfriend Randy. He has like, mental issues or something. Like anger issues. He also gets real jealous, real easy.\" Where?\" I ask. \"Over there.\" She points to the guy handing mints to people leaving. \"What a whimp. He doesn't look that scary.\" I say in a tough tone. \"Oh but he is. When he is twice the size of you and has given you a black eye before, he is pretty scary.\" She says \"He gave you a black eye?!\" I ask in shock. After he hears that, he immediately turns his head our way. \"Shit, he sees me. I will discuss it with you at the table.\" She says. We walk to the dude who gives us the table and we are about to ask for one until... \"Well well well, thought I would never see you again. OH! And you have a new little, friend with you too. I am also glad to see your black eye is all better.\" \"What the fuck?\" I say. \"Randy shut up and go away. We are here to eat, not to be bothered by you.\" Says Glimmer in an annoyed tone. Then, he gets uncomfortably close to her ear with a creepy ass smirk on his face. \"I suggest you shut the hell up before you get another one.\" He whispered it but I sure as hell heard it. \"HEY YOU STUPID MOTHERFUCKER!\" and I punched him right on the spot. He fell back right on his behind. His face went steaming red. I don't know whether it was from embarrassment or anger. Probably both. He hopped right back on his feet and threw a punch right at my face but I grabbed his fist in time, twisted his arm back which made him turn around, and kicked him right in his candy ass and fell to the floor once again. \"AAAHHHH!\" His voice was filled with rage. I picked him up to his feet by his shirt. Then, I lifted him off the ground by the neck and said through my gritted teeth... \"You lay one finger on her and your dick will be turned inside out you got it!?\" Then, I threw him to the ground. I grabbed Glimmer's hand and started to walk out casually. \"Let's go babe.\" I say. We walk in silence until we are far enough away from the restaurant.[Chapter 5] Chapter 5 Glimmer's POV \"Holy Jesus Christ Marvel.\" I say in shock \"Yes? I'm not the Mr. nice guy you probably think I am.\" He says as he claims my lips. I kiss back. Ok he really likes me. Like, more than I thought. He beats the shit out of my ex and threatens to do worse because he was being a dick, he called me babe, and he just kissed me! Wow I have never been more excited in my life! He leans close to my ear and says \"I love you.\" \"I love you to.\" I say back and he kisses me once again. After a few wonderful moments of kissing him, I feel kind of bad. I don't know why. I guess it is because the date didn't go exactly as planned. \"So I guess the date didn't go exactly as planned.\" \"Of course it didn't. It was even better than I thought.\" He says with a big innocent smile on his face. I smile back. \"So, you wanna go for another walk before the movie?\" He asks. \"Sure. But wait. What movie are we going to go see? I ask. \"I don't know. Maybe Taken 3?\" \"YES! I love that movie series.\" I say with excitement. \"Me too.\" He says. So we continue our walk. We talk about movies, the hunger games, fights we have gotten into, and other stupid stuff like that. We get along so well. We agree on everything, we have the same interests, our personalities are so much a like. He is the one. I wonder if he thinks the same about me. We continue walking and talking about everything until we get to the movies. \"Hello. What movie will you be seeing tonight?\" The movie girl asks us. She has lots of freckles and pretty long red/orange hair. She is slightly shorter than I am. I recognize her. \"Taken 3.\" He says. \"Ok that is $8 each please.\" She says. So Marvel pays her the 16 dollars and we go to the snack bar. \"You know I am paying you back for everything right?\" I say \"What? No you ain't\" He says. \"Yes I am.\" He ignores my comment and moves on to something else. \"So what do you want to eat?\" He asks. \"Maybe a medium popcorn and a medium Pepsi.\" I say. \"Ok I will get you that.\" \"I'm still paying you back.\" I whisper to myself but Marvel somehow, with his hawk ears, hears me. \"No you're not.\" he says. He looks at me with a series look on his face. Whatever. I will pay him back whether he likes it or not. I am not a money hungry asshole. \"Hi, I will have 2 medium extra buttered popcorns, 2 medium pepsis', and a box of fuzzy peaches.\" He orders the man. He gets the food for us in silence. The only thing he says to us is the total. It was 25.87. I will just pay him back everything. My family is very wealthy. Well, I'm sure most people are in district 1. So we get the food and head into the room where the movie is playing. Once we sit down, Marvel asks to take a selfie with me. \"Ok.\" I say. Then, He presses his lips on my and takes the picture. He kisses me again. He is totally obsessed over me. I love it. \"You don't mind if I post it to Instagram do you? \"No, go ahead.\" I say with a bit of surprise in my voice. \"Having a good time at the movies with my girlfriend. Hashtag taken3. and, post\" \"Marvel? I ask. \"Yes?\" He says. There is a little awkward silence there for a minute I didn't know what to say. \"So are we like, officially boyfriend girlfriend?\" I ask nervously. \"I guess. If we both agree. I think we are. What about you?\" he asks. He asks such uncomfortable questions. \"Ya I think we are.\" I say. \"Prove it.\" He says. \"What? How?\" I ask confused and that is when he leaned in and kissed me again. I kissed back. He leaned in a bit more putting his hands on my shoulders. After a few moments, we break the kiss to breathe. \"This has been the best night of my life.\" \"Same here\" He says. \"So what do you wanna do tomorrow?\" I ask. \"I don't know. Maybe try to go to a restaurant again.\" He says. \"Ok. And if someone tries to hurt me again?\" \"Don't worry, this time I will turn their dick inside out.\" \"Marvel.\" I whisper with surprise in my voice and give him a friendly hit on the arm. The trailers then come on. After them, the movie finally starts. \"Oh I forgot, these are for us to share.\" he says opening the box of fuzzy peaches. I figured it was my turn to kiss him. So I do, as a way to say thank you. Then, we hold hands throughout the whole movie. I got a little tired, and rested my head on his shoulder. When the movie was over, we got up and gathered all of our things. Pretty well all of the food was eaten. \"That movie was great\" Says Marvel with a smile on his face. \"I agree. It was great.\" We get out and start walking. \"Hey, you wanna crash at my place tonight?\" asks Marvel. That was right out of the blue. He wants me to stay the night. I have a weird feeling now. Does he really love or does he just want me for my body? \"Sure. I will text my mom.\" I have a weird feeling. It is really weird. I don't know. Should I still trust him. I should have denied. He only wants me for my body, not me! I can't be this stupid. I liked him for the longest time. This is what I wanted and now I can't trust him. What the hell is wrong with me. Maybe I will just go with it and see what happened. \"Ok she said that is fine.\" I say. I am nervous. The closer we get to his house, the more nervous I get. I love him, I really do, I just don't want my heart broken. We soon get up to the front step and he opens the door for me. He has a very nice house. Not as big as mine but there still isn't to much of a size difference. \"Where are your parents? I ask. \"Not home.\" he replies. Oh shit. Of course they aren't \"They went to a casino and won't be home until 1 in the morning. They wouldn't mind if you stayed over, even though they don't know you yet. Do you want a grand tour of the house?\" He asks. \"Sure.\" I say still nervous. He shows me all around the house. The living room is very nice with a big flat screen TV and a few pictures hanging on the wall. Next, we go to the kitchen. It is gorgeous. It has marble counter tops, a sparkly fridge, dark brown mahogany cupboards. \"You have a nice kitchen.\" I say. \"Thanks.\" he says. Then, we move on to the rest of the house. We see the bathrooms, the basement, his parents bedroom, the guest bedroom and his bedroom. When he is showing me the guest bedroom, I ask \"So is this where I am sleeping tonight?\" I ask. \"Nope.\" he says and leads me to the next room which must be his bedroom. \"This is where you are sleeping. He goes and lifts up the covers for me to get in. So, I go get in and he cuddles up right next to me. I'm so nervous right now. He plants a kiss on my lips. I give him one back. The whole night is filled with cuddles and kisses. He doesn't do or ask anything stupid the whole night. I guess I really can trust him.[Chapter 6] Chapter 6 Clove's POV I woke up really sad this morning. I had a dream my family was all together again. I'm not one to cry but if it is this, I get angry and sad. Despite being angry with my mom for leaving dad, I still miss her. I feel a few teardrops slide down my cheeks. I just lie there for a few minutes. Then, I had an idea! I will volunteer for the games this year and no one will have any idea until the reaping. I'm only 14 but I'm really good. When I go up to the stage, I will announce it. If I don't find out my family is back together, don't except me back from the games. This is perfect! I Spring out of bed and get dressed. Then, I run to the bathroom to brush my teeth, wash my face, and put my hair in a ponytail and rush out. I don't even remember breakfast. I run to the training centre and get there in about 5 minutes. I need to get as much training in as I can before the games. As I enter pretending not to be excited. I practiced first with some survival courses. After about an hour of those, I did some archery for another hour. Then, I asked one of the trainers to teach me some tricks with a kukri. I did that for a good hour and a half. I'm pretty good with them now. After a while, I see Cato at the survival stations! I have to go say something mean. I walk over with my hands in my pockets really excited to say it. \"So who's the weak one now?\" He turns and glares at me. \"What do you care?\" He says annoyed. \"What did you care when you saw me here for the first time?\" Ha! now there is no come back for that one. He chuckles and gets to his feet. \"Come at me tough girl.\" He says. I don't know what to say to that, so I just punched him in the gut. \"You're cute.\" he says. \"Eww da fuq?\" I say. \"You are cute.\" He says again. \"Back the fuck up or I will kill your family.\" I said. \"Already killed yours, in fact, I did your mom before I killed her.\" He said. Right after he made the comment about my mom, I just lost it. \"YOU MOTHER FUCKING SON OF A BITCH!\" I screamed. I pushed him against the wall and held a knife horizontally to his throat. \"SAY IT AGAIN BITCH, SAY IT AGAIN! I DARE YOU!\" \"Who calm down\" He says calmly. \"It was just a joke.\" I took the knife from this throat and walked away very angry. I left the training centre with my head tilted down slightly with tears starting to roll down my cheeks. Not because he insulted my mom, but because I miss her so much. He just brought back the memory of her living at home with us. Fuck sometimes I just wanna die. When I'm a few meters away from the training centre, I hear the door open and shut. Then, footsteps running toward me. Better not be Cato. I will stab his heart right here and now. \"Hey, what's wrong. It was only a joke.\" I walk in silence still with him following me. \"Clove, are you ok? It was just a joke.\" He still tries to get my attention. \"Hey I'm talking to you! What the hell is wrong with you?!\" \"MAYBE BECAUSE I DON'T GET TO SEE MY MOM ANYMORE AND I WANNA FUCKING KILL MYSELF! YOUR FUCKING COMMENT DIDN'T HELP!\" I full out scream at him. Then I start running until I get home. I go into my room and start crying my eyes out. I hate this so much. I miss my family so much! Suddenly, my door opens quickly. \"Clove what's wrong?\" My dad asks \"I WANT MY FUCKING FAMILY BACK!\" I scream. \"Look, your mom and I are not getting back together.\" he says \"OH BUT YOU DAMN WELL ARE!\" I shout as I hold my knife to his throat. He takes my knife and sets it down. \"No, we aren't.\" He says. I don't say anything after. I just flip him off. \"Can we knock off the swearing.\" he says quite annoyed. \"I'm going to have a nap.\" I say. \"Ok, talk to me if you need me anytime.\" He says. \"Ok.\" I say. Then, he walks out. I start to fall asleep just thinking about what Cato said to me and how pissed off I am. Just as I start dreaming, my door opens. \"Clove someone is at the door to see you.\" As soon as he says that, I know it must be Cato. Who else? All of my friends call if they ever wanna hang out. Besides, all my friends are at school and don't go to training academies and they would think I'm training right now. I get up and make my way to the door. What do you know!? It's Cato. \"Hey, can I talk to you out here for a minute?\" he asks \"Sure.\" I say. And I walk out. I only said sure because I didn't wanna explain everything to dad and he would probably think I'm a douchebag. Dad goes back in the house and we sit on the porch step. \"How do you know where I live?\" I ask. \"I followed you. I wanna make sure everything is ok.\" I chuckle because that is the stupidest thing I have ever heard. \"Why do you care? We hate each other.\" I say. \"I don't hate you. I really like you. I think we could become friends.\" Then, there is an awkward silence there for a minute. \"Why do you like me? What have I ever done to make you like me?\" \"I don't know. I just like people like you. Let's just be nice to each other. I'm sure you would like me if you got to know me to.\" He says. \"Sure, I guess we could be friends. \" I say. \"Ok, cool. You maybe wanna train together tomorrow?\" \"Sure. That would be cool.\" I say. He sat there and starred at me for a moment and snapped out of it after. \"So I just wanna know if your ok. What did you get so upset about earlier?\" He asked \"My mom left my dad over the summer. I have been so angry with her for leaving him since. The court says I am supposed to live with my mom, but I don't want to. I get along better with dad. I still love my mom. I miss her so much. I just want my family back.\" I explain trying not to tear up. A look of sadness spreads across his face. He feels bad for me. \"Clove I'm really sorry.\" He says and gives me a hug. I can't help but to hug back. He made me feel, warm inside, and loved, not that we love each other. After the hug he asks me to do something with him after training tomorrow. \"Sure.\" I Say. \"But what do you wanna do.\" \"I don't know. Maybe get some pitas from pita pit and go to my place and watch a movie.\" he says. This sounds kind of like a date but whatever. I love pitas and movies. \"Yeah that sounds great.\" I say. \"What will we watch?\" I ask \"I don't know. What kind of movies do you like?\" He asks. \"I like mos kinds of movies but mostly comedy, action, and horror.\" I reply. \"Ok, maybe Halloween or Saw?\" He suggests \"Yes! Perfect!\" I say. \"Alright. Sounds good. I gotta get going now. See you tomorrow.\" He says. \"Ok see ya.\" and I wave goodbye.[Chapter 7] Chapter 7 Cato's POV I make m way home with thoughts just flooding my mind. Does she like me back? Does she still hate me? Is she thinking about me right now still? These are all questions that will probably be answered tomorrow. I think about watching a movie with her tomorrow. Just the two of us, sitting on the couch, watching a horror movie, with her head on my shoulder cuddling up to me. My stomach turns at the thought. I'm so nervous. Anything could go wrong. What if I slip and fall and look retarded? What if I accidentally insult her mom again? I don't know. Those are all little things that are likely not to happen. I bet she is just as nervous as I am. I make it home in a few minutes. \"Hello honey how was your day?\" asks my mom as I walk in the door. \"Great.\" I say with a smile as I head upstairs. I am to nervous to eat supper. I am so excited for tomorrow. I just sit on my bed and think for a few minutes. Then, I check out Instagram for fun. I am on it for an hour or so. My dad walks in. \"You missed supper you know.\" He says. \"Yeah I know, I just wasn't hungry.\" \"Ok.\" He says and shuts the door. I feel like there is so much planning to do, but, what is there to plan? My little sister is going to a sleepover party thing with her friends and mom and dad are going on a little business trip to district 1 for a few nights. Tomorrow I hope Clove wants to hang out with me during training. I will go up to her and ask. What if she says no? I'm screwed then. Well, I don't think she would say no. I mean, if she didn't say no to our little 'date' then why would she say no to training with me tomorrow? I go back on my phone and just try to get my mind off of it. Soon, I brush my teeth, slip into my pajamas, and go to sleep. The next day I rise bright and early. I get my uniform on, wash my face, eat breakfast, brush my teeth and go for training. I'm so nervous. I think about her the whole way. When I get there, I don't see her. What if she doesn't show up?! Maybe I will just go pass some time at the swords. I slash heads and arms off of multiple dummies. I love swords. They are so fun and it pays to be good with them. After about a half hour at them, I hear someone walk up behind me. \"Hey Cato.\" I whip around. It's Clove. Hey babe, I think to myself. \"Hi Clove. So you able to hang out tonight?\" I ask. \"Yup. I'm really excited it sounds fun.\" I am so happy with that reply. \"Great. So, you wanna practice together today?\" I ask \"Yeah sure sounds fun.\" She says with a smile. I don't think I have ever seen her smile. She's to tough to smile. \"Maybe you could teach me how to use a sword.\" She says. Oh my fricken god! She wants me to teach her how to use a sword! \"Yeah sounds good.\" I say. I get a beginner sword for her and teach her all about being quick, slashing multiple people's heads off within seconds, and things like that. She is pretty good for a beginner but she does need some work. She seems to be enjoying swords. After an hour or so of doing that, she suggests the survival skills. I agree. We walk over there. \"Do you know how to make snares? Or build a shelter?\" She asks. \"Nope.\" I reply. \"Survival skills are very important. I wouldn't dare enter the games without them. You should learn them to.\" She says. \"I teach you how to use swords and you teach me some survival skills. That sounds good.\" I say. We first start off with snares. She taught me 4 different kinds of snare traps within 1 hour. They are really useful whether it be killing a tribute or an animal for food. I'm pretty good at it. They are pretty fun as well so I will keep working at them. Next she teaches me how to make 2 different kinds of shelters using just branches and leaves. This doesn't take as long. Maybe 45 minutes. They are really good. They protect you from rain and other different kinds of uninvited weather. It's also good for keeping you hidden if you have enough leaves covering it. \"Well that was fun. We both learned something new today.\" Says Clove. \"Yup. The survival skills are very important. Now I have a better chance of winning the hunger games. \"So do I now that I know how to use a sword.\" Says Clove. The rest of the day, we practiced knife and tomahawk throwing, used the swords a little more, and went to the survival stations. We did more snares, shelters, building a fire, and purifying water by boiling it. It's 3 times more fun training with someone than training alone. You have someone to talk to and can help each other with your weak areas. It really is fun. The buzzer soon goes off to let us know that it is time to go home. Clove and I get up. \"So, you wanna go get those pitas now?\" She asks. \"Yes please. I'm hungry. You'll pay for it all right?\" I ask. She shoots an annoyed look at me. \"I'm just kidding. I will pay for yours too.\" I says. \"No Cato I'm paying for my own.\" \"Whatever the lady wants.\" I say. We head on over to pita pit. It isn't to far of a walk. I smell the pitas and get really hungry. No surprise. \"Hi can I take your order?\" Says the lady. \"I'll have a chicken pita please.\" I say. \"I'll have a garden pita please.\" Says Clove. \"You gotta eat your meat Clove.\" I say jokingly. \"I'm vegetarian.\" She says. \"Oh.\" I say and say no more about it. We get our receipts and go order what we want on them. I get lettuce, onion, pickles, banana peppers, olive, tomato, taziki sauce, cheese, light mayo, and honey mustard. Clove gets lettuce, pickles, banana peppers, jalapeños, taziki sauce, extra cheese, mayo, and mustard. We both get them toasted. \"Thanks.\" I say to the lady, and we walk to my house. We talk the whole way about fast food, training today, and movies. When we walk in, there is no one home, perfect. Just how I want it. I lead her to the couch. \"So which Saw do you wanna watch?\" I ask. \"How about the final chapter.\" She says. \"Yes I love that one.\" I say and I put the disk in the disk tray. I feel butterflies in my stomach. I can't wait to start this little date with her. The movie has started and I go to the couch and sit close to her. We both dig into our own pitas. \"The lead singer from my favourite band is in this movie. Chester Bennington. He is from Linkin Park. He plays the guy glued to the seat. Says Clove. Wow she likes Linkin Park to?! This is great. \"Linkin Park? I didn't know you liked them to.\" I say. \"Wow cool we both like the same music. Not one of my friends at school has the same music taste as me.\" Says Clove. \"Well now you do have a friend with the same music taste as you.\" I say. She looks up at me and smiles. I see the happiness in her eyes. I bet she does like me. We watch the rest of the movie in silence but about half way through, I feel her head laying on my shoulder. I want to put my arm around her but what if she gets all weirded out or something. Well, she put her head on my shoulder and life is all about taking chances right. When the movie is over, I whisper her name. No response. She fell asleep on my arm. Fuck it. I lay down and put her right at my side on the couch, and fall asleep for the night.[Chapter 8] Chapter 8 Glimmer's POV I wake up with big warm arms wrapped around me, and my head on someone's chest. It takes me a moment to remember where I am. I am at Marvel's house, in his bed with him, cuddling up to him. He hasn't asked to do anything weird, so that's is a good sign. I feel him move. I look up to him and see him looking at me. He plants a light kiss on my forehead. \"Hey baby.\" he says. I smile and say hi back. \"We better get ready, today is the reaping.\" He says. My face goes pale and I feel a shiver go down my body. I completely forgot! \"No.\" I say \"What\" He says with concern on his face. \"I forgot.\" \"Hey well don't worry. You stay here, eat, shower, then go home and get dressed. I wanna go with you to the reaping.\" He says. I can hear the concern in his voice. We both get up and I am shaking madly. \"Look, I am supposed to be a courageous ruthless career and I am shaking. Like alot.\" I say. \"Hey it's normal to be nervous for this kind of thing. Even careers get nervous. Don't worry.\" He says rubbing his hand on my back. I let out a big breath. \"Come on babe, let's go eat\" He says. And we walk to the kitchen. \"What do you want for breakfast?\" He asked. \"I'm not sure. But something really healthy, and not to much. I am to nervous to eat.\" \"How about an omelet with some cheese, onions, and pepper in it?\" He says. \"Ya sounds good.\" I say. He turns on the grill and goes to the fridge to get the ingredients. \"Do you want me to help?\" I ask. He is cooking for me and I do feel kind of bad that he is like, serving me. \"No, no. Sit down Glimmer. You're the guest.\" He says He is so nice. \"Alright if you says so.\" I say. So I just sit and wait. It takes about 5 minutes and he hands me a plate and he gets himself one to. \"What do you want to drink?\" He asks. \"Maybe some milk.\" I say \"Alright milk it is.\" He says joyfully. He is odd. But I still love him. He got us each a glass of milk. \"So, are you sure you wanna volunteer this year?\" Asks Marvel with a mouth full of omelet. \"Yes, I'm sure.\" I say looking down at my plate. I have a stomach ache because I'm so nervous. I quickly finish eating so I can just get ready and rest before the reaping. \"Thanks for breakfast Marvel.\" I say. \"No problem he says as he finishes his last bite. He then takes our plates and glasses and puts them in the sink. \"I have a bunch of extra tooth brushes if you wanna brush your teeth.\" Says Marvel. \"Yeah thanks.\" I say. He leads me to the bathroom where we both brush our teeth at the double sinks together. He gives me a tiny bottle of minty mouthwash and uses one him self. Marvel then takes out a brush and brushes his hair to the side. \"So, I gotta go home and get changed.\" I say. \"I'll come with you if you want.\" Says Marvel. \"Yes please do.\" I say. \"Alright let's go then.\" He says. We go get our shoes on and head out the door. We walk to my house in silence. We hold hands tightly. We will miss each other when I am gone. There is still a chance that I will not return home. A slim chance but that is still a chance. When we reach my house, I open the door and find my family sitting around the table quietly. They all look up when I come in the door. My mother comes up to me with tears streaming down her face and gives me a big hug. They all know I am volunteering. \"Mom it's ok. I will win.\" I tell her. She doesn't stop hugging me for a long time. When she let's go. Her ocean blue eyes stare into my emerald green ones. \"Mom I can win don't worry.\" She doesn't say anything still. I guess she just doesn't know what to say. There is a long yet awkward silence. \"Um, by the way, this is Marvel. My new Boyfriend.\" I say a little more cheerfully. \"Hi.\" Says Marvel and waves. \"Mom, I am going to go get dressed now ok.\" I say. She just nods. I lead Marvel upstairs. I go into my closet and pick out a nice white dress with blue lace around it. \"Hope you don't mind if I watch.\" He says with a weird smirk on his face. \"I don't care.\" I say all giggly. His eyes widened as I took off my shirt. \"Wanna take the bra off too.\" He says \"No!\" I say. I laugh after. Next when I take my pants off he laughs. \"What?\" I ask. \"You have some very sexy undies.\" He says. \"Whatever.\" I say. I take the dress and right before I am about to slip it on, we rips it out of my hands and kisses me. With a lot of tongue. I mean A LOT. I am actually enjoying it. He then throws me on the bed. He lays on top of me. He kisses me so much. Even down my neck. \"Your door is locked right?\" He asked. OH SHIT! I know what's coming. He stands up and slides off my panties. He then, takes his shirt off. Then his pants. before I know it, I feel my best I ever had. I can tell he is having a good time to. I let out a giant scream but he doesn't stop. I hope my parents didn't hear. I guess not because no one came and knocked on the door. We continue for about 5 minutes. Marvel just collapses on top of me. He kisses me even more. \"I think we should get ready now.\" I suggest. \"Ya good idea.\" He says as he gets up. I slide my panties back on and get my dress on and he puts his clothes back on as well. He isn't wearing to fancy of clothes in my opinion but whatever. Once we are dressed we go to the bathroom where I brush my hair and then put my hair in a high ponytail and braid it. I hear the whistle thing. It signals for everyone to go to the reaping. I feel Marvel's fingers entwine with mine. We walk downstairs and head out the door for the reaping. It is a 10 minute walk. We again walk in more silence. We go our separate ways to get our fingers pricked. I then head to the girl's section. The escort walks up to the stage. Her name is sparkle or something. Typical capitol name. She shows us the stupid video we see every year. \"Alright now, before we select our tributes, I was asked to say, that this year are allowed 2 victors as long as they come from the same district. So if we have any sibling out there who wanna win together, like Cashmere and Gloss, then I suggest this year you volunteer this year. My head shoots over to the boys section. I frantically search for Marvel an the I find him. He is looking at me to. I mouth volunteer to him. He nods. \"Ok, girls first.\" She says cheerfully and she makes her way over to the girls' bowl. \"I VOLENTEER!\" I shout and I make my way up to the stage. \"Wonderful. I volunteer. What's your name?\" She asks as she shove the microphone in my face. \"Glimmer Jewel.\" I say. \"Well thank you dear for volunteering.\" She says. \"Boys next.\" She says. \"I VOLENTEER I VOLENTEER!\" I look and see Marvel jumping up and down waving his hand in the air. He runs up to the stage. \"What is you name?\" Asks the escort also shoving the mic in his face. \"Marvel Johnson.\" He says \"Now, is there a reason you volunteered today. You looked quite excited.\" She asked. \"Well I wanted to go and win the hunger games with my girlfriend.\" He said. \"OOH how nice. Well good luck to the both of you then.\" She says. \"May the odds be ever in your favor.\" and walks us off stage. I am lead to a room with a couch and nothing else. My parents come through the door with bloodshot eyes. \"Come on. Don't cry. I will win. Marvel and I will win.\" I say \"We know. Were going to miss you.\" Says mom. \"I'll make you proud. I promise.\" I say. \"You will.\" Says dad. \"I am good with spears, bow and arrows, and axes. Plus I will have my other allies. The games will be over before you know it.\" I say. We are all just in a big family hug the rest of the time. We don't say much. Then, a peacekeeper comes in and brings them out. \"I will see you later.\" I say. I feel sad, but I will go to the games with Marvel, and win. Everything will be normal after that. The peacekeeper then takes me to the train.[Chapter 9] Chapter 9 Clove's POV I wake up sleeping on Cato's arm. How did that happen? Last I remember I was watching a horror movie here with him eating pitas. I guess I fell asleep but I sure as hell know I wasn't positioned like this. He did it. He likes me. And I kind of like him. I cuddle up next to him. I let out a big gasp. I just remembered today is the reaping. I am volunteering today and this actually might bring my family back together. \"Hey Clove.\" He says tiredly. \"I'm volunteering today.\" I say quickly. He sits up. \"What? No you can't.\" He says. \"Why not?\" I asked quite irritated by that comment. \"Because.\" There was a long pause. \"I love you.\" My eyes widen in shock at that comment. Of course I could already tell but I didn't know he would just come out and say that. There was another awkward silence. \"So are you saying you don't think I can win?\" I asked. \"No not that. Your 14. Not old enough. The older you are the stronger. The other careers could be stronger because they will be much older.\" He says. I can hear the worry in his voice. \"I have to. It is the only way I will get my family back together.\" I say. \"No please. Can't you wait for a few more years.\" He said. \"No. By then they might be dating people already. I don't need stupid outsiders invading my life. I don't want a step mom, a step dad, or step siblings. My parents are supposed to love each other and not anyone else.\" I explain. I want to cry whenever I talk about it but today I don't think there is any need to today because I will be fixing my family once and for all. There was another awkward silence. \"You can't stop me Cato.\" I say. He just sat there and starred at me sadly. \"Let's get ready to go.\" He says. I hope he finally accepted the fact that I am volunteering. We get up and go to the kitchen. \"Want breakfast?\" He asks. \"I just eat a piece of fruit for breakfast.\" I tell him. \"We have oranges, apples, bananas, and nectarines.\" He says. \"I'll just have and orange.\" I say and he hands me a big juicy orange. I am still thinking about when he said he loved me. I need to ask more. When I am done the orange, I get kind of nervous. This is an awkward topic, especially for me considering I never have had a boyfriend or anything. \"So what do you mean by you love me?\" I ask. He shoots a weird look at me. \"I mean I love you. Plain and simple.\" He says. \"No I mean, you like, have a crush on me.\" He comes over to me and picks me up. He whispers in my ear. \"Yes I do.\" \"Prove it.\" I say. And right there and then, he passionately kisses me. When he breaks the kiss, he leans his head on mine. He puts me down. \"That was nice.\" I say. \"Good. Want another?\" He asks. \"Why not.\" I say as I smirk. This time we kiss a lot longer. It was great. \"You know that was my first kiss.\" I tell him. A look of shock spreads across his face. \"Really?\" He asks. \"Of course. I have never even had a boyfriend.\" I tell him. \"Well now you do.\" He says as he smirks. \"You know what, I love you to.\" I say. He wraps me in a tight hug. He stares into my dark green eyes and I stare into his bright blue ones. \"We should finish getting ready.\" He says and smiles. I nod. He goes and gets changed. When he's done we walk to my house so I can get dressed. My dad is sitting on the ouch when we walk in. He gives me an awkward look. \"Clove who is this?\" He asks. \"Um, he's my boyfriend.\" I say innocently and smile a toothy smile. I just noticed we are still holding hands. That won't help. I don't know how he feels about this. \"OOHH CLOVEY\"S GOT A BOYFRIEND!\" He makes fun. \"I'm going to get changed.\" I tell him. \"Ok Um, you are not going mister.\" He says to Cato. \"Dad.\" I say quite irritated. He points at Cato and then points to the couch. \"Retard.\" I whisper under my breathe. I walk down the hallway to my room. I put on some tights and a yellow hoodie. When I come out I brush my teeth and then wash my face. I walk back out and see Cato and my dad having a friendly conversation. What if he told dad I'm volunteering?! I go sit on the couch between them and put my arms around both of them. \"Just sittin' here with my bitches.\" I say jokingly. Cato chuckles. Dad tells me to knock it off. I can be so immature sometimes. \"So we should get heading to the reaping. I heard the whistle blow.\" Says dad. We all get up from the couch and head out. \"Did you tell dad that I'm volunteering this year?\" I asked. \"No. That's not my job.\" He whispers back and smiles. \"Thank you.\" I whisper. The rest off the walk is silent. \"See ya in a bit dad.\" I say as he heads to the parent section. \"See ya.\" He replies. Cato and I both get our fingers pricked for blood and both go our separate ways. The escort takes forever to come to the stage. \"Sorry people, I was running a little late.\" Says the escort. \"So this year of the hunger games is going to be a little different. There are allowed 2 victors this year as long as they come form the same district. So let's get to victors this year.\" The escort says cheerfully. My eyes dart around the boys section looking for Cato but I can't find him. I will when I go on stage. \"Alrighty then I will show the video from the capitol and we can start.\" She says. After the video, she walks over to the girls bowl. \"I VOLENTEER!\" I shout. \"Oh joy a volunteer.\" Says the escort happily. I run up on stage. \"What's your name dear?\" She asks. \"Clove Brick.\" I say. \"Any special reason for volunteering today?\" She asks. None of my friends at school know so me reveling my reason will shock them. \"Well, my parents separated over the summer. I want to go too the hunger games and die because there really is no point in living. My family means everything to me and I don't have one anymore. Unless, of course, they get back together. Then, I will make sure I come out alive. But if they don't restore our family, don't count on me coming back.\" I say. I sounded like a total smart ass. And that is how I wanted to sound. \"Well dear I am sorry for you.\" She says. I can tell she feels bad for me by my tone. \"Alright. Next the boys.\" She says. I frantically search for Cato in the crowd. I want to win the games with him. \"I VOLUNTEER!\" I hear a voice shout. It is Cato! Thank god. He walks up to the stage. \"What is your name and do you have a special reason for volunteering?\" Asks the escort. \"My name is Cato Granite and I volunteered today, to protect my girlfriend in the games.\" He announces. \"Aww how sweet.\" Says the escort. I smile at him and he smiles back. \"Ladies and gentlemen, our tributes from district 2!\" Says the escort and walks us off stage. I know what is coming next. Tears, tears, and more tears from my mom and dad. My brother isn't old enough to know better. I am lead into a small room with just a red velvet couch and that is pretty much it. Right after I am sat down, my mom bursts through the door in tears. She hugs me so tightly that I can't breathe. I miss my mom. I start crying myself. Not because I am going to the games, but because I miss my family. I know I will get it fixed this way, but I am just sad for now. \"Mom I'm sorry.\" I say. \"I don't know why you did that.\" She said. \"I did it for us. For our family. We need to be together again.\" I said. Just then, my dad comes through the door. I give him a hug to. \"Look if you two don't get back together, I won't come back. If I don't get a sponsor note telling me that my parents are back together, I will kill myself in that arena.\" \"Clove we aren't going to.\" Says my dad. \"Well then you can kindly leave and let this be your last time ever seeing me.\" I say angrily. My dad tries to hold back his tears, but he isn't to good at it. Mom put her hands on my shoulders. \"We will see what we can do but I won't make any promises.\" says mom. \"Wow just what I expected. You know I'm not surprised that you care more about your happiness than my life.\" I say coldly. \"Clove I'm sorry this all happened.\" she said. \"You know what, you can fix everything. But that is your choice. What is it. My life, or your happiness?\" I ask. Just then, a peacekeeper comes through the door and escorts them out. \"I'm sorry!\" I shout to them. I just sit there and cry my eyes out. Another peacekeeper come in and then leads me to the train. I know I will feel better soon.[Chapter 10] Marvel's POV We board the train. My parents had just got enough time to come back for the reaping and they said their goodbyes. They didn't cry but I could tell they were quite concerned for me. They know I can win this thing. It will be even better when I win with Glimmer. \"Hey babe.\" I say to Glimmer when we see each other on the train. It is very fancy. There is even a big buffet laid out for us. There was lots of fruits, vegetables, cakes, cookies, drinks, candies, and other stuff. Our mentors, Cashmere and Gloss are sitting on a fancy couch until they turn around and notice us. They then come over to greet us. \"That was so adorable how two lovers are going into the arena.\" Says Cashmere. \"Ya. It will be an interesting year this year.\" I say. \"It indeed will be an interesting year this year, considering that you aren't the only lovers going to the games.\" Said Gloss. My eyes widen. \"What do you mean?\" I ask. \"We'll show you.\" Says Gloss as he leads us and our escort to the couch. He switches on the giant flat screen Tv on the wall. There is a list of this year's reaping to watch he selects district 2. The justice building suddenly flashes on the screen with the escort. After the escort says her little speech and shows the useless video, there is a volunteer, as usual for districts 1, 2, and 4. The girl looks to be about 13 or 14. She seems too young to be a career. After she volunteers, she gives a speech about why she volunteered. She is the first career I have ever seen willing to die in the hunger games. The next volunteer is a burly and muscular boy. He looks to be about my age but possibly younger. He volunteered to save his girlfriend. I go cold when I hear him say that. When we finish watching their reaping, the screen goes back to the list of districts. \"So, those are your completion.\" Says Gloss. I look at him. I don't know what to say. \"Ok, so, um, let's watch the rest.\" Says Glimmer. We watch district 3's. The tributes are so ugly from there. I don't know why but they just are. Pathetic little things. I pay more attention to district 4 because they will also be our allies. The girl looks about 16 years old. She volunteered. She is such an irritating moron. Her voice is pitchy and annoying. Her name was Camila. The boy to volunteer was named James. He was her 12 year old brother. Also looks pathetic. \"We have to ally with those pathetic idiots?\" I ask annoyed. \"I would suggest it. After a few days, just kill them in their sleep. They are no good, just like most of the careers from 4. But I would highly recommend becoming friends with 2. They are a lot more powerful and useful. Get them on your good side. We don't want them killing you guys in your sleep.\" Says Cashmere. \"Sounds good.\" Says Glimmer. We continue to watch the reaping. District 5 had an unusual looking girl. She reminded me of a sneaky fox. She looked like it. In her face I could tell. Her orange hair helped with it to. Districts 6, 7, 8, 9, and 10 were just boring and normal. District 11 districts were complete opposites. The girl was a little peaceful and gentle 12 year old, while the male was big and burly. Looked like he could snap your neck in a second. \"Get him on your alliance. He looks useful.\" Says Gloss as he points at the tv. \"I don't know. Shouldn't we make a goal to get him dead at the cornucopia?\" Asks Glimmer. \"No, he would be useful. Kill him in his sleep the same night as you do district 4. He can't be trusted for too long.\" Says Cashmere. \"Ok, just kill him as soon as possible after day 1?\" Asks Glimmer. \"Yup.\" Says Cashmere. When they showed twelve, a 12 year old girl was reaped. She looked terrified and you could see the tears glistening in her eyes. \"See and this is why you train for the games.\" I say. Just then, a tall brunette girl with some braid/bun volunteered. Most likely her sister. We were all shocked. What kind of person from a poor district volunteers? She doesn't know what she is doing. She doesn't know who she is up against. If you volunteer, make sure you are great with weaponry, hand to hand combat, and have a lot of survival skills. By the looks of it, this girl doesn't know any of that. She just made a big mistake. After the reapings Cashmere says we are having dinner with tributes from 2 and 4. \"So, we are having dinner with 2 and 4. I suggest you become good friends with them. You know, so they don't decide to kill you the first day. There are some fancy clothes laid out for you in each of your rooms. Go get changed, we are eating in a few hours. \" Says Cashmere. \"Sounds good.\" I say as Glimmer and I walk to our rooms. The room is small but nice. It has a double bed so hopefully Glimmer can slip in here and we can cuddle all night. The suit is laid out on the bed. It is plain black with a light purple shirt and blue tie. I like getting fancy and so does Glimmer. We are from district 1, it's in our blood, but how amazing would it be to live in the capitol. Maybe someday if Glimmer and I get married, we could move to the capitol. They are 3 times better than district 1, even though some people can go overboard with their appearance there. I undress, then slip the suit on. I walk over to the tall crystal clear mirror made of real gold with diamonds embedded into it. Wow, they really do want us to have a good stay. \"Whoa, I look great.\" I whisper to myself. I shoot a couple of weird poses, then head back out to the table. Where Cashmere, Gloss, and our escort were waiting. \"I can't wait to see Glimmer. She is going to look so beautiful.\" I say to them. They all smile at me. Just then, Glimmer walks out with a strapless long golden dress on with rainbow jewels all over it. She also wore a necklace with a giant emerald on it. She flipped her curly golden blonde hair and smiled. \"Glimmer, you look amazing. That dress really goes with your hair to.\" I say. \"Thanks she says.\" I get up and kiss her passionately. We don't kiss for too long because everyone is watching. \"Um, so yeah, let's talk about some things you will need to know for the games.\" Says Gloss looking quite awkward. We go sit down next to him, Cashmere, and the escort. \"So, you guys know, the bloodbath is the most important part of the games. You get anyone that might stand in your way dead. For example, the boy from 11. If he doesn't accept to join you, kill him as soon as possible. He will be lethal.\" He says. \"What if he books it into the woods? He looks fast.\" I ask. \"Well chances are he won't right away. If he does then throw a knife at him, shoot an arrow at him. Injure him in some way to slow him down. It will be easy.\" Says Gloss. \"Alright. Good. So what's next?\" I ask. \"Kill anyone you see running away that has a backpack or some kind of weapon first. We want all the supplies for you guys. Plus the other tributes have a way higher chance of living longer with that stuff.\" He says. \"Smart.\" I say. We discuss more killing and survival for the next 45 minutes. Then it kind of drifts off into how Glimmer and I got together and how much life has changed since they both won the games. Good conversation. We then went to the couch and watched their games. Gloss won the hunger games the year before Cashmere. At the end, all the other careers were left so they all had to kill each other and he ended up winning by stabbing the girl from 1, throwing a knife at the girl from 4, and then stabbing the boy from 2. The others were killed by the other allies. The brawl lasted about 10 minutes. It was very intense. Cashmere won her games in a similar way. She was in a brawl with the boy from 4, who used a bow and arrow, and the boy from 2, who used an axe. She almost got shot in the head with an arrow but ducked just in time. She threw knives at both of them at once. One knife in each hand. They both got it in the heart and dropped dead right on the spot. When we were finished watching their games, we talked for a little while about the first ever victors and things, until we heard a knock at the door. It opened, and there stood district 2 and 4's tributes.[Chapter 11] Clato and Glarvel Chapter 11 Cato's POV My parents gave me a phone call and that's it. We talked for 3 minutes and that's it. They are furious that I volunteered I'm supposed to tell them. I know they are only looking out for my best interest but this is my one and only chance to win the games with someone important to me. They probably will never allow 2 victors ever again. I wonder how Clove is doing. Her and her parents must be very upset. I hope this all works out for her family in the end. I love her and care about her. I couldn't imagine what I would do if this happened to my family. I make it to the train and get on. I see Clove sitting on the couch with her head in her hands. I know this all has to bother her. I know it would me. I go sit down beside her and embrace her. I feel her move a little closer to me. She takes her face out of her hands and rests her hands on my shoulder. She isn't crying but I can tell she has been. Her eyes are bloodshot and has the saddest expression on her face. \"That was very brave of you. To stand up in front of the entire district and say that.\" Says Enobaria as she sits beside Clove on the other side of the couch. \"Thanks.\" Clove replies without looking at her. \"Listen girl, it will be ok. You are very strong and brave. You will get through this. You and Cato win the games, and it may pull your family back together. I mean, that's what happened to Brutus.\" Clove jerked her head over to Enobaria. \"What?\" She asked with shock. \"Brutus tell the story.\" Orders Enobaria. \"Well, when I was about 15, my parents split. My mother had cheated on my dad. I was furious and wouldn't talk to my mother. I completely shunned her. Now, at the time, I was fine with that. I was a happy go lucky teenager, until my dad got a girlfriend when I was 17. I hadn't been angrier ever in my life. I realised the day he introduced me to her, I missed my mom a whole hell of a lot. I missed my whole family. My 3 brothers lived with my mom, so shunning my mom meant shunning my brothers. When they came every other weekend, I refused to talk to them because they liked her boyfriend. So anyways, since I was one of the best in the training academy, I was already planning on volunteering. When I volunteered, I took the mic and announced to not expect me to come back unless my family came back together. I eventually got a note in the games saying my family was reunited.\" \"So wait, what ever happened to your mom's boyfriend and your dad's girlfriend?\" I asked. \"Oh ya, my mom dumped her boyfriend the day of the reaping. She finally realised what she did was wrong. For my dad's girlfriend, I threw a spear at her abdomen about 6 months after they started dating. She had died in the hospital about 8 days later.\" My jaw dropped. It was silent for a moment until Clove finally asked how the family is now. \"So your family is back together now? They are all happy again?\" \"Yes. When I came back from the games we all moved into our new victor's house and that was the end of it.\" Said Brutus. \"So do you still live with your family?\" Asked Clove. \"Enobaria and I moved out into our own victor's house in the middle of each of our families.\" He said. Clove and I both got a confused look on our faces. \"Wait, you're married?\" I asked confused. \"Yes, of course. But we try to keep it to ourselves. You know, we don't need cameras shoved up in our faces 24/7 from the capital.\" Enobaria answers. \"Wow it's like your story is being rewritten except Clove and I are going to the same games instead of separate games.\" Said Cato. \"You're exactly right.\" Replies Enobaria. That is the most insane thing I have ever heard. I had no idea the strongest man in district 2 had a similar story to Clove. I do look up to him. I have ever since I was little. I always remember saying \"I wanna be like Brutus when I'm a big boy\" but that's a little embarrassing so I won't bother mentioning. \"Well, I think it's about time we get the reaping. We definitely have an interesting mix this year.\" Brutus tells us. \"What?\" Asks Clove. \"Watch.\" Says Brutus as he takes the remote and choses district 1's reaping. As usual, it's an insane e looking escort with weird clothes, giant colourful hair, and caked on makeup. There are 2 volunteers there, as usual, but they aren't your average careers. They were lovers, just like us! The girl was a pretty blonde named Glimmer, but nowhere near as beautiful as my Clove. The boy was a very tall boy with light brown hair named Marvel. He looks pathetic. \"Wow, we have some serious competition. I like competition.\" Says Clove. \"They both look pathetic, but they are probably useful in some ways.\" I say. \"Well, here's a tip, never judge your allies by their appearance. They may look weak, but they may not actually be weak. We are having dinner with 1 and 4 tonight so try and become friend with them. Gain their trust. They will probably try and do the same, but don't put too much trust in them. Remember, there are others who wanna win just as much as you do.\" Brutus tells us. \"Oh my god, I have to see four. They better be strong like us.\" Says Clove. Brutus then switches to district 4. The tributes from there are both brother and sister. The girl is tall, tan, and downright annoying. Her name is Camila. She goes on about this being the greatest day of her life to come to the games and win with her brother. \"God damn her voice is ear raping.\" I say covering my ears. Clove chuckles. The next volunteer is a 12 year old boy named James. He is quieter than his obnoxious sister. He only says that he is the best with a sword and that his sister and him will for sure. \"Oh my god wow! What a stupid idiot! What kind of pathetic little boy thinks he can win!?\" Clove shouts with laughter in her voice. \"Well, ok, I guess you can judge that little thing.\" Says Brutus. We continue with the rest of the reapings. District 3 is the same as every other games. Pathetic, small and scared. Districts 5 through 10 were all plain and boring. 11 had a giant and muscular boy Named Thresh, even bigger than me. \"Either become allies with him or kill him as soon as possible. He could snap your neck in a second.\" Says Enobaria \"You know, I'm leaning more on the kill him side.\" Says Clove. He was almost 3 times the size of her. \"I think you should become allies with him, but kill him in his sleep within a few days.\" Says Enobaria. The next reaping was district 12. It was a little blonde girl who was reaped. She had 2 French braids in and she looked scared shitless. Then, some drama happened. A tall brunette girl with some weird braid/bun volunteered for her. Must be her sister. Her sisters screams were also ear raping. She makes her way up to the stage and tells her name. The boy who is called is just a plain blonde boy. And only a plain blonde boy. \"Wow. That Katniss chick has no idea what she is up against this year. She should have just let her sister go.\" Said Clove. \"Well, I will say that this year's games will probably be my favourite. This is not your normal mix.\" Says Enobaria. So we finished watching the reapings and then we watched how Brutus and Enobaria won their games. Enobaria was in a dessert arena. It was her and the girl from 4 left. She had a trident thrown at her but dodged it just in time and then slashed the girl with a sword. Brutus was in a winter forest on a mountain. I just hope for god sakes we don't get an arena like that. He told us about 8 of the tributes in the arena froze to death in the whole games including 2 of his allies. He almost froze to death himself until he got a sponsor's cache with matches, warm soup, and extra mittens and scarfs. \"So, we are going to district 1's car for dinner along with 4. You should go get ready. There are some fancy outfits for you in your rooms lying on your beds.\" Says Brutus. \"Wow I can't wait to meet district 4. They are going to be so stupid it will be funny.\" Says Clove. She is a little immature like that. We each go to our separate rooms to get changed. On my bed lays a plain black suit with a purple plaid tie. I pick it up and carefully scan it. I slip out of my clothes and put it on. \"Ha, perfect fit.\" I say to myself looking in the mirror. I walk out hoping to see Clove, but I don't. Dresses must be complicated. \"Wow Cato, you look fabulous!\" Says the escort excitedly in her odd capitol accent. \"You do look quite handsome.\" Says Brutus as he walks over to me. He fixes up my tie. \"There, now you look handsome.\" He says and nods. I hear a door close behind me. I turn around to find Clove in a one shouldered black and yellow dress with beads and sequence all over it. She looks amazing! \"I feel a little out of place. Killers don't dress all fancy and girly like this.\" She says. \"Ah don't worry, you look great. How do you think I feel?\" I say. She just shrugs and continues to walk. I stick my arm out in front of her. I she looks up at me. I pick her up and plant a giant kiss on her lips. When I put her down she is smiling but hr face is completely red. \"Hey Clove, don't be embarrassed. That was cute.\" Says Enobaria with a weird tone in her voice. She is trying to make her feel more embarrassed. I chuckle at her comment. Her face goes an even deeper shade of red, like an apple. I gave her a hug and tell her I love her. She smiles. \"Ok honey, we should go fix up your hair and makeup. You gotta look complete.\" Says Enobaria getting up from the couch. Clove makes a disgusted face. \"Eww I hate make up.\" She says. \"Hey, so do I, we are only gonna put a little bit on you though, to make you stand out a little more.\" Clove just rolls her eyes and follows her to the bathroom. I follow as well. I lean on the door and cross my arms, and put a smirk on my face. \"Mind if I watch?\" I ask obnoxiously. \"Shut up.\" Says Clove. She pretends to itch her eye, but uses her middle finger and glares at me. \"Love you too babe.\" I say. I can tell she is irritated. She doesn't have much on when she is done. Just some foundation, mascara, and lip gloss. Next, Enobaria puts her hair in a high ponytail and curls it. Then she puts a slight amount of hairspray in her hair. I started to taste it. Gross. She gets up and glares at me. She kicks me and continues to walk. I turn right around and follow her. I pick her up and carry her to my bedroom. \"CATO WHAT THE HELL?!\" She yells. As I enter my room, I shut the door and lock it. I throw her on my bed. \"WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING?!\" She yells. I lean over and put my hand over her mouth. \"Shhhh.\"I say to her calmly. I lay down on her but not putting my whole body weight on her. I stare into her dark green eyes. I bit my lower lip seductively. I press my forehead against hers and start passionately kissing her. She kisses back. It doesn't last to long because Brutus burst through the door without knocking \"What the hell?!\" He yells. We sit up quick. I look at him shocked. I don't know what to say. We just stare for afew moments. \"Um, you wanna come out here with us and talk about surviving the games?\" He askes. \"Ya, ya sure.\" I Say. We walk out in silence. Man was that embarrassing. We go out and sit on the couch. It was an awkward silence. We sit and talk about survival for the next 45 minutes or so until it's time to go to district 1's car. ","Summary":" Chapter 1 Glimmer's POV I heard the songbirds outside my bedroom window. They wake me up every morn"},{"Movie":"Lords of Dogtown","Title":"Once Upon A Skateboard","Author":"xSketchy.and.Spunkx","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2786420","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Jane's P.O.V. I walked along the streetnwith my best friend Jade to go meet our friends at their favoritenhang out. The Zephyr Surf Shop. We always meet them there afternschool, every long day. When we began to see the shop in view Jadenstopped me and took a deep breath. \"How do I look?\"nShe asked and started to tug on her shirt and then her shorts. \"You look fine Jade!\"nI replied rolling my eyes a bit. \"Just fine? Jane!\"nShe said slightly annoyed. She's only acting like this because shenhas a huge crush on Stacy Peralta.nWho, mind you, I think has a crush on her back. Ofncourse all the two need is a push towards each other. There bothnclose friends, and Stacy's well my best friend out of all the Z-boys.nI tell him everything. He always listens to me, not matter how stupidnthe Idea maybe, or how stupid I sound. He's there for me always.nHe's like my big brother; he's even a little over protective of me. Oh as younprobably already know, my names Jane. Jane Lexxon. I'm 16 and I havenlived in Dogtown, Santa Monica all my life. I have dirty blonde hairnthat is to the length of my shoulders and blue-green eyes. Okay sincenI already told you about Stacy, maybe I should tell you about mynrelationships with the other boys. Well TonynAlva and me are pretty close too. Not as close as Stacy and me are,nbut anytime I need to talk he's there. But sometimes his ego getsnin the way of our relationship. See I dated him last year, for threenlong months. But we still managed to stay friends. Maybe because thenbrake up wasn't that big of a deal, or maybe because a little piecenof my heart didn't want to let him go. I don't know. But I'mnreally glad that were still friends. Next is Sid,nhim and I are pretty tight as well. We both can't skate that well.nActually he's better then me. And were both at the back of thenpack. He's a great guy, even if he does at an ear problem. Last isnstupid, immature Jay Adams. I hate that guy. He's so...AH! I can'tnexplain how much he annoys me. The only reason I even put up with himnis because of Jade and the Guys. If it weren't for them, we wouldnhave killed each other by now. Anyways, asnJade and I got to the Storefront, Jade took a deep breath, tugged atnher shirt one more time and opened the door. Everyone wasnalready there. Stacy was talking to Skip and pointing at a nicenSurfboard. Tony was trying to sweet talk some of his sister Kathy'snfriends. Jay was jumping around the store and being an idiot asnalways. Sid was the only one that actually noticed us when we camenin. \"HeynJane, Jade.\" He came up to us and smiled and put his arm aroundnJade. \"It's about time you ladies showed up.\" Jade rollednher eyes and pushed his arm off her. \"Unlike you Sid. We were atnschool today.\" She sighed. \"Not like you need to go at all.nYour Father could probably bribe all the teacher's to just let younpass and get a diploma, with all the money you have!\" She saidnand grinned. Then when she saw Skip walk away from Stacy she wentnover to him. \"Yeah Sid, while we have to work our Asses of atnSchool just to graduate.\" I said and smiled at him. Then I gavenhim a gentle hug and a kiss him on the cheek. \"So how are youndoing Sid?\" Sid hugged menback and shrugged. \"Fine I guess. Red Dog has been bugging me asnusual though. But Jay straightened him out for me.\" He smilednand I rolled my eyes. \"I don't know why you don't like Jay. He'snsuch a nice guy. Once you get to know him well enough.\" \"RightnSid. All of a sudden Jay Adams is going to turn into an upstandingnyoung Citizen of Dogtown. Ha! Fat chance. And plus it's not only me,nhe don't like me as much or more as I don't like him.\" I saidnand smiled at Sid. \"But I can put up with him for you guys.\"nI smiled and kissed him again on the cheek. \"I gotta talk tonTony, I'll talk to you later Sid.\" I smiled and walked over tonwere Tony was flirting with one of Kathy's friends. \"Hey T-dog.\"nI said and laughed. Tony glared like crazy as the girls giggled atnhim and walked over to where Kathy was standing. \"Aw! Inwas sure I was going to get laid by one of them tonight!\" Tonynsaid and winked at one of the girls. \"Why did you have to ruinnmy chances!\" \"Ha!nLike you had a chance!\" I smiled and gave him a hug and a kissnon the cheek. \"So what's up Tony? How's the Skating today?\"nI asked. Tonynshrugged. \"Okay I guess. How was school?\" He asked whilenchuckling. \"Why do you even go Jub-Jub! You don't need to.\"nHe put his arm around me, and grinned. \"Come join us rebels?\"nHe smirked and I shoved his arm off. \"I neednan education. And if I didn't go my old man would flip! Whichnwouldn't be good news!\" I answered. Tony just shrugged and Insmiled. \"Not that I don't enjoy spending time with you losers.\"nTony nudged me playfully and did a puppy dog face. \"Fine! Fine!nTomorrow me and Jade will skip with you losers!\" Tony grinnednand kissed my cheek. Then he spotted a so-called \"Hott\"ngirl and dashed away saying. \"Later Chickita!\" Since Jadenwas still \"Talking\" to Stacy I went and sat on a stool innfront of the cash. Skip just randomly put it there yesterday and itnwas for sitting on right?[Chapter 2] Jade'snP.O.V When wencame into the store, Jane and I said 'hi' and whatever to Sid.nThen I went over to talk to one of my closest friends, Stacy. I havena HUGE crush on him, and he doesn't even know it…er… at least Inhope he doesn't. That would be too weird! And besides…guys don'tnreally notice me anyway. I'm just another plain Jane. Oops! Nonoffence to Jane or anything, it's just an expression. Wait, why amnI apologizing? She can't read my thoughts…shifty eyes Wherenwere we? Oh, yes. I'm plain…ish…I guess… I have brown hair tonmy mid-back, blue/green eyes, and I have an average build for my age.nLike Jane, I'm 16. My name is Jade Satura, by the way. I don'tneven know why the guys let me hangout with them. I mean… I can'tneven skate! Actually, I've never tried. Come to think of it, no onenhas ever even asked me if I could… Inguess I should explain my 'role' as you would call it innthis…group? My best guy friend is Jay. We just really click, younknow? We have a special relationship. He's like an older brother,nexcept…not? Let me re-phrase that: We're attached at thenhip…wait, no we're not, because Jane would have a shit-fit. Shencan't stand him, so I have make time for both of them, so I cannhangout with both without causing a fight. I can tell him anythingnand not be embarrassed, and for him, I guess I'm there whenever henneeds to talk; or when anyone needs to talk, actually. I'm a goodnlistener and I'm patient. Stacynis next up, which is weird because I have this GINORMOUS crush onnhim! I guess I can talk to him about stuff too, but I getnembarrassed about things around him. I get kind of shy sometimes, butnhe always gets me to talk. We flirt a lot, but I don't think henknows how much it really means to me, when it probably means nothingnto him but a joke. Only Jane knows about my crush on him. Janenis my closest friend outside of the guys. We go to school together,nso I see her a lot. We're like…fries and ketchup. That's thenbest way of describing our relationship. You can't have one withoutnthe other. It just DOESN'T work! Ha-ha! Sid'snalso a pretty cool guy. He's like the group's pet. He can be sonsweet at times; you just want to give him a big hug! I don't havenan as close relationship with him, as Jane has, but we're goodnfriends. Last,nbut not least is Tony. Our relationship is kind of iffy. We jokenaround a lot, but sometimes, it's just awkward. AWKWARD. We don'tnhate each other or anything, but we're just weird around each othernbecause we aren't very close. Backnto where I was heading, before I loaded all that on you… \"Hi Stacy!\"nI said happily to my super-hot friend. sigh \"Hey there,nmy little jewel!\" He joked. He does NOT know how that affects me! We hugged,nand I was in heaven. Who wouldn't be if there body was beingnpressed up against your crush's with your arms around each other.n\"How was school today?\" he asked. \"Stressful.\"nI groaned. \"Than don'tngo.\" He stated happily. \"It's notnthat simple, Stace.\" I sighed while sitting down on a chair. \"Aw, comenon. Take a break from it for once. You deserve it!\" He said tryingnto persuade me. I thought about it. He started to massage mynshoulders…Ooh that feels GOOD! \"I dunno…\" \"Please…?\"nhe turned my chair to face him. This boy doesn't quit, does he?n\"It'll be fu-un!\" he said giving me a charming smile. Am Inmelting…? Heck Yes! \"Fine!\" \"Woohoo!\"nhe exclaimed. Wow… I didn't know it would make him that happy…nyay me! The next thing I knew, I was up, spinning around in the air,nand the only thing keeping me there were Stacy's arms. Talk aboutnhotness…or at least it would be if he stopped scaring the shit outnof me by spinning me around like a maniac! \"Aaah!nSTACY DOUGLAS PERALTA, YOU PUT ME DOWN!\" but it was no use. Let'sngo to plan B \"JAY! Come and help me out here! Peralta's gonenmad!\" The nextnthing I knew, Jay came running up and did a superhero pose, and said,n\"Unhand her you fiend!\" he must be on something… I rolled myneyes, \"oh, gawd. Jay, just make him put me down! …things arenstarting to get fuzzy.\" Right, wellnStacy FINALLY put me down, and he and Jay started play-fighting. Insighed. My boys… I walked overnto where Jane was sitting on the stool and we said in unison, whichnis freaky, \"Skippingntomorrow\" talk about weird![Chapter 3] Jane's P.O.V. Well afternJade and I talked a bit and Stacy and Jay stopped play fighting, Mr.nI'm-Hungry-So-We-Have-To-Leave-To-Get-Food was hungry. If you don'tnknow whom I'm talking about it's the lovely Jay Adams. Geez! He'snso annoying. Oh and of course all the guys and Jade have to agreenwith him. So here I am, walking at the back of the pack with Sid (notnthat I mind. Sid has been looking better and better these days),nlistening to stupid Jay Adams tell everyone how hungry he is. Thankngod he's in the front beside Jade. The group knows that if Jay andnme have to travel together, to have us both not at all near eachnother. Like that ever works. We end up getting into an argument onenway or another. As we grewnnearer to the Burger Shack my tummy started to rumble. Sid lookednover to me and laughed. \"It looksnlike it was a good thing that Jay suggested coming here;\" Sid saidnand laughed again, patting me on the back \"A real good thing.\" I hit him onnthe arm playfully and he put his arm around me. I didn't push itnoff. Sid seriously has been getting better looking over these pastnfew months. I mean he's really starting to be well…hott. Anyways, wenwent into some diner thing to eat. I sat in a booth with Sid, Jade,nand some other guys. Tony, Stacy, and ERRG Jay sat in a booth besidenus. Ugh! He's so disgusting! I mean… look at him there…stuffingnhis face…getting food everywhere…EW! Now he's got ketchup onnhis lips…those sexy, stubborn lips…Wait…WHAT DID I JUSTnTHINK! Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god! Okay, breathe in…breathenout…Try not to blow chunks… \"Jane…?nAre you okay?\" Jade asked me worriedly, \"you look like you justnsaw a ghost! Ha-ha!\" \"uh…nyeah, I'm fine…\" I replied. That stupid asshole just HAS to benattractive! Argh! What a jerk… \"HEY JANE!\"noh no… he's attempting communication. This won't be pretty. \"WHAT?\" Insnapped. \"Nothing.\"nA few guys laughed at his answer. UGH! I can't take much more ofnthis. Just one more thing and I could… \"HEY JADE!\"nhe yelled to my friend. Honestly, does he HAVE to yell? What is he upnto? \"Why are you sitting over there with HER? Wouldn't you rathernsit over here with me, your BEST FRIEND\" oh I see…two can playnthat game. \"Jay,nplease don't start anything.\" Jade pleaded. \"YEAH Jay!nDon't start something!\" Come on, I HAD to say SOMETHING to that.n\"Besides, everyone knows I would win…Jade is MY best friend.\" \"Yeah?\"nhe challenged. \"yeah.\"nOH! What you gonna do? \"Okay, Inhave something to say,\" said Jade in an edgy voice, \"and before Insay it, I'll say this: Jay, you're my best friend with a penis.nJane, you're my best friend without one.\" She pointed out. \"nownthat that's cleared up, I AM SICK AND TIRED OF YOU TWO FIGHTING ALLnTHE TIME! IT DRIVES ME NUTS, AND WORST OF ALL, I ALWAYS END UP IN THEnMIDDLE! IF EITHER OF YOU WANT TO EVEN TALK TO ME AGAIN, THEN YOU TWOnBETTER LEARN HOW TO GET ALONG! UNTIL THEN, BYE!\" Jade then stormednoff. Everyone was quiet. I knew she didn't like it when we fought,nbut I never thought it affected her this much. Stacy got up to follownJade, but then Tony stopped him and said, \"Let herncool off first, man\" I would toonif I was him. Now what? Everything is now eerily quiet… Screw this.nI got up and made my way to the door. When I was about halfway there,nI noticed everyone was looking at me…even Jay…OoOo…wait, bad.nNo thinking about Jay like that at a time like this. \"What arenyou looking at!\" and with that, I left the building.[Chapter 4] Jade'snP.O.V. I can'tnbelieve them! I mean they always do that, and I always get stuck innthe middle! It's bad enough just having friends that hate eachnother. I walked to the beach and sat in the sand. I always come herenwhen I'm angry or stressed or just want to think. Or even be alonenfor that matter. This…being here, in this place on this beach…itnjust calms me down for some reason and I can make sense of things. After aboutnan hour of thinking and staring off into the ocean, I heard footstepsnapproaching. I hope it's not Jane or Jay. I can't deal with thatnright now. Whoever it was plopped themselves down beside me. I tiltednmy head slightly to see who it was. \"What arenyou up to Stacy?\" \"Well, InWAS looking for you\" he started with a smile. God I loved hisnsmile…\"but now that I've found you, I guess I'm…talking tonyou?\" \"No…really?nI had NO idea!\" I said sarcastically with just a hint of bitternessnin my tone. \"You knownthey don't mean to upset you.\" He stated. \"I know, Inknow. I just get so stressed out, though, because I care about bothnof them so much, and I hate playing peacekeeper all of the time! Inmean, do we even know why they hate each other?\" \"Wow…Innever really thought about that before. They just…always have Inguess…\" \"Yeah, butnfor no reason?\" \"I guess…\"nStacy scratched his head while thinking about it. He's so adorable!n\"You know what? I think you're thinking too much about this.\" \"oh, I am,nam I?\" I challenged. \"yeah, younare.\" He responded devilishly. Is he flirting with me, or is thatnsmile just there to torture me? With that,nStacy, knowing how ticklish I am, started to tickle my sides. Inscreamed and flailed around while l couldn't stop laughing. Henpinned me down, by straddling me, so I couldn't get away. \"Stacy!nThat's not fair! I c-can't…can't breathe!\" I said betweennlaughs. He stopped tickling me after that, but he was stillnstraddling me…oOoO kinky… oh gawd I'm weird. Then nextnthing I knew, he got this weird look in his eye…I couldn't tellnwhat it was. Stacy started leaning in towards me. Is he goingnto kiss me! I hope so… We were anbreath away from kissing, and then it happened. It was the sound of angunshot, and that could only mean one thing. Jane's in trouble.[Chapter 5] Jane's P.O.V. I walked over to my house still thinking about StupidnJay. How could I even have thoughts about liking him? There wasnnothing to like about him. Other than his hair...his eyes...hisnbody...his lips... Okay fine! There is a lot to like about him...butnhe has a horrible personality! Gawd! I will not, Cannot! Like JaynAdams! And how Can Jade chose him over me...okay maybe she didn'tnchoose either of us but still! ARGG! It was all Jay's Faultnanyways! For going to the stupid Burger Shack in the first place!nARGG! I stopped at the front metal gate of my house. I lookednup at my house, a perfectly good, normal household, with a perfectlynnormal gate and a perfectly normal family would live there right?nWrong, my family's far from normal, and it's not a perfectly goodnnormal household, well not on the inside. My mom took of with mynyounger sister when I was twelve. She thought I could handle my dad.nFor lord's sake mother! I was twelve! The worse part is I haven'tnseen them since. Sure I get postcards and pictures once in a bluenmoon from my sister, but it's not the same. And to top it all off,nthey left me with my father who is what you call a drunken assholenwho like's to punch things when he drinks. The bad thing is hendrinks a lot. Worse is he uses me as a punching bag. But oh well,nlife goes on right? I mean I've gotten use to it over the years. Itnjust make's me stronger…on the outside. But no one will know, notneven Jade, that on the inside I'm crying out for help. Anyways…I quickly jumped over the metal gate. I walkednup to my front door. Sighed, took out my keys and opened it. I lookedninside checking if Dad had one of his drunken rages. Surely glass wasneverywhere. I sighed and closed the door quietly. I tip toed aroundnthe house picking up various pieces of glass. It was from a vase mynday had bought my mom when my sister and I were younger. Guess hendidn't like it. As I picked up the last piece of glass, my dad wokenup. His eye's red, his hair a mess, and he looked angry. \"WERE WHERE YOU JANE LEXXON, YOU STUPID GIRL!\" Henscreamed. I was used to this, so I didn't flinch. \"I was out dad. I told you I would be.\" I saidncalmly. \"OUT WITH THOSE GOOD FOR NOTHING BOYS NO DOUBT! ANDnTHAT WHORE OF A FRIEND…WHATS HER NAME! JADE YES!\" He screamed.nOkay its one thing for him to call yell at me and call me stupid. Butnhe will not insult my friends. \"Those boys are friends and there not good fornnothing. And Jade is Far from a whore Dad!\" I yelled. Of course hendidn't like the sound of that. \"WHAT DID YOU JUST SAY?\" He screamed and came at me.n\"Do NOT talk to me that way ever again Jane. Or so help me god Inwill beat you to a pulp!\" He grabbed my head and threw me to thenground. I was getting madder and madder by the second. \"What are you going to do dad! You've done all youncan to me! You beat me up anytime you god damn feel like it!\" Inyelled. Then out of know where my dad grabbed his gun and took a shotnat me. At First I thought he only did that to scare me. But when Insaw how close the bullet hole was to my head, I thought twice aboutnthat. My dad of course just realized what he did and dropped his gun.nHe looked shocked and I was almost in tears. I wanted to go over tonhim and beat the living hell out of him. He started yelling at menagain when Jay, yes Jay, dashed into my house. \"Jane!\" He yelled, grabbed me and pulled me out ofnthe house. Then we ran, ran all the way down the street. I stoppednand sat on the sidewalk. I was in tears, almost balling. He came overnand put an arm around me. \"Shh, Jane, it will all be alright.\" He said andnpulled me close to him. \"How did you know I was in trouble?\" I asked whilenwhipping the tears out of my eyes. \"Your dad's gun shot. It was heard all over town.nAnd everyone knows what it sounds like. It has a very distinct soundnyou know.\" Jay said and smiled at me. \"Thanks Jay.\" I saidnand gave him a quick hug. \"I never new you had it in you.\"[Chapter 6] Jade's P.O.V Stacy and I ran almost all the way to Jane's housenbefore we saw two familiar looking people hugging. As we got closernto them, I thought to myself, is that really Jane and Jay hugging?nSomething seriously wrong must have happened for them to do that. \"Jane!\" I yelled. As soon as they heard me, theynsplit apart immediately. \"Are you alright? We heard your dad'sngun and came here as fast as we could! What happened?\" After I said that, Tony and Sid came running out ofnnowhere. Everyone kind of calmed down and Jane spoke. \"Well…umm\" she started a bit shaky. \"I came homenand I… I tried to be as quiet as I could, you know, because of hownmy dad gets. I guess I wasn't as quiet as I thought…and…\" shentrailed off. \"You don't have to continue, Jane.\" I comforted. Inknew that it probably wasn't something she wanted to recall.nEveryone was crowding around her with worried expressions. \"Where are you gonna stay tonight, Jane?\" I asked.nShe can't possibly be thinking of go back 'home' \"You can'tngo back in there with your dad! I won't let you!\" Jane just shrugged while looking totally and completelynlike her head was in a whole other world. \"HEY!\" Sid yelled to get everyone's attention.n\"How bout all of you just come to my house? My parents are out ofntown, so you can all come and crash there if you want.\" I adorenthat kid… Man… Man boy…guy! A guy, that's what he is! Ha-ha,nMan boy. Stop it, Jade! Now is not the time. \"Kay, so I guess we're all goin' to Sid'snplace.\" Tony stated. As Jane made her way over towards Sid (probably to thanknhim) she passed in front of Jay, and I swear I heard a mumbledn'thanks'. I looked at Jay questionably. I guess he could feel myneyes on him and he looked up to meet mine. I cocked a brow and henjust shrugged. As the gang started walking across town to Sid's, Inwalked alongside Jay. He seemed unusually quiet and so un-Jay-like. \"So…\" I started. \"So…\" Jay answered. \"What's up with you?\" I asked my best friend. \"What do you mean?\" He countered by answering anquestion with a question. I knew that was coming; trying to make itnlook like he doesn't know what I'm talking about. He's confusednabout something, I can tell. \"You seem…different.\" He stayed quiet. \"You'rennot being the loud, rude, and obnoxious Jay we all know and love.nWhat's with that?\" \"I'm not ALWAYS like that, Jade. You, of all people,nshould know there's more to me than that.\" He's getting closento mad. Shit. \"Look, Jay… I didn't mean it like that.\" \"Oh yeah, then how did you mean it?\" \"You're just…\" OH crap, what to say? Why did Inback myself into a corner like that? \"Being… respectful of Jane,nI guess…\" He stayed quiet. \"You're both usually trying tonthrow as many insults at each other as possible, but now you'renbeing polite, and you were actually, like, her 'savior'. And…ANDnyou two were hugging when we came. What's up with that, huh?\" I thought I saw a smile tugging on the edges of his lipsnwhen I mentioned them hugging, but he quickly tried to hide it bynclearing his throat. \"Well, I don't hate Jane. I just…like buggingnher.\" Like I believe that! He so likes her, oh my god! It's thenclassic 'pull the braids of the girl-you-like's hair'. \"Andnthe saving her part… I was just in the neighbourhood, and…\" \"You didn't want to see her hurt?\" I inquired withna smirk. He stayed quiet. Hmm… After a few moments of silence, Jay started up again. \"Did you know?\" \"Know what?\" I guess it's my turn to play dumb. \"That…\" Jay bent down towards my ear to continuen\"That Jane's life was like…that\" \"Of course I did. Janenis one of my closest friends. She's been through a lot. There'snbeen countless night's where I've stayed up and comforted hernwhen she's had to leave her house to get away from her dad.\" Jaynnodded. I couldn't see his face because he had his head down, andnhis hair covered most of his face. \"I really appreciate you beingnso… nice to Jane\" I stated. He just nodded again.[Chapter 7] Jane's P.O.V. On the way to Sid's, I had been walking beside Stacy.nTony and Sid were talking about some hot girls while walking slightlynahead of us. Jade and Jay had been walking sort of behind us and anbit slower. I glanced back at them and noticed they were having somensort of serious talk. Stacy was trying to comfort me while I sniffled. \"You sure you're okay?\" \"Yeah, I'm fine.\" I said. I didn't want himnworrying about me any more than he already did. He put his arm aroundnme. \"Really, I'm fine. You don't have to treat me like anchild.\" Stacy can be a bit overbearing at times. There was an awkward pause. I kept glancing back atnJay. Why? I don't know. Maybe it's because I want to run up tonhim and embrace him with a big, huge hug, and never let go. I can't,nthough. He would never like me like I like him. Wait. Did I justnadmit to myself that I have feelings for Jay Adams? Of all times too… I looked back at him again. I think Stacy may havennoticed this time because he cocked a brow at me. \"What?\" I challenged. \"Nothing.\" he grinned devilishly. \"That's not a nothing look on your face…\" Instated. He just kept smiling, which got me worried. \"STACY, whatnthe hell is it?\" I pressed on getting a bit frustrated. He mumblednsomething. \"What was that?\" \"Youlikejay.\" He said REALLY fast. I think he may benjust a bit too excited. \"Huh?\" \"YOU LIKE JAY.\" He stated slowly and clearly. \"Oh… Hey! No I don't!\" I exclaimed defensively.nHow the hell did he figure that out? Does Stacy have some sort ofnmind-reading powers that I'm not aware of? That would explain anlot… heh… \"Then how do you explain why you keep looking back atnhim?\" I started to retaliate, but he stopped me. \"Also, how donyou explain hugging him? Hmm…?\" Damn him. \"Well of course I'd hug the person whom just savednmy life! And besides, you know me. I'm a huggable person!\" ohngod, I hope he buys that… \"You still didn't explain the looks you keepndirecting his way…\" \"I know…\" \"And why is that? Is there something you're hiding?nLike you…oh let me think… like Jay?\" I didn't say anything tonthat. I just didn't know WHAT to say because I'm not exactly surenWHAT I feel for Jay, IF I do have feelings for him.n\"Unresponsive…Hmm…\" \"Stacy, just drop it!\" I said a bit harshly. Henlooked kind of hurt. \"Stacy… you just don't know what I'mngoing through right now… Maybe I'll let you know how I feel aboutnhim when I figure out how I feel about him, because I don'tneven know myself.\" \"Okay, Jane. Okay.\" And he left it at that. By that time, we werenwalking up the walkway to Sid's house.[Chapter 8] Jade's P.O.V. Everyone was crammed into Sid's room. Well, not crammed, really, because his room was actually quite spaciousn(remember, he's rich). Sid had two queen-sized beds. Why? I don't even wantnto go there. Anyway, we all just basically just hung out in Sid'snroom, and occasionally went in to the kitchen to get something toneat. Around midnight, people started to get tired and wanted to go tonsleep. We had to figure out who was going to sleep where. It wasngoing to be three people to a bed. \"Well Sid will obviously sleep in his bed, so whondoesn't mind sharing with him?\" I asked. \"I'll share with him.\" Jane answered, soundingnlike she really didn't care where she slept, just as long as shenslept. I thought I saw Jay glare a bit at Sid. Hmm… \"I guess I'll share with them.\" I stated. \"Thatnleaves you three idiots to share the other one. Ha!\" I said andntried to run away. \"HEY! Who are you calling idiots?\" Tony yellednjokingly. \"You know what I think?\" Jay started. Oh no. Thatncan't be good. \"I think, pretty soon, Jade's gonna be feel likenthe idiot.\" He said and started to run after me. AH! Jay had tackled me to the ground and was now sitting onnmy back. Oh that dear best friend of mine. \"Jay! Get OFF!\" I yelled. \"Did anyone hear a noise just now?\" Jay asked.nEveryone laughed. He actually is trying to make me feel like annidiot. Not working. \"Jay! You're such an ass!\" I said. It probably didnlook pretty funny. I started laughing. \"No, I'm just on yours.\" \"That's it.\" I mumbled. He was heavy. Or at least,nto me, it felt like it. It pushed up from the ground with my arms andnthrew Jay off. \"Asshole.\" I snapped, pretending to be REALLY mad.nI stalked off and sat in the corner. I covered my head with my hands,nwhich were resting on my knees, at the moment. You couldn't see mynface. Jay walked over to me and sat down beside me. \"I'm sorry, Jade. Don't be mad.\" Ha-ha, henthinks I'm mad. Time to bring this joke to a higher level. Instarted pretending to cry. Oh yeah, here's the waterworks! \"Jade?nAre you okay? You know I didn't mean to upset you.\" He sounded sondesperate and worried! I couldn't hold it in any longer. I burstnout laughing! \"This is TOO FUNNY! I can't believe you fell fornthat, Jay!\" He looked confused for a second, then it clicked. Anfrown formed on his face, he just got up and walked back to where thenothers were after saying 'whatever.' Ha-ha. I looked to see what Jane had been doing while all thisnhad been going on. I searched the room with my eyes, and eventuallyncame across her. She was lying in Sid's bed, already asleep. Shenmust be tired. Then Sid went and laid down beside Jane. For somenreason Jane then grabbed on to Sid in her sleep and rested her headnon his shoulder. Sid was surprised, but then started to smirk and putnhis arm around her. I looked at him questionably and he justnshrugged. I was feeling tired too, so I laid down on the othernside of Sid. He gets embarrassed easily, so I think I may mess withnhis head a bit. I snuggled up to him by laying my head on his othernshoulder, and laying my hand on his chest. Sid just went with it andnput his remaining arm around me. I opened one eye only to see Stacy,nJay, and Tony all gaping at the three of us. Their expressions werenpriceless. \"Oh yeah, I'm a pimp.\" Sid said jokingly to thenguys. With that, I grabbed my pillow and hit him over the head withnit. \"Try anything and die.\" I said and turned my backnto him. The guys just chuckled. \"Dude!\" Jay started. \"You just gotncushion-slapped!\" he's so weird. That's why I love him. I could hear the threenboys walking over to the other bed. Someone had turned off the lightsnwhile on the way there.[Chapter 9] Jane's POV I woke up halfway through the night. I had a nightmare about what had happened earlier and just couldn't shake it enough to go back to bed. So I decided to go downstairs and look for a midnight snack. I was starving. I slowly got out of bed, trying not to wake up Jade or Sid. Looking over at them they both looked hilarious. Jade, her mouth wide open legs everywhere, and Sid, face planted on his pillow. I let out a small giggle. \"My friends\" I whispered to myself. As I made my way downstairs, I kinda knew my way because Sid and I hung out a lot since we were kids. It was kind of like a second home to me. One that I didn't feel uncomfortable or unsafe in. I was trying not to make any noise but Sid's house was pretty creaky. I finally made my way to the Kitchen and turned on a light when a familiar face almost scared the shit out of me. \"Whatt are you doing up?\" Jay said while scaring me half to death. \"Why are you sitting in the kitchen in the dark, you creep!\" I replied while moving my eye contact away from him to the fridge. I opened it and shuffled around, trying to avoid eye contact or just contact in general with him. I still didn't know how I felt. I did like him, that was obvious... and now that I thought about it, maybe I always have. Just a little bit at least. We have never seen eye to eye about anything ever. But maybe that was because my head was always trying to protect my heart. I've seen Jay date a lot of girls, and sometimes I didn't agree with the way he treated them. So maybe that's why. But I did date Tony. So lets just say my heart doesn't always have the best taste in men. But the way Jay saved me tonight. I think my heart just realized that it wants what it wants. And what it wants is Jay Adams. unfortunately. \"I was hungry. Just wanted to get a snack.\" He replied, and I heard the crunching of cereal in his mouth. \"That actually sounds like a good idea. For once in your life\" I teased. I went to the cupboard and got out a bowl, poured me some cereal and sat down beside Jay. \"No milk?\" He asked. \"Nah, It tastes more like a snack this way.\" I replied. That's when it got awkward. Well, it was always kinda awkward, but now there were no small talk options. So either we talked about what happened or just didn't talk at all. I looked over to Jay and watched him eat for a second. He looked so cute, and I just wanted to kiss him right then and there. But I knew that he would never. In a billion years. Ever. Feel that way about me. My heart was beating quicker and I knew I had to talk to Jade about this or I was going to explode. \"You okay Jane?\" He asked, finally noticing me staring at him like a creep. \"Did you want to talk about what happened tonight? Why didn't you tell me?\" He asked. \"That's a loaded question.\" I said, looking into my cereal. \"I'm not okay. I never really have been. I'm really good at hiding my feelings. Just trying to stay all happy on the outside so know one really knows. Well except for Jane, about my hurting on the inside sometimes.\" I replied. This was a deeper conversation then I thought I would ever have with him. Like ever. \"But why? You know you could have talked to me right?\" He said, looking right at me. He moved his hand closer to mine. Which was right beside my cereal bowl. \"Yeah right!\" I said getting a little upset. \"Me talking to you about anything. You hate me? And I hate you right? It's been like this forever. You annoy me and I annoy you back. Because your annoying and crazy and obnoxious.\" I just started listening all the things I didn't like about him to cover up the things I did. \"I don't hate you Jane. I never have hated you!\" He said, starting to take offense. \"You can be a little shit when you want to too. But I don't hate you. I just like to annoy you because your so easily annoyed. I'm sorry if you ever thought that I hated you.\" \"I don't hate you either Jay...\" I said, looking up at him. \"It's just hard.\" I whispered. Ever since me and Tony broke up, a little piece of my heart was still with him. I was still trying to figure out if I ever wanted to get back together with him. I mean it never hurt when he was chatting up different girls around me. But he was just super convenient. One of my best friends, who it would just be easy with. Well easy enough considering I was talking about Tony. \"Whats hard?\" Jay asked. Now turning to face me. All of this was so un-Jay like. He hadn't cracked a joke once. I have never seen him like this with anyone else. Well anyone else but Jade. But they were best friends. \"Feelings, I don't know. Why do you care?\" I asked, starting to get defensive again. Because I have this stupid complex. This stupid I don't want you to hurt me like my mom did and my dad does complex. \"Jane. I care about you.\" He said, his head down. I didn't know where this was headed. I was just still tired and worried and trying to figure out if I wanted to try and head down this road with Jay Adams. Who I still didn't know if he liked me too? How could he? I'm being a complete jerk to him right now. What does he mean care for me? In a friend way, in a more then friend way. Oh my god being in love is hard. Love... did I just think love? I can't be in love. I've only liked the guy officially in my head for less then 24 hours. Oh my god head thinking things. \"What do you mean?\" I asked, looking over to him. Our hands still just inches apart. \"Well that's a loaded question.\" He answered. Slighting smirking to himself. I just sighed and took a deep breath. \"I guess we can just talk about this tomorrow?\" I said. \"I'm glad we came to the conclusion that we don't hate each other. The guys will be happy about that.\" I smiled slighty over to him. He smiled back. I left my bowl of half eaten dry cereal on the counter to eat in the morning and headed back upstairs, leaving Jay to eat the rest of his. \"Goodnight\" I said while heading up the stairs. \"Same.\" He said back to me, a mouth full of cereal. When I went back into Sid's bedroom, I made my way back to the bed, to find Jade awake. \"What are you doing up?\" I whispered, while I lay back down. \"Where were you? I was freaking out! I thought you left.\" She whispered back. \"I was downstairs, eating a bowl of cereal. Chatting with Jay...\" I continued to whisper. \"WHAT?\" She whispered loudly. \"You and Jay Adams, were chatting and eating cereal together. What the fuck is up with the world.\" \"Well we came to the conclusion that we don't exactly hate each other. \" \"That's a good conclusion. Finally.\" Jade whispered with a sign of relief. \"Whatever. I still need to talk to you about something in the morning.\" I yawned, and turned to face Sid. \"Sure\" Jade said. \"Goodnight.\" \"Goodnight.\" ","Summary":" Jane's P.O.V. I walked along the streetnwith my best friend Jade to go meet our friends at their fa"},{"Movie":"SWAT","Title":"Unfinished Business","Author":"Rhadeya","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1919112","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: The characters and events of the movie S.W.A.T. are not mine. I make no money from writing this fan fic, reviews are the only reward I get for my time. Any new characters, and situations I put them into, are the property of me and are not to be used without my permission. Notes: the passage in italics is a dream sequence. Short first chapter to start with, next one will be longer, I promise :)[Chapter 2] Disclaimer: The characters and events of the movie S.W.A.T. are not mine. I make no money from writing this fan fic, reviews are the only reward I get for my time. Any new characters, and situations I put them into, are the property of me and are not to be used without my permission. Notes: OK, I promised this chapter would be longer, and it is :) 02. New Recruit[Chapter 3] Disclaimer: The characters and events of the movie S.W.A.T. are not mine. I make no money from writing this fan fic, reviews are the only reward I get for my time. Any new characters, and situations I put them into, are the property of me and are not to be used without my permission. Notes: OK, not really sure where I'm going with this yet, but we'll see :) 03. The Job The following day dawned bright and clear, the temperature rising as soon as the sun appeared over the horizon, promising another day of intense heat. Hospitals were overrun with cases of illness brought on by the unusual weather, and the other emergency services were stretched to breaking point with the number of accidents higher than normal. It was the perfect situation for Larnia's group to pull off their plan. Once the Anson building opened, Larnia entered the foyer and arranged an 'appointment' with Mr Swan, the head of the Collections and Debits department. By the time she was taken up to his office, She had already located the control room for the security systems and had planted a small jamming device under the chair she had been sat in, effectively rendering the building defenceless. The jammer would transmit a signal as soon as she activated it, allowing anyone who knew where the control room was to be able to access the building's full security system without the need for security codes. Timing was everything though; if the device was activated too soon, any secondary security systems installed might detect the disconnection of the main system and put the building on lock-down. Keeping an eye on the time, Larnia went through the motions of applying for a job in the company's technical department. Mr Swan appeared to be very impressed both with her resume and the short skirt she was wearing. She managed to keep her expression neutral as she observed Mr Swan 'checking her credentials', his attention diverted by her low cut blouse. It was one of the reasons Larnia had opted to do the initial insertion; she knew how to manipulate men like Mr Swan. The fact that she was also a technical wizard made her the perfect person to clear the way for the rest of the team. \"I think we may have a position to offer you Ms. Shea,\" Mr Swan told her, getting to his feet and extending his hand. \"Thank you,\" Larnia replied, shaking his hand and smiling sweetly. As they made their way back down to the lobby, Larnia spotted the black Mercedes parked outside and activated the jammer. The rest of the team had their timing perfect and, as she came level with the door for the technical control room, four men in black ski masks entered the building. \"Oh my god,\" Larnia cried in a terrified whisper, clinging to Swan's arm in apparent fear. She made only the briefest of eye contact with Corin, the leader of the masked men, before she was herded into the back room with the rest of the hostages. From the corner of her eye she saw Corin enter the control room and knew he would have the security systems shut down in a matter of seconds, if he followed the instructions she'd given him. Leaving the rest of the heist to her partners, Larnia slipped into character as a terrified hostage, satisfied that the job should go quickly and without incident. ## The call came in just as Hondo's team were finishing their morning firing practice. At first it seemed their assistance might not be required, but it soon became evident that the situation was much more severe than first anticipated. An additional security system had been installed in the Anson building so that, if the main system was compromised, it silently signalled for assistance to the nearest police division. When two officers were wounded as they tried to approach the building, the local units knew they were in need of some additional help, and called for SWAT involvement. \"Well, boys and girl, we have another incident,\" Hondo told them, snapping his cell phone shut. He led the way to the black Tahoe the team used, getting in the passenger side and oddly pleased when Street took his usual place behind the wheel. As they pulled out of the parking lot, the team began asking questions. \"What we got Hondo?\" Street wanted to know. \"We have ourselves both a 425 and a 413.\" \"Suspicious circumstances and person with gun?\" \"That's right,\" the team leader confirmed. \"Silent alarm was triggered at the Anson building about an hour ago. Was originally classified as a 425, suspicious circumstances.\" \"So what changed?\" Sanchez wondered out loud. \"Two patrolmen approached the building and were both shot.\" \"Dead?\" Boxer asked, his voice quiet. \"No, both officers received gun shot wounds to both legs and arms. The wounds were very carefully placed to incapacitate but not kill.\" The tone of his voice told the rest of the team that this small fact worried Hondo more than the actual situation did. \"Those are precision shots...\" Street put in, catching Hondo's eye for a brief moment. \"Yeah...\" \"So, we're dealing with pro's then?\" \"That's what it looks like,\" the older man confirmed. \"So be careful when we get there. We know they have hostages, but as yet they've made no demands.\" \"None?\" Deke asked, surprised. \"No, and that's not good either. They obviously know we're on to them, but they're not trying to bargain or make demands.\" \"Why choose that building? It's not a bank or large department store...\" Sanchez tried to figure out that part of the puzzle. She gripped the slender handle beside her head as Street swung the vehicle round a sharp corner, throwing them sideways. \"Wait a minute!\" Street exclaimed, slamming his hand against the steering wheel. \"The Anson building is home to Anson-Dante Technologies!\" \"So?\" chorused the rest of the team. \"A-D Tech make the computer systems for most of the major banks, as well as security systems for some of the largest corporations in the world. They're not after money!\" \"They're after something that will give them the power to break any bank, or infiltrate any company in the world. If they manage to get the codes out of that building, they'd be virtually unstoppable, and untraceable,\" Deke confirmed, swearing under his breath. \"We better make damn sure they don't get out of that building with their bounty then,\" Hondo told them, knowing they all knew what could happen if they failed... ## \"What the hell went wrong?\" Corin hissed in Larnia's ear, pressing his pistol to her temple. He'd dragged her out of the back room, away from the hostages, as soon as Matt had taken care of the two policemen. \"This was supposed to go down with no-one the wiser. The police were not supposed to be involved!\" \"Corin, I don't know what happened. They must have installed an additional fail safe programme since we got the specs for the security system!\" Pushing the gun away from her, she looked at Corin with an expression of thinly veiled disgust. In a lightning quick movement, she had her hand around his throat, pressing strong fingers against pressure points in his neck that would kill him if she kept up the pressure. \"Don't ever point a gun at me again!\" she whispered, waiting until he grunted his affirmation before she released her deadly hold. \"What the hell do we do now?\" \"We go to the back up plan. The police are not going to try anything while you have hostages, especially if you're using one of them as a human shield. So you grab me, threaten to kill me if they try anything. Use that situation to get everyone out to the car.\" \"And you think they're gonna let us go?\" \"You didn't kill those stupid cops. That'll count in your favour. Just try not to kill anyone and you should be able to get out of this alive,\" she shrugged, knowing she was more useful to her partner alive than she was dead. \"Don't think I won't kill you myself if this goes to hell,\" Corin threatened. \"Don't be stupid, Corin. You know as well as I do that you can't crack those codes without me. Now put me back with the rest of the hostages and wait for the hostage negotiator.\" \"Sure.\" Pushing her ahead of him, Corin took her back to the room where they were keeping the hostages. He noted with admiration that she played the role of helpless hostage to perfection. \"Do as you're told and no-one will get hurt!\" he snarled at them, his weapon held prominently for them all to see. He knew that the rest of his team had little chance of escape. That fact didn't really bother him; the rest of the people here were expendable. As long as he escaped, he could meet up with Larnia later and decrypt the codes they had stolen. The sewer access in the small yard behind the building would allow him to leave without any problems, and if the police believed Larnia was an innocent bystander, she'd be out of custody within a few hours ## Screeching to a halt a few hundred yards from the Anson building, Hondo and his team were ready to go. They headed to the SWAT truck, nodding their greeting to Lieutenant Velasquez as they all finished getting their gear on. \"So, what's the situation?\" Hondo asked his friend. \"They're definitely pro's. Every attempt to approach the building has result in non-fatal gun shot wounds.\" \"Do we have authorisation to go in?\" \"Not at present. We're to secure the perimeter and ensure they have no exit, other than out the front.\" \"Roger that,\" Hondo said, his voice calm. \"I see you're still one short...\" \"Well, you know how it is...\" Winking at his friend, Hondo turned back to his team. \"You heard the man. Secure the area and make sure all possible escape routes are covered.\" They paused as one of the gunmen came towards the front door of the Anson building, looking out through one of the many broken windows. \"Let us leave and no-one gets hurt!\" Corin shouted to the SWAT officers outside. The team looked at each other briefly, determined to take down these people before they started getting desperate. \"We can end this peacefully, with no fatalities. Just let us go. Otherwise, you'll be explaining to this lady's family why you couldn't save her...\" he finished, grabbing a woman from one of this partners. \"Oh shit! What the hell have you gotten yourself into this time, Larnia?\" muttered Street, looking at the terrified woman that the gunman was holding. \"What?!?\" As one the team turned to look at Jim, their expressions a mixture of disbelief and amazement. \"You know her?\" Hondo asked, his voice dangerously quiet. \"Yeah, I know her,\" Street confirmed, sighing. \"She's my wife...\" Hmm, that's a cliff hanger isn't it? If you want me to keep going, please review :)[Chapter 4] Disclaimer: The characters and events of the movie S.W.A.T. are not mine. I make no money from writing this fan fic, reviews are the only reward I get for my time. Any new characters, and situations I put them into, are the property of me and are not to be used without my permission. Notes: Thanks to Katie for the review... glad that little twist at the end was a surprise :) 04. Blast from the Past Sanchez stared at Jim Street, looking at him as if he was a stranger. They had shared so much during their short time as SWAT teammates, and had become close friends, or so she'd thought. They had even had a brief fling together, but both had decided it wasn't going to work. Yet, after everything they had shared, Jim had never once mentioned he was married. \"Wonder if Boxer's sister knew about his wife?\" she wondered, angry and confused. She knew she wasn't jealous, just upset that he obviously didn't trust her enough to tell her about that part of his past. \"Guess he doesn't trust any of us enough,\" she thought, looking at the shocked expressions on the faces of the rest of the team. \"We'll deal with this later. Right now, we have a job to do,\" Hondo told them, recovering first. \"Right,\" Sanchez agreed, casting a betrayed look at Jim. \"We've seen they have hostages, but so far they seem to have been loathe to kill anyone. Maybe we can use that to our advantage,\" Hondo advised, taking control of a difficult situation. \"20-David is securing the rear of the building, so we get to go in the front.\" Moving off to speak to Velasquez, Hondo sighed quietly to himself. \"So, you been holding out on us?\" Deke whispered, nudging Street in the ribs. \"It's a long story... and one I don't want to go into right now,\" Jim replied, keeping his voice low. He moved a few steps away form the rest of his team, needing time to think. He hadn't seen Larnia for several years, and this was the last place he had been expecting to see her. Brian had been the only person who had known about her, but his former partner was dead and he was going to have to face her alone this time. \"Dammit, why did you have to be involved in this?\" he cursed silently, angry with her for being in danger. \"Right, we're going to...\" Hondo began, stopping at the look on Deke's face. \"What?\" \"Look...\" Nodding towards the building, the team followed Deke's gaze and saw the armed man moving away from the window, dragging Jim's wife with him. \"Shit!\" The curse came from Jim, who was snapping a fresh clip into his rifle. Deke and Boxer grabbed his arms, restraining him from rushing into a potentially deadly situation. \"Street!\" Hondo barked, throwing a warning look at the younger man. \"Not yet! We still have to try for a peaceful...\" he stopped as a single gun shot rang out, coming from the building behind them. Screams from the other hostages told them that something had gone terribly wrong. \"Lar!\" \"Let's go!\" Hondo ordered, breaking his own rules. \"20-David, do you have the rear of the building secured?\" \"Affirmative. 20-David has containment,\" came the reply over the radio. \"Right, let's go.\" Leading the way, Hondo started towards the Anson building, weapon trained on one of the gunmen, just inside the front door. \"Freeze!\" shouted Boxer, aiming at another gunman who had just come into sight. Both men briefly looked as though they might resist but, seeing they were outgunned and surrounded, they quickly lowered their weapons. \"Place your weapons on the floor and back away slowly.\" Hondo slowly approached one of the suspects, as Sanchez and Deke moved forwards to disarm him. The first two suspects were quickly and efficiently taken into custody, and the third was in handcuffs moments later. Boxer and Street moved forward, looking for the fourth gunman, the rest of the team close behind them. Weapons raised, they turned in perfect tandem as a side door opened. Lowering their weapons slightly, they stared at the woman who had just emerged, noting the blood on her leg from some type of wound. Before Hondo could stop him, Street took a step towards her, seeing the shock register on her face as she recognised him... ## \"I've got everything we need. I'll meet you at the beta rendezvous in two days,\" Corin whispered in Larnia's ear, hiding his smile as she schooled her expression to appear even more terrified, as if he had just whispered a deadly threat to her. \"Please, don't hurt me,\" she whimpered on cue, the words a pre-arranged response to confirm she understood the plan. He dragged her back away from the window and into the small control room, unbolting the door to the enclosed yard at the back of the building. \"I'll take care of the loose ends, you just make sure they don't suspect you were involved in pulling this off,\" he muttered to her, placing a gentle kiss on the back of her neck. Slipping out of the door, he fired a single shot at the floor a few feet from her, then quickly shut the door, knowing the police would have heard the shot. They would assume he'd shot her and storm the building, taking care of the loose ends, which were the hired guns he had used to pull this job off. \"Yeah, I know my job Corin. One day, you'll be the loose end and I'll be the one taking care of it ,\" she snarled under her breath, disgusted at the part she was being forced to play. Shaking her head, she slipped back into character and went to hurry back to the rest of the hostages. She was mildly surprised when a sharp pain laced up her thigh as she put weight on her right leg, and looked down to see blood running down over her knee. A sliver of stone floor tile, about the size of a dollar coin, was embedded in her thigh a few inches above her knee. \"Must be ricochet from that stupid ass stunt shot!\" she thought, reaching down to yank the sliver from her leg. Blood flowed freely from the wound, making it appear that she had indeed been shot by Corin as he made his escape. \"All to the good,\" she murmured. Schooling her expression into a look of pain and fear, she limped from the room, just as a SWAT team entered the building. Leaning against the wall, she couldn't keep the shock off her face as she came face to face with her husband... ## An eerie silence seemed to descend in the building as Street and Larnia looked at each other, neither saying a word. Other SWAT officers came from other areas of the building, all searching for the missing fourth suspect, and none of them missing the tableau by the security control room. \"What are you doing here Lar?\" Street asked, his eyes devouring the woman before him. He fought the urge to reach for her, gather her into his arms and never let her go again. Five years and she still had complete control over him. \"I was applying for a job. Where's Brian?\" Looking pale, she leaned heavily against the wall, a steady trickle of blood running from her wound. \"A job? What the hell are you doing back in the country? Last I heard, you'd gone back to England...\" \"Yeah, a job. I'm a programmer, remember? I got head hunted about 18 months ago and took a job in New York. When that folded a few weeks ago, I came down here to see if I could find something new,\" she told him, her voice wavering slightly. \"And you never thought to stop in and say hi?\" Angry and hurt, the pain of their past together came flooding back, threatening to overwhelm him. \"I thought about it, but I figured you probably wouldn't appreciate me intruding on your life anymore.\" \"You never gave me that choice!\" \"No, I didn't. I guess now you know how it feels huh?\" Her breathing sounded laboured as she struggled to remain standing, anger and adrenaline the only things keeping her conscious. \"What's going on Lar? What are you really doing here?\" He wanted answers, and he was determined to get them. \"I told you, I was here to see about a job...\" she started to say. \"Cut the crap Larnia! I want the truth, now!\" he interrupted, his voice low. \"That is the truth...\" \"Don't try that innocent routine with me baby. I know all about the reason you went back to England... about the arrest... and the long jail sentence you were facing...\" \"Jimmy, shut up!\" she hissed, her gaze fixing on the three men being escorted from the building by the police. He followed her line of sight, and held his tongue until the men were out of earshot. \"Now, you want to tell me what's really going on baby?\" \"It's a long story Jim, and one you don't want to hear...\" Her voice trailed off as a wave of dizziness swept over her, the room spinning around her. Street closed the distance between them and slipped his arm around her waist, supporting her as her legs suddenly refused to hold her weight. Dropping to his knees, he lowered her to the floor and cradled her in his arms, tenderly brushing a stray lock of hair from her face. \"When did you get that?\" she whispered, running her fingers lightly over the large white scar on the back of his right hand. \"A few months ago...\" he began, his throat constricting as he recalled who had given it to him. \"Now, you ready to tell me what's going on?\" \"You seem to know some of it already...\" she began, pausing as Sanchez knelt beside them, slipping a strip of material round her leg and tying a tourniquet to try and stop the bleeding. \"I know you got caught... something to do with computer viruses. I know you were arrested and sentenced to 10 years in prison, but you never made to any correctional facility.\" \"The perks of working in law enforcement huh?\" Her voice was quiet as she smiled gently up at him. When he nodded, and returned her smile, she continued. \"I was given a choice. Either work for a certain law enforcement agency back home, or spend the next ten years in jail. I didn't like the sound of jail, so I chose to serve my country and work undercover...\" \"Undercover? Doing what?\" Sanchez asked, curious. \"Infiltrating high tech criminal groups. With my reputation, it was easy to convince people to include me. Last six months, I've been working with one group in particular, trying to find out who's funding their activity.\" \"I still don't see the connection...\" Chris confessed. \"I do,\" Street sighed, shaking his head slightly. \"You were the ringer, right?\" \"The ringer?\" Deke sounded confused. \"Yeah. I go in, plant a simple jammer, and provide a distraction. When the job goes down, I play the role of frightened hostage...\" she explained, laughing slightly. \"Bet that was fun,\" Jim murmured, winking slightly at her. \"Oh yeah...\" \"So, what now?\" \"Well, as long as you guys don't breath a word of what I've just told you, there shouldn't be a problem. As far as Corin knows, you guys will think I'm just one of the hostages... in the wrong place at the wrong time...\" \"Right...\" \"And I meet him as planned in two days time. I can't jeopardise my assignment. As long as my cover hasn't been blown, I should still be able to find out who's at the top of this pyramid...\" \"And if your cover has been blown?\" His voice was tight as he asked the question, fearing the answer. \"If that's the case, when I meet Corin in two days time... one of won't leave the meeting alive...\" \"Larnia...\" \"No! Don't try to stop me Jimmy. I know what I'm doing, and I can handle myself!\" \"Please Lar, think about this...\" \"Jimbo...\" she murmured, looking up at him suddenly. \"Yes, Lar?\" \"Baby, where's Brian?\" \"What?\" Thrown by the unexpected question, Jim wasn't sure what to say. It was a question he knew she was going to ask, given her relationship to his former partner, but he didn't know what to tell her. Did he tell her the truth? That Brian screwed up, got thrown off SWAT and then betrayed his friend? Did he tell her that Brian had died by his hand? \"Jim, where's Brian? Where's my brother...?\" Hmm, another cliffhanger huh? Should I keep going? If the answer is yes, review and tell me so ;-)[Chapter 5] Disclaimer: Still don't own anything but my original characters lol Notes: Hmmm, so what's gonna happen next, I wonder? If you want me to continue, please review. I don't get paid for writing fan fics, the only thing I get for putting in the time and effort, is reviews. For a writer, reviews can be the making or breaking of a fic, so please let me know what you think of the story so far, and whether you want me to continue :) This chapter doesn't have much action, but it does fill in some of the history between Street and Larnia ;-) 05. Painful Truths Faint light filtered in through the blinds as Larnia came back to consciousness. At first she was confused as to her whereabouts, but the events of the day slowly surfaced in her mind and she groaned slightly at the memories. She remembered things going sour at the Anson Building, and Corin being extremely upset about the fact. She also recalled him slipping out the back door while no-one was looking, firing a single shot to goad the police officers outside, and the small ricochet fragment that had hit her leg. Opening her eyes, she saw lots of white and it took a few moments for her tired mind to register that she was in a hospital of some kind. \"Think!\" she scolded herself silently, trying to recall the rest of the events of the day. She remembered that the police SWAT teams had stormed the building, and that... \"Jim...\" she whispered, her throat sore. Jim had been there, and he'd been angry with her. It seemed he was still angry about the way she had left, and with her being in the middle of a hostage situation. \"I'm here Lar.\" The voice sounded familiar to her, but it took a second for her to recognise it as Jim's. \"Jim?\" \"I'm here baby. Just relax, you're safe now.\" The gentle, quiet words had the desired effect of calming her, and she smiled slightly. \"I'm glad you're here. I was afraid I wouldn't be able to tell you... I'm sorry.\" \"Shhh, it's ok. We can talk later. Rest now.\" She felt his hand wrap around hers and sighed. The drugs in her system washed over her again and she slipped into a deep, healing sleep. ## The room was dark when she came round again, feeling a little stronger than she had before. Slowly turning her head, she saw that no light filtered through the blinds and realised that it was night. A gentle pressure against her left hip registered and she looked down to see Jim, sat in a chair and with his head resting on the bed beside her, fast asleep. Larnia smiled slightly, remaining still, and watched him sleep. He looked so carefree and young when he was asleep, as though all the worries he carried with him during the day had just disappeared. Her gaze fell on the large scar on his right hand, and she wondered again when he'd gotten it... and who had given it to him. It looked new, as though it had only been a few months since it had happened. Had he been injured in the line of duty, or involved in some sort of bar brawl? Either way, it seemed an unusual injury to have received, especially when Brian would have had his back. That thought made her stop her musing, and she wondered again where her half-brother was. He hadn't been with the rest of the SWAT team, and he wasn't here by her bedside. Those two facts worried her; surely Jim would have told him she was here? She knew he had to be around somewhere, she just didn't know where. The change in her breathing roused the man beside her and she smiled as he raised his head, blinking sleepily at her. \"Hey you,\" she murmured. \"Hey yourself. How you feeling?\" His voice still slurred with sleep, he smiled gently at her, squeezing her hand. \"I'm doing ok. What am I doing here?\" \"Well, you remember that wound you got...\" \"Yeah?\" \"It nicked the artery in your leg. Sanchez managed to slow the bleeding but you lost a fair amount of blood. It was touch and go for a while...\" The tone of his voice told her that he was making light of the situation. \"How long have I been here?\" \"Three days. You came round a couple of times, muttering something. No-one could make out what you were saying though.\" \"Three days?! Shit!!\" Angry, she tried to push herself into a sitting position, but she was still too weak to move very far. \"What's the matter?\" Jim asked her, concerned. \"Hey, relax baby.\" \"No! I was supposed to meet Corin yesterday!\" \"Lar, it's been all over the news that you were injured in the hold-up. This Corin guy is bound to have heard about it. We made sure that, as far as the media is concerned, you were an innocent bystander who was badly wounded by a gunman who escaped capture,\" Jim reassured her, gently but firmly making her lay back down. \"Really?\" \"Yeah, cross my heart.\" He winked at her when she smiled at his choice of words. \"So, what are you doing here, Jim?\" \"Same thing you were doing six years ago, when...\" He paused, unable to continue as memories of that time washed over him. \"When you got shot in the line of duty, and I nearly lost you?\" \"Yeah, that,\" he murmured, sighing. \"You've been here the whole time? Why?\" she wanted to know, searching his face. \"Well... partly because it means I don't have to explain to the rest of my team about you... or us... but mainly because I still love you, even after everything that's happened...\" \"Look, Jim... I had to go. You must understand that... after what happened, I couldn't stay here. Too many bad memories...\" \"Lar, I know you blame yourself for Dani's death but it wasn't your fault. You had no way of knowing you were going to get mugged that day, or that he'd have a knife... and be willing to use it.\" \"I know, but I still wonder if the situation would have been different if I had just given him my bag. Would he still have stabbed me, and murdered our daughter? Or would he just have disappeared? If she hadn't died, would we still be together, maybe even had a couple more children?\" \"I don't know love, I really don't know.\" A solitary tear ran down his cheek as he looked down at her, the pain of those months still as fresh as the day it had happened. \"When we got the call, Brian and I must have broken every speed limit in the state to get to you. The doctor told me that your chances were 50/50 but that Dani was already dead. They said the knife had severed her spine and she'd died instantly. What they didn't mention was that...\" \"That the damage done by the knife would prevent me having any children in the future,\" she finished for him, her voice tight. \"Yeah. Thing is, you never let me in after that. You shut yourself off, like you were trying to protect me... but I needed you. I knew you were grieving, but so was I.\" \"I know, and I'm sorry. I couldn't deal with it. That's why I ran off and got involved in that stupid computer virus stunt,\" she confessed. \"I guess, in some way, I felt as though I needed to be punished... for something... It took a long time to come to terms with everything that had happened. By the time I finally realised exactly what I'd lost, I figured it was too late to come back and try to make amends.\" \"You figured wrong...\" ## The silence in the room stretched out as Jim and Larnia simply looked at each other, in a way they hadn't looked at each other for a long time. They had been happy during their marriage, but the death of their unborn daughter had caused a rift between them. Grief, mingled with guilt on both sides, had stopped them from healing the breach and one day, a few months later, Jim had gone to work and come home to find his wife gone. Six months of searching had turned up no trace of her, until he had spotted her name on an FBI list of captured hackers. After that he'd been able to track her movements for another six months, until she seemed to vanish from police records. One of the perks of working in law enforcement... she'd been right on that score. \"Jimmy, why haven't you answered my question baby?\" \"Which question?\" he asked, suddenly afraid of what he might have to tell her. \"Where's my half-brother? Why isn't Brian here? Why wasn't he with you the other day, when the team took down Corin's hired thugs?\" \"That's three questions...\" He was stalling, and she knew it. \"Jim...\" \"Lar, a lot of things have happened since you left...\" \"He's dead, isn't he?\" she asked, his silence confirming her suspicions. \"Did you do it?\" \"I... he... it's complicated...\" he finished, lamely. \"So, you did do it. What happened?\" \"Things went bad. About ten months ago, a hold up situation went bad and we both got thrown off the team. Brian got mouthy with Fuller and got himself fired. I stayed, but he never forgave me. He was convinced I'd sold him out to the brass...\" The pain in his voice was unmistakable. \"And...\" \"Four months ago, we got called in to escort a guy called Alex Montel...\" \"The guy who offered $100,000,000 to anyone who could free him from police custody?\" \"Yeah, him,\" Jim sighed, closing his eyes. \"One of our guys, TJ, he couldn't resist and set us up. He and Brian freed Montel, nearly killed another one of my team in the process, and tried to get Montel out of the country. We followed them...\" he stopped as his throat constricted, the pain and guilt of what he had done worse now than it had been on the night he'd killed his best friend. \"And you killed my brother? There's more to it than that. You wouldn't just throw away a lifetime of friendship unless it was extreme circumstances...\" \"He tried to kill me...\" \"That's where you got the scar, isn't it? Brian did that... because he believed you'd betrayed him...\" Her voice was deceptively calm as she made the link she hadn't wanted to believe. \"Yeah. I'm so sorry Lar, I didn't want it to end like that...\" His eyes filled with tears, for old pain as well as new... ## The door to Larnia's hospital room was behind them, and out of their immediate line of sight. Neither of them saw Hondo standing in the doorway, the rest of his team behind him. The four SWAT officers had heard every word, and none of them knew what to say about it. Moving silently away, they said nothing until they were outside the hospital and back in their vehicle. Each one of them was trying to comprehend exactly what their team member had been through. Sanchez and Deke could understand a little of what the couple must have felt after the murder of their daughter; they each knew how they would feel if anything ever happened to their own children. Hondo knew how it felt to be betrayed by a work partner; Fuller had betrayed him a long time ago. Boxer could understand how devastating the loss of her brother must be for Larnia; he didn't want to think what he might resort to if he lost his sister. But none of them could fully understand the losses that Jim and his wife had suffered, or how either of them had managed to stay sane after everything they had been through... OK, should I go on? Will Corin believe the media stories about Larnia? Or has her cover been blown? Can Jim and his wife ever heal the rift between them?[Chapter 6] Disclaimer: Do I still need to write this in? Don't own anything, even my sanity, but the original characters and situations are mine and are not to be used without my express permission. Notes: Since ppl have been requesting I continue, here's the next chapter. Italics are flashback. Sorry about the lack of action, but I'm setting the scene for the next chapter, which will bring Larnia and Corin back together... 06. Dangerous Games Darkness had descended over the city as Corin sat in his hotel room opposite the hospital, watching the comings and goings of the busy ER. He knew Larnia was inside, and that she had attracted a lot of attention from the police; the SWAT teams in particular seemed to be very interested in her, but he had been unable to ascertain why. Perhaps they were simply discussing with her what had happened in the control room when he had disappeared, and she had nearly died from a small wound in the wrong place. A small twinge of guilt ran through him as he recalled the shot he had fired at the floor, not realising that a sliver from the stone floor would ricochet and hit her. Nor had he had any way of knowing that the sliver would embed itself in her thigh, nicking the artery in her leg and causing her to nearly die from the blood loss she had suffered. However, as they had not arrested her, he knew that her cover had not been blown. All he could do now was wait for her to be released from hospital and then the two of them would disappear with the codes they had stolen, codes which would make him rich. Of course, she would have to make a permanent disappearance but it was all part of the game they were playing. He felt a brief moment of sadness at the thought of killing her, but he knew it was something that had to be done. He ran the sharpening stone along the edge of the blade in his hand, knowing it was sharp enough to slit her throat without her ever being able to scream. Setting the blade on the table beside him, Corin turned his attention back to the hospital across the road, waiting for the right moment to strike. Jim looked at his former wife, feeling the hot sting of the tears which rolled down his cheeks. Ever since he had lost his daughter, he'd bottled up his pain and, when Larnia left, he'd thrown himself into his work and tried to forget. Now, the memories came flooding back, and he was powerless to stop them... A gentle, but insistent, tapping against his hand roused him from a light sleep and he opened his eyes, vaguely surprised to see his wife smiling at him. His right hand was laid gently against her swollen abdomen and he lay still, wondering what had woken him. He felt the tapping again, slightly harder this time, and gasped as his sleep fogged mind finally registered what he was feeling. He turned eyes wide with awe towards his wife and saw her wink, her own eyes sparkling with mischief. Smiling back at her, he sighed happily and tenderly ran his hand over silky soft skin, feeling several kicks in response to his touch. He lay back next to the woman he loved, and savoured his first experience of feeling his child kicking... \"And there's her head,\" the nurse told them, indicating a point on the small monitor beside her. Jim looked over at Larnia, grinning like a child at Christmas with a brand new toy. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw the amused smile on the face of the nurse, and guessed his was a fairly common reaction from a first time father, but that fact didn't alter his joy and wonder at seeing his daughter for the first time. He wondered what she would look like when she grew up; would she have Larnia's soft features and ocean blue eyes? Would she be as much of a tearaway as they had both been when they were children? Would he vet all potential suitors, turning them away if he found even the slightest fault? His smile wider than ever, he gently squeezed his wife's hand and turned back to the monitor... He pressed his foot hard against the accelerator pedal of his car, hardly seeing the rev counter spike or the speedo needle slip past the 100mph mark. Beside him, his best friend sat in silence, his face white and his jaw clenched. Jim swung the car around a corner, running several red lights as he sped down the road towards the hospital. Mark's words still echoed in his mind... \"Jim, there's been an incident...Larnia's hurt...\" He shook his head, trying to rid himself of the terrifying possibilities which kept forcing themselves into his mind. He barely registered arriving at the hospital, nor running in and demanding to know where his wife was. He stopped short when a doctor in surgical scrubs approached them, asking if he was Larnia's husband. His body went numb as he heard the doctor's words, but he felt the burning tears which fell unchecked as the doctor informed him that his unborn daughter was dead, and his wife was in critical condition... He stood in the dark, hearing the train approaching. He looked down at the man who had once been his best friend, the man who had betrayed him and tried to kill him moments ago. In those few seconds, as Brian lay on the track, knowing he was about to die, he saw betrayal in his former friend's eyes. Not for the incident 6 months before when they'd parted ways, but for Larnia. Brian's eyes told him that her brother blamed him for letting her go, for the trouble she'd gotten into since, for her disappearance, and for the death of Brian's unborn niece. As the train thundered past, instantly killing Brian, a single tear slipped down Jim's cheek, and he bowed his head, knowing he'd failed both of the people he cared about most... He slowly came back to the present, taking a moment to realise that Larnia's arms were around him, comforting him as he finally vented his grief. He remained there, his head laid against his wife's leg, allowing himself to grieve for everything he'd lost. His tears spent, he stayed still, feeling safe within the circle of his wife's arms. He knew he would have to explain everything to his team mates, and watch the woman he loved walk out of his life once more. As that thought struck him, a wave of fear washed over him and he sat up, pulling away from the comfort she offered. Wordlessly he looked at her, knowing that if he lost her again, and didn't have Brian to help him through the pain, it would destroy him. \"Lar, I don't want you to go to that meeting. It's too dangerous,\" he said, his heart in his voice. \"James, I have to go. I'm in too deep now, if I don't go then I'm as good as dead already.\" Her eyes begged him to understand, to let her do what she had to. \"Why?\" \"Because I'm the only one who has the information Corin's group needs. Without me, the data we stole is useless. But,\" she told him, holding up her hand to stop him from interrupting as she continued. \"If I don't make it to the rendezvous, he won't stop until he's found me, got what he needs and killed me.\" \"And what if he turns on you at the rendezvous?\" \"He won't try anything until I've given him what he needs. Jim, you have to trust me, I do know what I'm doing.\" She brushed her fingers down his face as she spoke, mildly surprised to feel the same instant electric connection they'd shared before life had fallen apart for them both. She could offer him the comfort he desperately needed now, for she had dealt with those same demons already, and come to terms with her loss. She was about to tell him that fact, when a timid knock at the door interrupted them. A fresh-faced young nurse came into the room, carrying a bouquet of white lilies in a blue glass vase. She smiled at the couple, placing the vase on the cabinet beside the bed and slipping out of the room without saying a word. Larnia glanced at Jim, her expression a mixture of puzzlement and amusement as she reached over and removed the small card nestled within the heart of the flowers. Her eyes widened as she read the simple, one line message it contained and she sighed deeply, knowing the time had come for her to finish what she'd started. \"When do you think they'll let me leave?\" she asked quietly, her eyes skimming the message once more. \"Another day or so, you've had back the blood you lost. Why?\" \"Because I need to leave as soon as I can.\" She handed him the plain white card, which simply read: posterus dies dimidium fontis quadratus 3 . ( future days half fountain square 3). Jim looked at her, puzzled by the strange message as she translated the words. \"What does it mean?\" \"It means I have to meet him in half a week, three days, at the Square Fountain. It's a dingy motel not far from here, the kinda place we used to go when we had no cash,\" she explained. She winked at him when he smiled at her last words, knowing they'd stayed in some pretty run down dives during their early relationship. \"You're playing a dangerous game Lar. I don't want you getting yourself killed. I've already lost my best friend; I don't want to lose you as well, not again...\" His throat tightened as he thought of Brian, and how they'd supported each other after she left. It was one of the reasons Brian had gotten so reckless the day they'd been thrown off the team, because he was still trying to deal with his sister's disappearance. \"I have to do this Jim, you know that. I promise that, if I get out of this alive, I'm not going anywhere ever again.\" The tender look she gave him showed the truth of her words, and Street felt a stab of desire so strong it was almost overwhelming. \"I'll hold ya to that,\" he threatened, leaning forward and gently pressing his lips to hers... Across the street, in the dark hotel room, Corin watched the comings and goings outside the hospital. He knew that Larnia would understand the message he had included with the flowers. His lips curved into a smug smile as he wondered whether she would get the significance of the flowers themselves, for lilies were commonly used as funeral bouquets, and he would make sure he laid some on her grave... OK, there'll be some action in the next chapter, I promise ;-)[Chapter 7] Don't own it, don't make anything from writing this so please don't sue All original characters and situations are mine, and are not to be used without permission. My apologies for it having taken 6 years to get going on this again but life got in the way and my muses went on an extended vacation Still, they're back now I know I said there'd be action in this chapter but I promise things will get real tense really soon Larnia sat on the edge of the hospital bed as the doctor gave her a final once over, to satisfy himself that she was fit enough to leave their care. Nodding to himself, he checked her pulse, breathing, blood pressure and huffed at the way the cut to her leg was healing. \"Well, Ms Shea, it appears that you are well enough to leave. I would, however, advise against any strenuous activity for several days, at least until the stitches have been removed from your wound,\" the doctor told her, smiling as he indicated she was free to leave. Jim Street stood by the door, looking particularly fit in jeans and a snug fitting black t-shirt, and moved to offer her his arm as support when she got up off the bed. She suppressed the twinge of pain she felt as she put weight on her leg, knowing she'd have to get used to it until the injury was properly healed. She took Jim's arm, grateful for the support, and the paid slowly made their way down to the car park, and Jim's car. \"Jim, how much do your team mates know about me? About us?\" \"Only that we were married, and what you told them at the Anson Building. Why?\" he asked, wondering about the reason for her question. \"So they don't know Brian was my half brother? Or about Dani? I can't remember half of what I said,\" she confessed, as she got into the car and tried to find a comfortable position. \"I don't think they heard the bit about Brian, you were pretty quiet by that point baby. It was after you asked the question that you passed out from the blood loss,\" Street told her, starting the car and heading towards the exit. They didn't speak for a while as they drove and it was only when they pulled onto his driveway that Larnia realised where they were. \"Jim...\" she began, stopping when he reached over a placed his finger against her lips. \"I'm not taking any arguments Lar. I have a spare room here. You can crash for as long as you want, no strings, but I'm not about to abandon you again.\" \"Thanks Jimmy,\" she said simply, accepting his help without argument. \"Come on, you could probably do with some proper food,\" he laughed, hiding his confusion at her easy acceptance of his offer of help. The Larnia he knew would have argued for a good hour or more before accepting help, and he wondered just what had happened in the 5 years since they'd parted ways. Brushing aside his doubts, he helped her out of the car and into the house, knowing he'd get his answers eventually. ## Corin watched the apartment block where Larnia lived well into the night, wondering where she was and why she had not come home. He knew she had been released from the hospital and that one of the SWAT officers had given her a lift, but he had assumed she would be coming straight home to then make contact with him. He reasoned that perhaps she had been unable to come home, for fear that the police were still watching her, and had opted for another location to lay low until their meeting. The fact that she had not returned home was an annoyance to Corin, as he had planned to confront her as soon as she got back and take what he needed, then dispose of her quickly and quietly. He consoled himself with the fact that, in less than 48 hours, he would be a very rich man living in a country with a temperate climate and no extradition treaty with the USA. He amused himself with fantasies of his new lifestyle while he waited for the only loose end to make herself available to die. ## The smell of well done steak and mashed potatoes with cheese slowly wafted into the living room of Jim Street's apartment, making Larnia's mouth water and her stomach grumble. She smiled to herself, remembering how Jim had always insisted on cooking whenever he could, and some of the crazy dishes he'd come up with. She curled up on the sofa in sweat pants and an old Iron Maiden t-shirt, still trying to get her head around the events of the past few days and the shocks she had gotten, the most recent of which being the discovery that Jim had kept the things she had left behind at their old house. Some items of clothing, including the ones she now wore, as well as a few bits of jewellery and some tatty books had spent the past 5 years nearly packed away in a box, which he had hidden in his closet and never let anyone see. The faint scent of Jim on the clothes told her that he had not just left them in the box, and made her wonder how often he'd thought of her since she left. She wasn't about to admit it to him, but she'd seen him on television the day Alex Montel had made his crazy offer to the waiting press, and she'd even gone so far as to pick up the phone, ready to call the cell number she knew still belonged to him. She never made the call, afraid of what his reaction would be to her reappearance in his life, but she admitted to herself now that her feelings for him had not changed. She wondered whether he'd ever had the marriage dissolved, given that they had been separated for so many years, and her hand strayed to the necklace she always wore, her fingers finding the plain gold band which hung from the chain. Corin knew of it, he'd been told the sad story of how she'd lost her husband and child in a home invasion that was the cover story which went with the new identity she'd been given, that of Lara Shea. She vaguely recalled telling Jim of her new identity just before she passed out, and the drivers license in her purse had been used to confirm her identity. Her musing was interrupted by Jim entering the room, carrying 2 large plates heaped with food, one of which he handed to her. The TV in the corner remained switched off as Jim settled onto the sofa next to his wife and they both dived into their food with abandon. Neither spoke while they ate, content to simply share each other's company in a comfortable silence while they organised their scattered thoughts. They finished their meal, Jim clearing up their plates and putting them into the dishwasher before returning to the living room and settling back onto the sofa beside his wife. \"So…\" Jim started to say, unsure where to start on what he wanted to say. \"I still….\" She began at the same time, stopping to try and articulate what she had in her heart. \"When you left, it felt like my world came to an end. In the space of a few months, I lost everything; our home, our child and the woman I loved. Brian convinced me to apply for the force but it took time to get my life back to some semblance of normality,\" he told her, not wanting to hurt her with his words but needing her to know how he'd felt. \"I know Jimmy, and I'm sorry. I think, in a way, when I left I was trying to punish myself for what happened. I felt like I had to leave, that I didn't deserve to have you when I couldn't even protect our child,\" she sobbed, her tears flowing freely as she finally admitted to him her guilt and pain. He gathered her into his arms, his tears mingling with hers as the grief that had driven them apart finally brought them together to complete the healing process. They cried themselves out, letting their tears carry away all the pain, the anger and the heartache they had both been carrying with them. He pulled away slightly, looking her in the eye as he reached up and gently lifted the chain out from beneath her t-shirt, his thumb brushing lightly against the cold metal of her slender wedding band. \"I can't believe you kept this,\" he murmured, tilting his head to one side as he looked at her. \"I rarely take it off, and when I do, it goes on that chain so it's always with me,\" she confessed, looking down at her clenched hands so she wouldn't have to look at him. She tried to calm herself but being this close to him was difficult, even after all the time that had passed and the heartache she had been through. Every minute of every day, her soul had mourned the losses of her child and her husband, and now that she was so close to him again, she couldn't think clearly and felt as if she was suffocating. She pulled away, knowing she would do something they'd both regret if she didn't put some distance between them. As she rose to her feet, she twisted her injured leg and stumbled. Jim reached out to steady her but it was too late and she fell, her momentum and his unbalanced position causing him to be pulled from his seat as he fell with her. Somehow, he managed to turn himself so that he landed first, helping to cushion her fall as she landed against him. They looked at each other for the briefest moment before their lips met and the dam that had held their emotions in check crumbled. The tide of passion, desire and need flooded them and they kissed as though their very lives depended on it... Ok, so not quite the action I had previously promised but action none the less ;-) Hope you like, if you do, please review ","Summary":" Disclaimer: The characters and events of the movie S.W.A.T. are not mine. I make no money from writ"},{"Movie":"Lords of Dogtown","Title":"Sibling Love","Author":"c1rca","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4826349","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This story deals with a sensitive subject, love between two family members that goes beyond \"family love\". Some people might of course feel offended by this, but if so, I advice you to simply not read this. I own nothing from the Lords of Dogtown movie, which is what the story is mostly based on, rather than the real life Z-Boys and whatnot. Ages are mostly the same as in real life though, which you could suspect isn't in the movie where they mostly appear to be the same ages. Anyway, I got the idea for this story from a book that I read at school the other day, which, ironically enough, is also called \"Sibling love\". It's in swedish though (my mother language), so really, it's called \"Syskonkärlek\". It's only really the sister and brother relationship idea that is alike between the two though, so don't jump to any conclusions or something. Also, I will most likely be posting shorter chapters instead of mega lengthy ones. Why? I'm just no one of those writers who can manage to write überlong stuff and make it sound good enough for myself to feel satisfied. I usually blame that on english being \"only\" my second language. Jeez, this became a lot longer than I was aiming for. You may proceed now. I'll promise not to ramble this much whenever I post the next chapter. Oh, and reviews are greatly appreciated, I love hearing people's thoughts on my stories and whatnot. Constructive criticism is very much approved, haha. Also, the rating for this story is most likely to go up as we go further into the plot, because I just can't seem to put a lock on myself from writing too many swear words and blah blah blah. We'll have to see though. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Can a sister be in love with her brother? prologue The pain of the words uttered by Jay at the moment he shoved his fist into Tony's jaw (after Tony had deliberately put his hand on my thigh) was so excruciating and peculiar I almost felt a sour taste not too different from vomit in the back of my throat. I had stared at him as the words left his mouth, \"Don't fucking touch her! SHE'S MY SISTER!\". It hurt far worse than when I fell out of a tree aged five and broke my arm for the first time. The rejection, not that it was meant directly towards me, was like having reality bash down at me in two hundred miles per hour. It was like someone had poured a bucket of ice cold water over my head, and I had nowhere to go and get warm. I should take it from the beginning though, and make some sense out of it. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- It was the beginning of the summer of 1976 when my father dropped me and my dog Maserati - whom I had named so to show my love for the Italian car manufacturer with the same name, outside the Adams' household. My name was Margaret, although I never let anyone know that. I just went by Maggie, for comfort reasons, and to avoid being picked on. I was fourteen years old as of six weeks and five days, and had just learned to ride a bike. That's the particular thing that I remember about that, that I had just learned to use the pedals on a bike. Some might probably find it strange, fascinating even, that I learned to do it so late in life. I was proud of the fact though. My father, who was going to spend the next two years inside a prison in Oregon for being clumsy when being the middle hand of a crystal meth deal that had gone wrong, was leaving me with Philaine, who used to be his girlfriend about sixteen years ago. I wasn't, and still isn't, directly related to her. The thing, though, is that she had a son fifteen years ago, and the father of him is my dad. I was probably more surprised than my dad was when she agreed to take me in until my dad got out. I know what you're thinking, what about my mother ? She died when I was eight, from leukemia. It was a miracle according to the doctors, that she even lived until the age of thirty-seven. My mom had always been strong, but in the end, she just wasn't strong enough to fight off the disease that was killing her, piece by piece, day by day. Philaine took me in with open arms as I entered the house that smelled almost suspiciously sweetly of a smell I recognized far too well after spending six years alone in the same house as my dad. Maserati whimpered as he ran across the small hallway and into what I presumed to be the living room, and dove beneath the couch with a loud and excruciating wail. \"Jay isn't home at the moment, I'm sorry about that\", she excused him with a warm and interestingly enough, distracted smile. \"S'okay\", I murmured and kicked off my beaten up leather boots that I had once bought at one of those army storage clothing sales. I wondered to myself if Philaine had even mentioned to him that his half sister was coming this day. I looked out the window - the sun was shining bright and close to annoying. Philaine caught me looking outside at the weather, and as she led me to the room I would be sleeping in she explained Jay's absence, \"He's with his friends. They're probably out surfing.\" I felt like raising my eyebrows at the comment, but I probably shouldn't have been so surprised. As to what I had heard about my half brother so far, surfing and skateboarding seemed to be his life or something of the like. I had never tried either of them. It wasn't that big from the small suburban town I came from. And because of the sea being more than two hours away by car, I had only ever seen it in real life once. It was when my mom took me on a vacation to her grandparents when I was seven. They live just outside of San Diego, in a house five minutes from the beach. You'd think that the genius otherwise known as my dad would have talked to my grandparents about my stay for the following two years, but apparently, that wasn't even an option. They have never liked my dad, and truly, the feeling is mutual. \"You'll have to share with Jay until we get your room fixed up, I'm sorry. I could probably make Jay sleep on the cou-\", \"Really, Philaine, it's okay. Can't be that bad, right?\", I told her with a forced smile on my lips as I looked at the camp bed that had been placed opposite what, obviously, was Jay's bed. \"It's just that Jay hasn't been much help home recently, and well, I don't have the time to do it mys-\", I interrupted her again, \"I said it's fine. Don't worry about it, I've bunked far worse than with some hormonal teenage boy before.\" Philaine let out a relieved sigh, or at least it came off as something as close as possible to relieved. I wasn't judging though. \"That reminds me actually. If you don't mind\", I saw where this was going, \"Could you maybe go down to the beach and tell him that dinner will be ready at five?\" I shrugged indifferently, slightly satisfied to be able to get away from the sweet stench for a while. \"You could maybe ask him to give you a tour of town too, if you'd like?\", and there it was again - the warm yet distracted smile. Philaine watched me quietly as I put down my bag on the bed, and then her eyes shifted to Maserati as he came darting from the living room, this time taking a position beneath the camp bed. Poor dog probably didn't know what hit him. \"We'll see\", I mumbled and forced out yet another smile. I wasn't exactly all joy and lovely to get to meet Jay, in the beginning at least. Surely, it was exciting to meet someone who's related to you by flesh and blood, and that one isn't your mom, dad or something of the like. Then again, meeting someone who you're expected to get along with, someone who you haven't met your whole life, yeah, I could have done without it. Philaine, who would later become for me the mother and father, parental guardian really, I had never really had, left the room as I ripped up the lock on my bag and dug through it for the California appropriate clothing. To say the least, there was a big difference between the climate in Venice Beach, as to the one in my hometown. Maserati had finally crawled out from underneath the bed, and was now snoozing loudly in the center of the room, sometimes opening one eye to check what was going on. I stared out the only window in the room, which had been left half open, probably because of the lack of air conditioning in the house. Philaine probably couldn't afford it. The sun glared at me with it's bright rounded shape, not one cloud in sight. If it hadn't been because of my Spanish heritage on my mother's side, I could've guessed I would have been stared at much more than I would later become. Not only was I not \"a local\", the locals only policy in Venice could drive anyone crazy I later realized, but if it hadn't been because my skin was naturally tan from genetics, I would have been pale too, only enhancing the not local fact. Picking up a pair of cut off jeans, now turned into shorts, and a white tank top with spaghetti straps, I stood in front of the mirror placed snugly into one corner of the room. It had a crack in the lower left part of it, but it wasn't so it disturbed me too much. I took off my jeans and the T-shirt that I had ridden in to Venice, and turned sideways in front of the mirror, running my hands up and down my stomach. Like any self-conscious fourteen year old, I disliked my body. Why would my boobs never start going? How long would it take until I stopped looking like a child? I grimaced slightly before taking on the tank top and shorts and ruffling Maserati's fur. Philaine was sitting at the kitchen table when I closed the door to the bedroom, and she was reading some ladies' magazine and smoking a cigarette. \"There is a bike out back, unless you are willing to walk. Just follow the road straightforward, and you'll see the beach easily. You should be able to find the way there yourself from there. And don't forget to tell Jay about dinner time. Oh, and just take a pair of flip-flops, those boots you wore will get too warm.\", Philaine told me as she put out the cigarette in the already full ashtray. I wondered if she was going to empty it soon. \"Okay thanks\", I called as I stuck my feet into a pair of yellow flip-flops and exited the house while pulling my fingers through my hair. The bike Philaine had talked about was far too big for my small 5'0 frame (I hadn't even started to grow fully at that age), and I had to stand up to even reach the pedals, but to just feel the wind going through my hair and stroke my warm skin was worth it as I sped down a hill only a mile away from the house. I could see the beach, and even the black dots in the water that resembled people a lot. I guessed that they were my brother, how weird that felt to think at the time, and his friends. I kept pedaling at a hasty pace and sat down on the seat of the bike when I sped down the hill, almost crashing into a car on my way, as I thought about the waiting meeting with my brother. Brother... weird feeling.[Chapter 2] I'm sorry this took some time. I have had a lot with school. As usual I do not own any characters or anything but Maggie, her dog, her dad and whatnot that isn't related to the original Z-Boys/Dogtown story in the movie, real life and yada yada. We all wish we owned movie-Jay though, but we all know it ain't gonna happen. Besides, Emile Hirsch totally isn't even a blonde anymore. Not that hot. I liked it blonde. :( And I'm sorry shit ain't happening yet. It's coming. Promise. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- I parked the bike next to what looked like it used to be a white couch once, but was now stained brown and gray from quite possibly dirt, and whatnot. I could even smell the ocean in the air, and I could hear semi-distant shouts from down the hill. It wasn't really a hill of course, but more of a rock covered bump in the ground that you somehow would have to manage to pass by to get to the actual small patch of beach. The beach itself, not that it was much of a beach, was covered with junk, chopped off wood, beer bottles, a dead fish here and there. I had gotten down onto the sand when the first person noticed me, and a shrill voice of a tall man with blonde scruffy hair told me \"that it was locals only, val\". Of course, I had no idea what \"val\" meant. \"Didn't you hear what I just said?\", He asked me and downed something from a bottle wrapped in a paperbag. It was probably alcohol. That was my first encounter with Skip Engblom. \"I... um..\", I stuttered and caught myself leaving my mouth hanging slightly open, \"I'm looking for.. err, Jay.. Adams..\" Skip, not that I knew his name at the time, at first just looked plain confused, as if I had just asked him if he knew if the Queen of England was anywhere close, but then he turned to a lanky teenage boy with long bleach blonde hair. \"Where's Jay-boy, nugget?\", He asked him in a droning tone before indulging in another big gulp of the contents of the bottle. \"He's out surfing, Skip\", The teenage boy without a name said and pointed out towards the blurry figures trying to catch whatever of the half shabby waves. The older one, Skip, turned to me again and threw his head in a twitchy motion to the side, as if pointing to the ocean, \"You heard the nugget, he's out surfing.\" I stood quietly in my place and Skip went back to doing whatever he had been doing before I arrived on his \"territory\". That's when the blonde lanky boy without a name reached out his partially sand covered hand towards me, and I could see a slight smile twitching on his lips. \"I'm Stacy\", He introduced himself, \"Stacy Peralta.\" For a moment, not much more than a second or so, I just stared at his stretched out hand, and then I rather hastily shook it. I was quick to wipe off the sand now on my hand though. \".. Uh.. I'm Maggie\", I mumbled and stuck my hands in under my arms, just below my armpits, thus creating a cross like pattern from my arms. He nodded, and there was a moment of awkward silence before Stacy spoke again, \"So.. you're like, one of Jay's girls then?\" He sounded unsure of himself as he spoke, and I nearly choked on my own saliva. Stacy's eyes widened with surprise, and his mouth was left hanging slightly open. \"No\", I coughed, \"I'm his\", Another cough, \"..sister.\" This time Stacy instead raised his eyebrows. \"I didn't know Jay had a sister\", he mused quietly to himself, and then pointed to the two teenage boys coming up from the water, \"There's Jay and Tony.\" Jay was slightly shorter than this Tony person, and both of them looked to be shorter than Stacy, but I wouldn't know that for sure until I could see them standing next to him. He looked a lot like Philaine, rather than my, our , dad. Most of it was probably the bleach blonde hair that because of the water now cling to his face dripping wet. Both me and my dad had dark hair, but I had gotten mine from my mom. While my dad had very unruly darkbrown hair, I had been blessed with black hair that would only look slightly brown if exposed to a lot of sunshine. I had never cut it either, except for bangs that went straight across my forehead, and an occasional removal of worn tips, so it was quite long, and the ends curled slightly. I would spend useless amounts of time on my hair when I went to school in Oregon, but if everyone looked like Stacy, Tony and Jay in Venice, I would probably not have to do that anymore. \"Who's this?\", The Tony guy asked with a nod towards me as they reached where we were standing, and he barely even gave me a glance, something that was going to change in the following months. \"Maggie\", Both me and Stacy said in unison and I glared at him in the corner of my eyes. \"She's Jay's sister\", He continued while Jay looked at me up and down, as if he was examining me. He had yet to say anything. \" Half sister\", He finally corrected, and he sounded almost cold in his tone when saying it. The words stung slightly, even though I had been thinking the exactly same thing just seconds before that. \"Philaine wanted you to know that dinner will be ready at five\", I squeaked out and had to cough to make my voice not sound so squeaky, \"Uh.. yeah.. at.. five..\" Jay shrugged indifferently to this before turning to Tony, nudging him and pointing to several large waves that swept in towards the beach. \"Looks like there's a few big ones coming in, let's go\", Jay murmured, turned around and started trudging towards the water again. \"I should go\", I mumbled to Stacy in the same droning and dull voice Skip had used earlier. I turned around, and started the practically hike up the rocky hill like way down from the so called parking lot. \"I'll see you around, Maggie!\" Stacy called after me, but I barely heard what he said. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- The very same evening when I was sitting in mine, and Jay's room for that matter, I could hear Jay fighting with Philaine. By the sound of it, they were fighting about me. \"I don't see why she has to stay in my room!\", I heard Jay hiss loudly in the livingroom, and Philaine retorting with something I didn't quite pick up. The long line of curses coming out of Jay's mouth was enough for me to understand that it hadn't been anything good though. I curled up into a ball on the bed with Maserati next to me, and sighed deeply. I hoped that my room would be finished soon, or otherwise Jay seemed like he was going to have an outbreak of rage. In a way though, I understood him. What would you have thought if the halfsister you have never known one day just moved into your house? And your room even? Besides, he was a hormonal teenage boy. It turned quiet after I heard Jay throw himself on the couch with a loud swear word thrown towards Philaine, and Philaine who slammed the door behind her when she went out presumably to smoke. I eventually fell asleep on my temporary bed, and only semi-woke up when Jay came into the room and didn't even bother to take off his clothes before slipping into his own bed. It was soothing in some way to listen to Jay snoring I realized a while later when I woke up from Maserati jumping down from my bed. It was sometime after eleven when I yet again woke up from Jay getting out of bed. \"What are you doing?\", I asked him still half-sleeping. He looked at me as he jerked the window open, \"Going out.\" \"What?\", I sat up in the bed and blinked my eyes several times so I could see him more clearly, \"Where are you going?\" \"None of your business\", Jay muttered and then added, \"It's kids prohibited.\" I snorted a bit and he looked at me as if I was crazy. \"I'm only a year younger than you\", I pointed out and yawned. It wasn't like I was interested in coming with him though. That life didn't particularly interest me, although it would in the future. \"You're fourteen?\", He asked, and sounded skeptical, \"You look like you're twelve.\" I didn't respond, I just raised my middlefinger towards him before slumping back onto the bed, listening to Jay leaving the house. It turned quiet again after a while, but I still somehow felt myself wanting Jay's snoring back.[Chapter 3] The reason this chapter took so long to get up is because I have been without a computer for quite some time. Nevertheless, here it is. ---- The following months after the \"you-look-like-twelve\" incident passed in a blur. My life became like a pattern, a routine if you will, and this routine didn't include Jay. He had stopped muttering every time he saw me by the time I got my own room in the house, and since then I rarely ever saw much of him. He was like a ghost in the house, and most of the time it was just me, Maserati and Philaine. Philaine's boyfriends came over now and then, but I couldn't even bother to remember their names. I had learned by the third one in one and a half month that they were going to leave soon enough, and I was going to be the one to pick up the mess they left behind them. This mess being Philaine. Until I had arrived, she told me, Jay had been the one who had taken care of her after every break-up, but now he was just... gone. Jay's disappearance wasn't the only thing that changed those summer months though. The thing I had been wanting for so long to happen finally did when I went up a cup size on my bra. It seemed silly afterwards to be actually happy about it, but when I crossed the 5'2 mark and realized I actually didn't look like a plank anymore, my happiness was made. I even received a letter from my father, but it wasn't anything of interest. Then I started school - and met Kathy Alva. Kathy was Tony's sister, and Tony was Jay's best friend. One of them at least. She wasn't my age, actually she was sixteen and therefor a Sophomore student at the high school. Luckily for me, if you want to put it that way, the Venice Beach high school and middle school were right next to each other, almost in the same building. I was in eighth grade, meaning Jay was in ninth. It was strange therefor that I saw more of Kathy than of Jay, considering the ninth graders had a lot of classes in the same building as the eighth graders. Nevertheless Kathy liked me even if I was \"small and unremarkable\" as she had first stated. To Kathy, I looked boring. For me, Kathy was everything I guess my mother wouldn't have wanted me to become if she was still alive. There was still something about her that fascinated me though, and we became an odd pair of friends. I didn't particularly like any of her friends, especially not Blanca, the feisty girlfriend of Tony who thought that every girl who as much as looked at Tony were out to hook up with him. A lot of the time she was probably right in some sense, considering Tony was popular with the girls, but most of the time she just overreacted. \"Hey Mags\", Kathy greeted me as we sat down at the lunch table that would in a few minutes be occupied by 'everyone' as Kathy referred them as. Everyone meant anyone from the Z-Boys gang, as I had learned Jay's group of friends were called, that were still in high school - or middle school like myself. I knew that one of the boys that hung around with them were in my grade, but I could never remember his name. He was rarely in class anyway. \"Hi Kathy\", I mumbled back not looking up from the book I was reading, something that of course wasn't to Kathy's satisfaction. Kathy didn't like to be bored, or to sit still in general. I, on the other hand, had no issues with just sitting still, reading a book, something of the like. The school library wasn't exactly what you would call extensive, but it worked for me. She flipped the book shut, and I looked up from under my bangs that had grown long during the summer. I had yet to bother to cut them shorter. \"Okay, I am paying attention now. Satisfied?\", I asked her with a sigh and poked slightly in the mess on my plate that supposedly was food, but looked more like mud. No wonder I kept skinny in this place. \"Very much\", Kathy answered me with a smile and brushed her hair out of her eyes. I could see the people that would usually sit at our table in the food line by then, and apparently so did Kathy, because she leaned in closer and started talking hurriedly. \"I think we should go to a party tonight\", She almost whispered, as if she didn't want anyone but me to hear that, and she rolled her eyes when I sighed in dismiss of this, \"Come on Mags!\" For a moment, I diverted my gaze from Kathy, and instead looked at them as they inched closer to our table, and almost grimaced at the sight of Blanca swaying her hips from side to side. \"You know I don-\", I started in a mumbling tone, but Kathy interrupted me before I could finish. \"Please?\" It was rare to hear Kathy say 'please', and even rarer to hear her say it to me, the tiny Oregon transplant girl. So I sighed as they sat down at our table before mumbling even lower than before, \"Fine.\" And that is where it all started. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- I think that in a way, Kathy saw me as a blank piece of paper she could color however she wanted. An empty canvas that she could paint the way she felt like. Maybe even a coloring book without any lines to color inside. To her, it was probably some sort of relief that I showed up in cut off jeans shorts and a wifebeater to the Alva house, while to me, when I realized what she was planning for me, only made me want to turn right around, and run back to my bed in the Adams household. \"You can't wear that to a party\", She insisted. Of course. I should have expected that she would do that to me, but I still stood frozen to the ground and looked at her as if she was joking with me. \"You're wearing almost the exact same thing\", I objected and nodded towards Kathy's own apparel which consisted of tight jeans shorts and an equally tight spaghetti strap top that was pulled down so much that I could almost see her bra. Surely there was a difference between the two outfits, even if they consisted of nearly the same clothing. Kathy wore it tight, while my jeans shorts barely hung onto my almost not even there hips. She was curvy, and could pull that whole look, but I probably would just look strange. Kathy sighed, and I knew I had lost the battle. \"I can't believe you're making me do this\", I sighed defeatedly a few minutes later when she sat med down on the bed and started pulling thick lines of black eyeliner across my eyelid. \" Hola chica \", The sound of Blanca entering the small house was hard to miss as her loud voice rang through the house, \" Dónde estás corazón? \" Kathy replied to her in Spanish, and I sat there like a questionmark. I didn't understand Spanish, and grew more and more annoyed as the conversation between Blanca and Kathy did not go over to the English language. \"Uhm\", I interrupted the conversation while Kathy smeared black under my eyes, \"Please don't put too much black.\" I wanted to say 'please don't put as much black as you have', but that of course, was out of the question. I was afraid I would probably have gotten kicked out of the house then. As time progressed, I started feeling more and more like one of the nerdy girls in high school movies who get a make-over by the über hot girl at school. They of course turn out exceptionally gorgeous and get the hottest guy at the school. When I looked in the dirty mirror with bad lighting in Kathy's room she shared with Tony - boy, did I feel sorry for her - I didn't quite see the exceptionally gorgeous part. My hair was untidy except for my bangs, and my eyes were too dark. My clothes, did fit \"perfectly\" as Kathy pointed out, although the humiliation of knowing she worn them as an eleven year old was too much to even notice that. Even though both Blanca and Kathy were over sixteen and had their driver's licenses, we rode Kathy's bike to the party. Of course neither Kathy nor Blanca had the access to a car. I sat on the handlebars and Blanca pedaled - Kathy couldn't because of her high heels. Both me and Blanca screamed when we went down a hill, she in Spanish, and I in something that was supposed to be English, all this while Kathy muttered things in Spanish I later learned were something about us being silly. My behind hurt from sitting on the metal bars, and I started feeling cold with the wind whipping my skin continuously. By the time we had reached Shogo's place, another one of Jay's friends, my arms were red from the wind. They were cold too, so I rubbed them intensely until we got inside the house. Up until that day, the closest thing to a party I had been to was a sixth grade disco at my old school where we couldn't wear shoes and were served lukewarm Kool-Aid. Now this, the party Kathy brought me to, was nothing like that sixth grade disco. Although I could see a huge pile of jackets, shoes, and whatnot's just inside the door that had been left wide open, most people seemed to be wearing shoes. I almost felt a bit sorry for the floor which was probably going to be completely scratched to oblivion by the end of the night. That wasn't the only difference though, far from actually. I could smell the sweet smoke of Marijuana in the air, and the music was turned up so loud I could feel the bass was thumping in my ears. I felt Kathy tug my arm roughly, and I somehow managed to shuffle after her without falling over something that was laying on the floor. She pulled me through what I assumed was the livingroom, with Blanca right by her, our, side and into the kitchen. It wasn't exactly a large kitchen, and it was overpopulated so to speak. \"Kathy!\", Stacy, the longhaired blonde teenage boy whom had been nice to me since I first moved in with the Adams' flew up from his chair, looking like his savior had just arrived, and then saw me and added, \"Mags!\", with a large smile on his lips. Though you could clearly see in his facial expression he wanted to get the hell out of there as soon as possible, everyone else was probably too gone or busy with something to even notice it. Stacy wasn't much for the party scene, just like me, and it was something I had noticed quickly after meeting him. He never seemed to go to the parties with the other Z-Boys. Kathy let go of my arm and I rubbed it discreetly while she planted a lipstick covered kiss on Stacy's lips, leaving him slightly blushing rubbing off the red lipstick from his mouth. I slipped away quietly from the couple and sat down on Stacy's chair, right next to a Z-Boy who's name I couldn't remember, and looked around the small and round table that probably wasn't supposed to be surrounded with that many people. I could see almost everyone from the gang I had met so far though, including my halfbrother who had been far too occupied with watching the bubbles in his beer to even notice that I had arrived. \"Dude\", Tony elbowed Jay without any discretion at all, \"Your sister is here.\" I didn't like being called Jay's halfsister, nor did I think he liked being called my halfbrother either, because there was a seeming twitch in him as he looked up from his glass of beer, and looked at me as if he had never seen me before, or something. It didn't take long for him to snap out of it though, and he nodded slightly before taking a gulp from his beer. I looked down at the untouched deck of cards placed amidst all the half empty glasses of beer, and other alcoholic liquids and wondered if they were going to play or something? \"So\", Shogo announced and answered my question without even having me ask it, \"Are we going to play or what?\" There was a round of 'fuck yeah!' and 'hell yes!' coming from around the overpopulated table, and I shrugged, \"Sure, what are we playing?\" A grin arose on Tony's lips and he slammed his fist into the table making me jump a little, \"STRIP POKER!\" All of the girls rolled their eyes, but soon enough, Shogo was handing out cards left to right. I glanced over at Jay while cards were going everywhere, and for a small moment, I felt an uncanny feeling in the pit of my stomach. I shrugged it off quickly though, and pretended for my own sake that it had never even been there.[Chapter 4] Sorry about the wait, my computer has been a fucktard... When I was nine years old, my dad taught me how to play poker. Whenever he was out of a job, which was a lot after my mom died, he'd always play underground poker games to win us money to pay the rent and to set food on the table. \"Take it off!\", Jim Muir screamed as he slammed his cards down onto the table, winning the round yet again. There were a few mutters heard from around the table, and I watched Peggy Oki, the only girl skateboarder in the Z-Boys gang, flip off Muir before pulling her tanktop above her head. I had yet to lose my shirt at that point, but considering how bad I was playing, it was going to be gone soon enough. I hadn't much experience with alcohol, and the mere three beers I had slipped down were affecting my judgement and abilities in poker a lot. I had never been drunk before, so it was a rather special feeling. The world felt like it was in constant movement, and I was starting to feel a bit sick. Much of it probably had to do with my low weight and my build, and I was truly the epitome of 'a lightweight drinker'. Bob Biniak handed out a new round of cards, and I looked at them and avoided furrowing my eyebrows, or making any facial expression what so ever really. \"You in, or you out, Mags?\", Biniak asked me with a big drunken grin on his lips, and I snorted out loud before giggling. \"In!\", I announced and pulled at the strap of my tanktop, signaling I was betting my top. Everyone else around the table did their bets, or folded. Most stayed in the game though, because as it seemed, no one really cared if they lost, they were losing clothing articles either way. I watched Jay tilt his head slightly, bite his lip for a second or two, and then announce his bet, this time the last time he could bet his pants before they had to go. A pair of pants or a skirt were worth three bets, a shirt two bets, and socks one bet per sock. I couldn't remember what underwear was worth, and I didn't want to either way. I was going to pull out before I had to take off that, or at least I hoped I was going to pull out before that moment came. The round went on, and person after person pulled out of it until I was sitting there scratching my head opposite Jay. It was a strange moment, as that peculiar feeling in the pit of my stomach that I couldn't exactly register seemed to return each time I glanced over at him. For some reason I wanted to know what he was thinking of, I wanted to get inside his head. I couldn't understand how Jay functioned, not at all. He seemed so.. easy, but he was the most complex person that I had ever met in my fourteen year old life. \"Fuck yeah!\", I snapped back to reality as Jay did exactly as Jim Muir had earlier and slammed his cards onto the table. I had never even realized he won over me. \"Dude, Adams just played the shirt of his sister\", Muir mumbled in a slur to Tony, and then he laughed out loud. My cheeks went instantly hot but I hid it by pulling the spaghetti strapped tanktop over my head and threw it onto the table where a collection of clothing items was piling up. I then wrapped my arms around my torso to shield any view of my boobs, but it took me another minute to realize I was only in my underwear now. For a moment, I glanced over at Jay again and caught him looking at me. There was something in his eyes, an emotion I had never seen in him before. The thing about Jay was that you never exactly knew what he was feeling, though his eyes seemed to reflect a lot of it. Though this time, I had no idea what sort of feeling was going through his head. \"I think I ought to pull out now\", I thought out loud, and with horror I watched whatever of that unknown feeling in Jay's eyes disappear as he seemed to register the words. Kathy handed me my clothes, and I slipped into them easily before I gave her an onearmed hug and left the room with a tight grip around my glass of beer. The feeling in my stomach had returned as well when I thought of Jay, and I felt sick just thinking about him. I had come to realize what the uncanny feeling in my stomach was, and I wasn't liking it. I downed the rest of the beer in an attempt to block it out, but the face of my fifteen year old brother still came back, and I clenched my fingers around the empty glass so hard that my knuckles became white. I knew exactly what it was, and a sudden feeling of hate washed over me. Lust. It's strange how one single moment of feelings can destroy the future of two persons. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- I walked home alone in the chilly night weather that was rather common for October. It was never really cold in Venice, but during the night you could feel the crisp breezes coming in from the sea. I had nothing against it though, as it felt nice, and it made me feel like I would sober up a bit. After a while, I realized walking alone was probably my most stupid choice of the night. Although I tried to not think of it, the thought of what I had felt still came back. It felt like a sin just thinking about it, and I wasn't even religious. It didn't help me in the least though, and my thoughts still ended up wandering back there. I finally gave up halfway on my way to the Adams' house, knowing that I had no will power what so ever to repress the thoughts. After all I had been drinking, and the alcohol going through my veins only lessened what little control I had over myself. It wasn't supposed to turn out like this. Philaine was passed out on the couch in the livingroom when I stepped through the door. Taking care of her reminded me of taking care of my dad during the periods when he drank a lot. I threw out the empty beer bottles left over from what seemed to have been her own little party, and emptied the ashtray into the trashcan before giving Maserati new water and closing the door to my bedroom. I felt somewhat sober now, and reality had come crashing down. Whatever magic that had been spread over the night had disappeared, and left was a fourteen year old girl dressed in a former twelve year old's clothes, with her hair teased into oblivion and the make up around her eyes smudged into large black circles. My body felt heavy, as did my eyelids. I was too tired to even wash off my make up, so I just opened the window a bit to let some air into the room, and then slid under my covers. After I had stopped crying that night I finally managed to rock myself into troubled sleep where I dreamt of Jay. It would soon become a common element in my dreams, watching Jay come so close to my face that our nosetips almost touched, and then disappear into thin air. I hated the dreams just as much as I hated whatever feelings I had for Jay, because the dreams seemed to be only a confirmation of what I felt. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- When I woke up the next morning, my head was throbbing, and my eyes stung. I felt sick just trying to move my head, and when glancing around the room I saw Maserati huddled up on the far end of the bed. He had woken up when I moved, and was now staring at me. \"Let's go for a walk\", I mumbled but my voice cracked anyway, and I sat up as slowly as possible trying to avoid my head feeling like it might explode. As I stood in front of the mirror I let out a deep sigh. I was of course still wearing the clothes from the night before, and because of crying myself to sleep, the black make up had created heavy lines across my cheeks in diagonal directions - because I had been laying down. It looked like hell had dragged me over - twice. I stood in front of the mirror for a few minutes while listening to Philaine and Jay conversating in the other room. I couldn't properly make out what they were saying, but it didn't matter. Maserati followed behind me as I sneaked unnoticed into the bathroom which was comfortably placed next to my room, and Maserati curled up in the corner of the room as I turned on the shower hoping there was warm water. There was, and I sighed in relief before stripping off my clothes and stepping inside the shower, letting my body soak in the scolding hot water. The cleaning ritual that followed took me twenty minutes. I scrubbed my skin until it was red and stung, as if the cleansing would take away any trace of whatever feeling I had felt last night. I had tried to tell me several times since waking up it had only been a side effect from the drinking, but deep down I knew how wrong I was. After getting dressed I attached the leash to Maserati's collar without speaking to either Philaine or Jay and steered my feet towards the Zephyr shop a few blocks from the Adams household. It wasn't that far of a walk, but it felt nice either way, because the wind was blowing in from the ocean pretty nicely. Although Skip Engblom hadn't exactly taken a liking to me, nor having Maserati trample around inside the shop, he usually was far too drunk to even notice. He reminded me of the alcoholics my dad used to scam money off when we had it really bad. A dollar or two can be enough money for some noodles that can work as dinner if you're hungry enough. Though we never really had it that bad, sometimes it was bad. After my mom died, my dad didn't exactly work. He was fired fairly quickly from his formerly permanent job because he was depressed after my mom. It hurt a bit watching Skip, because at the same time that he remembered me of those drunks, he also remembered me of my dad. \"Hey Twiggy\", He greeted me in a slight slurred voice though he seemed more sober than usual, as I entered the shop, \"What have I told ya' about bringing that bag o' lice in my shop, Twig?\" Twiggy, or Twig. My nickname because I was so small. I wasn't much shorter than Peggy who frequented the shop, nor Tony's sister Kathy who also was there a lot. I was a whole lot thinner than they both were though, so I guess that's why he called me that. Even though I eventually grew boobs and ass, the nickname stuck for as long as I can remember. \"Where are everyone?\", I asked him and ignored his question before sitting down at the empty chair next to the glass counter where the cash register was placed. Behind the glass there was a collection of wheels for skateboards, and other small stuff. Skip shrugged before disappearing behind the drapes separating the shop itself, and the store. Not even Sid was there, so like a few times before I moved from my chair and sat on the one behind the counter instead. Skip would disappear for more than an hour at times, and he didn't seem to mind me managing the register. Some payment for my services would have been great of course, but considering Sid who did more than I didn't get paid, I wasn't one to get my hopes up. I dwelled in my own feelings there in the quiet and practically deserted shop for an amount of time I can't even remember. There was one thing I was absolutely certain of by the time I yanked Maserati's leash a while later and left the Zephyr shop behind me. The feelings I'd felt for Jay hadn't been a figment of my imagination. That same day I bought my first diary.[Chapter 5] Sorry this took so long. -------- October 15th, 1976. I can't stand it. I hate myself for it. I know that it's wrong, but somehow I can't help myself turning into some mini-me of Kathy. Jay still won't look at me the way he did that night. I hate myself. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- I stared emotionlessly at Kathy across the table as she spoke, my chin resting steadily on the palms of my hands. My elbows were pushed down onto the table itself, and I wasn't listening to a word she was saying. The conversation probably was about a party - it always was. It was Stacy's birthday though, so even if I didn't want to, I was going to need to go to the party that night, if only for a while. Deep down I knew I would have gone either way, and it sickened me. \"Are you even listening to what I'm saying?\", Kathy asked me and looked a bit offended by my lack of attention to her constant repeating of the same sentences shaped differently each time for variation. \"Of course I am\", I told her and rolled my eyes with a slight snort, before smiling at her. As always, though I don't ever think she actually believed me, Kathy accepted my lie without any problems and continued talking about Stacy's birthday party. He was going to turn nineteen, and as if I had never felt smaller before with my tiny fourteen years, I was at that moment. Though it never seemed to strike me how young I was in comparison to the others, I felt older than them all most of the time. \" Hola chicá \", Tony Alva had unremarkably quickly slid down next to me on the bench swirling around the round table, \" Estás bonita ver hoy .\" Though I never actually knew exactly what Tony said to me, considering I knew next to nothing about the Spanish language, I knew he was hitting on me. It was unavoidable to notice, and the only one who didn't seem to notice it was Blanca, Tony's girlfriend. I felt sorry for her, but at the same time, it was impossible to keep a guy like Tony tied down. \"Eew, get off me, Tony!\", I called out and pushed him away, my voice taking on a high pitched tone I had started using more and more since hanging out with Kathy more often. When he shoved his fingers into my sides to tickle me I wondered to myself how many girls he had cheated on Blanca with, and so I felt even more sorry about her. It didn't make me feel much better punching Tony in the arm either, but I wasn't going to get my nose into that relationship. Blanca could probably cut me in half before I could say 'boo'. It still seemed to surprise me every time I saw them together though, how Blanca seemed to worship the ground Tony walked on. I didn't understand why she did it though. It wasn't like she couldn't have any other guy out there. Though she clearly only wanted Tony, for some reason I never really got. I followed Kathy away from the table a few minutes later, our arms hooking around eachother as we walked in the same rhythm, the heels of our shoes making noises against the linoleum floor of the cafeteria. I was still angry at myself for forgetting my flip flops at the Alva house the other day. I hated heels, still do. My feet were aching like they always did when I wore heels, and I had to cling onto Kathy as to assure myself not to trip. \"You'll follow me to the Elementary school later, right?\", Kathy questioned as we left the cafeteria and came out into the long and stretched main hallway which had probably more than twohundred lockers framing it. It was a stupid question by Kathy really, but then again she never knew of my infatuation with Jay until much later on. I would never have let her know about it through free will either way, because, as much as I usually felt uncomfortable in at least one way with Kathy, she was the only friend that I had. If she had known, I would have been left all alone, not to mention I'd be the freak of Venice, as if being from Oregon wasn't enough. The Z-Boys would skate a lot around the Elementary school after it closed for the day. Stacy was trying to learn Kathy how to skateboard, but it was failing miserably. \"Of course\", I told her absentmindedly, \"Why wouldn't I?\" Kathy shrugged. \"I don't know, you've just been so distant lately.\" Maybe it's because I have abnormal feelings for my fucking half brother? , I thought to myself but then rolled my eyes at Kathy and laughed as normal as I possibly could at the time. \"God, you're so silly. Don't you have class now either way?\", I looked over at Kathy as the realization washed over her and we kissed cheeks before she rushed off to her English class. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- The sun was glaring as always when I joined Kathy, Blanca and a girl who sometimes hung around Kathy and Blanca on the picnic table on the backside of the Elementary school. Most people called her Thunder Monkey, but I had no idea why, and I probably didn't want to know. Both Kathy and Blanca were tanning, so I followed suit and snaked out of my white tanktop I had taken from Kathy. Jim Muir passed by on his skateboard and whistled out loud. \"Oh, fuck off Red Dog!\", I shouted and flipped him off before laying down next Kathy and feeling the heat from the sun on my skin. It was relaxing really. When my dad had dropped me off in Venice in the beginning of the summer, I had been skeptical. Venice isn't exactly a sight for sore eyes, and even though I was a part of the \"popular gang\", though almost everyone would probably protest if anyone tried to call the Z-Boys popular, or even close to that. Yet that, the locals only policy that ruled the coastal neighborhood, Dogtown , could drive anyone crazy. Including myself. Later that afternoon, while I was getting ready for Stacy's birthday party, Jay came into my room. It took me completely off guard, and I slipped with my eyeliner pencil drawing a long black line across my cheek. \"God, aren't you smooth?\", I muttered while feeling the pace of my heartbeats quicken rapidly while I tried to look unmoved. I sighed, looking defeatedly at the black line of eyeliner that now ran across my cheek, making my face look more like the unfinished production of a make up you see on pictures taken in tribes in Africa. I tried to rub it off with some saliva, but the black only then fell into a gray shade covering almost my whole cheek. It looked terrible. I gave off another sigh, then a huff of annoyance, and turned to face the cause of my now semi-destroyed make up. \"I'm god's gift to the world\", He told me with a grin, and I raised my eyebrows in skepticism, \"Don't give me that look.\" I shrugged effortlessly, surprised as to how good I had become at acting since I realized my feelings for Jay, \"What look?\" Jay rolled his eyes in an overdone gesture, but didn't answer my slightly sarcastic question. Instead he strolled past me and sat down on my bed, and I again raised my eyebrows. \"What the fuck has flown into you?\" He feigned being offended before laughing, or rather chuckling, and I turned back to the mirror with a sigh of annoyance, acting as if I was getting more and more angry with his presence. Though really I enjoyed his company, how could I have not? I looked in defeat at the gray shade on my cheek, but continued trying to rub it off. Jay was wearing the usual outfit that I always saw him in. It consisted of his favorite pair of jeans I had only seen him without maybe three times at most, and that was when he was either surfing or had propped for the more summer appropriate attire of wearing shorts. It could get very warm in Venice. The jeans were bleached, ripped almost to shreds, and so washed out it was crazy, but hey, he loved them and they sat well. You could even see his latest scrapes through the gaping holes on his knees, ripped up from falling when skateboarding. \"Do you want a ride to Stacy's party?\", He asked me after a moment of silence, and I rolled my eyes. \"You don't have a car\", I stated as a matter-of-fact, \"And you're fifteen, so you don't have a license either.\" The t-shirt part of his outfit changed from day to day, but today he was wearing the Zephyr Skateboards shirt with 'ZEPHYR' printed large in white on the back with 'COMPETITION TEAM' just below it. It looked about the same in the front, though the text was considerably smaller there, and sat over the heart, so to speak. \"Well, aren't you just the analyst here..\", Jay muttered, making the question I had assumed it was at first sound more like stating a fact. I did over-analyze a lot of things though, so Jay's complaint wasn't completely empty. \"Besides\", I continued, ignoring what he had said, \"I'm getting a ride with Kathy and Blanca.\" There was a slight twitch in Jay's body as he looked at me while I pronounced the words. I knew that he considered Kathy and Blanca bad to hang out with. Not that it was strange, considering Kathy was just as bad as her brother most of the time. \"They don't have cars either\", Jay had a smile of triumph on his lips, though I knew I was winning this by a landslide. I applied lipgloss with my back against him, and had the exact same type of smile that Jay had only seconds earlier when I turned towards him with the upper part of my body, my body hurting from the pain received after I went out running with Kathy the day before. I was in no condition to exercise, so I thanked the people upstairs that I was naturally slender. Kathy, however, seemed to have gotten the idea that she was becoming fat, and had been taking me out running along the beach every other night. \"Who said it's either of them who's driving?\", I told him with a grin apparent on my lips, and I watched the triumph in Jay's face drain completely. The pain from twisting my torso had been worth it. I couldn't tell how he was feeling, though you could usually decipher that from the look in his eyes, but not this time. Usually, you saw in Jay's eyes if he was angry, happy, sad, excited, and other basic feelings. Whenever he was hiding how he was feeling with his body language, I would just look in his eyes when he wasn't looking, and there it was. \"Who's driving?\", He asked me, his voice harsh, and I knew I had succeeded in getting a reaction from him. That's all I did now-a-days, tried getting any sort of emotional reaction from Jay's side. \"Oh, I don't know. Some guy Blanca knows kind of\", I dug my fingers into my hair as I spoke, and ruffled it to create more volume. The truth was it was Blanca's cousin who was down from Sacramento over the week who was driving us, and he had more of a stick up his ass than my second period English teacher. \"Why can't you just ride with me?\", Jay asked in a complaining tone, and I started laughing. \"You're going to start playing the protective brother role now, Jay?\", I asked him sharply and turned my whole body towards him, pursing my lips into a frown, \"Get over yourself, because we both know that's not going to happen anytime soon.\" Jay seemed defeated, because he turned to angry gestures and words to hide that I had completely shot down his proposition to act like a big brother. He didn't know that I didn't want him as a big brother, that I wanted him more than anything else in the world in the sickest way there was for a sister to want her brother. How I would lay awake at night wishing we weren't blood related, thinking about how his touch would feel, he knew nothing of that. \"Fuck off\", He muttered angrily, and got off my bed in a movement that because ruled by his emotions turned out slightly clumsy. I watched him leave my room, and felt regret and anxiety fill my mind. I didn't want him to hate me, quite the opposite. He was like life to me, in a way. I had no idea how to handle life in a good way, and it was exactly the same with Jay. I never knew how to handle him.[Chapter 6] Though weeks passed, nothing ever seemed to change between me and Jay in the direction I wanted. It all made me dizzy, and I constantly felt an aching pain in my stomach, though it wasn't there in reality. I worried myself sick that anyone was going to find out, in particular Jay, even if that was in some way, exactly what I wanted to happen. Everything was going the opposite of what I wanted, go figures, with the arguments growing stronger between myself and Jay, and the hate I felt for myself not slowing down it's race to the top. Even though the summer had passed, and in some parts of the country snow had begun to fall, the Z-Boys were still using the emptied pools to skate in. The weather was still hot as ever during the days, though the crispy breezes came more frequently. There still was no rain though, much to my own despise. Being from Oregon, I was used to a lot of rain. Oregon is very diverse, but from the specific part of the state I was from, rain was frequent, unlike in Venice. The drought was only positive to the Z-Boys though, who on a daily basis would find a new emptied pool to skate. Sometimes, if it wasn't completely emptied, they'd just bring equipment to do so, something I doubted they had gotten non-criminally. I watched at the sun going down at the horizon far away from the beach that I could barely see from my bedroom window, as I listened to another fight between Philaine and her latest squeeze. I hadn't learned his name, I hadn't bothered to. He was going to be gone soon enough anyway. Philaine wasn't a slut, as some people would say. She just didn't have any luck with love. I felt sad for her, but at the same time jealous. At least she wasn't in love with her brother. Though it had struck me more than once, you could hardly say that me and Jay were brother and sister. The only thing brother and sisterly we actually shared was our bloodties. We didn't act like brother and sister, and we didn't look the part either. Sometimes I even wondered if Philaine was even sure that my dad was Jay's dad. Without a doubt she probably had hung around other people around that time. \"I hate it when they fight\", I turned my glance towards my door as Jay slipped in barely audible, except for his words left in a mutter. My heart skipped a beat, and I hated it. \"Of course you do, it's your mother\", I told him in a matter-of-fact tone, and sat down on the bed next to him. Jay shrugged and leaned against the wall, staring right in front of him out the window. I curiously listened to the on going fight outside the door, and the silence between us grew greater. For some reason though, I didn't mind. \"What happened to your mom?\", He finally asked and broke the silence, and I turned to him with a slight frown painted on my lips. \"What do you mean?\", I shot back, the words coming out far more harsh than what I had intended for them to be. Jay's gaze turned to mine, and our eyes locked. As always, I looked into his eyes for any trace of emotion, but as always, I didn't find the one I was hoping to see. \"Well\", He began slowly, \"Dad is in jail\", Boy, did it feel strange hearing him call my, our , dad that, \"and you're living here. So she's clearly out of the picture, and Philaine told me she's dead.\" I looked away instantly, my body draining of emotion. Though I knew he hadn't meant for it to sound so.. harsh , it still did. I felt tired almost instantly, and sighed after a moment of silence. \"She died when I was eight\", I finally told him, my voice cracking as I mumbled, \"Cancer.\" Jay's mouth formed into a 'O' shape and there was a long moment of silence, one that I for once didn't mind. \"I'm sorry\", Jay said after a while, and I could hear in his voice he was being sincere. It felt good. \"Yeah, I know you are\", I mumbled with a sigh and looked out the window. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Mathematics really was never ever my subject in school, I had realized that early on in my education. I stared down at my book in misery during my last class for the day, and wished that it would end soon enough. It was just all so confusing, and it didn't help that the sides of my notebook was filled with partially erased versions of Jay's name. I went over them again with my eraser, feeling really down. The relief was huge as I heard the bell go off, and I slammed my book shut. Kathy was waiting outside the classroom, chewing gum and wearing the new top that she had bought when we went to the market in downtown Los Angeles the weekend before. \"Hey\", I waved slightly at her, wanting to grimace at how much alike we really looked when you thought about it. I glanced down at my own top. It had a remarkable likeness to Kathy's top, it was uncanny really. \" Hola \", She said in Spanish and got off the wooden bench that she had been sitting on. There were a lot of them spread out around the school, \"Are you coming with me and Blanca to the bowl?\" I thought about it for a moment, but then shook my head. \"No, I have homework to do\", I lied successfully and then added a genuine, \"Sorry.\" Kathy shrugged more effortlessly than what she probably was supposed to have, and then said, \"It's okay, I'll see you tomorrow at school then.\" I walked home from school feeling strangely cheery considering my before very down mood. Most my days consisted of being at the bowl, so maybe the change was good for me. \"I'm home!\", I shouted once I got in the door, but got nothing back. Philaine was probably at work. She worked at a sewing factory during the weeks, and as a waitress during the weekends to pay off the bills. Having nothing to do, I decided to call my dad. He had been moved up a level at the prison for good behavior, and was allowed phone calls during limited hours of the day now. \"Hey, pumpkin\", His voice had gotten scratchier since the last time I had talked to him, I realized as he got on the phone after I had endured a long conversation with the prison employee who had answered the phone. \"Hey, papi\", I responded and stared at the clock hanging on the wall in the Adams' livingroom slash kitchen, \"How are you hanging on?\" \"I'm doing just fine, kiddo\", He chuckled, \"Got anything on your mind? You sound down.\" Even though I didn't always get along with my dad, and I kind of hated him for getting himself into jail, deep down I still loved him. It would be strange if I didn't. \"No, not really.. well, actually, yeah\", I cursed myself mentally for bringing it up, but still continued, \"I've been thinking about something. It's got to do with Philaine and Jay.\" \"What about them?\" \"Well..\", I began, but cut off myself, \"Actually. It's nothing. Don't worry about it, papi.\" I could hear my dad huff on the other line, something I was used to hearing him do when I would say A, but not B, so to speak. \"If you say so\", He sighed with annoyance laced in his voice. I kept silent. \"How's school treating you then? The kids still nice to you?\", He asked breaking the silence. \"Everyone's very nice\", I replied and glanced at the clock again, not wanting to drag out the call too much, for the sake of Philaine's phone bill, \"I've made friends with a few kids that Jay is friends with. But I already told you that in a letter, I think.\" There was another silence. \"Oh, right, I forgot you can't see me. Here I am, just nodding like you could see me\", He laughed, and I joined in with a small, slightly forced chuckle, \"Are you coming to visit me anytime soon, pumpkin?\" I frowned in my own loneliness, \"I don't know. It's expensive.\" \"You can always call your grandma and grandpa if you need money\", He said, and I chuckled at the sound of dislike for them in his voice. \"I will, papi, I will\", I told him, not completely honest, but what he didn't know, didn't hurt him, \"Look, I have to hang up now before it gets too expensive for me to pay back to Philaine.\" \"I'll talk to you another day then\", He said and sighed, \"Good talking to you, Mags.\" \"Yeah, you too, papi. Bye\", I mumbled and heard him return my 'Bye', before I hung up and leaned back in the chair with a deep sigh. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Jay came home surprisingly early from the bowl, while I was standing in the kitchen making dinner. Philaine had called an hour earlier to tell me that she would be going to George's place after work and wouldn't be home until late. I had no idea who George was, all I knew was that he wasn't the guy who Philaine was officially seeing at the moment. The same guy that she had been fighting with when I had been hiding in my room with Jay the other day. \"You can cook?\", Jay questioned doubtfully and glanced down at what I was making. I was making pasta and Bolognese sauce, simple enough. \"Yeah, some of us don't turn to fast food and stuff you can warm up in the microwave when Philaine isn't home to make dinner\", I told him teasingly, and Jay rolled his eyes. \"She's not gonna be home until late?\", He asked, and I nodded, which made him grin mischievously. Uh oh. \"What?\", I asked him my eyes widening slightly as he started going through the kitchen cabinets. \"Philaine keeps her booze-\" \"No, Jay. Come on. Stay out of her alcohol\", I told him as firmly as I managed too, but to tell the truth, the thought didn't exactly not appeal to me to have a drink to dinner. Jay was way before me though, as he pulled out a bottle of white wine from a floor level cabinet. I didn't even know Philaine drank wine. I had only seen her drink beer before. \"If she finds out, she'll be so disappointed with you\", I tried, but Jay had already poured himself a glass and attempted to pour some in the Bolognese sauce, \"Don't ruin it!\", I snapped. He grinned and swayed off with the bottle and the glass to the kitchen table, and then started to set the table. I rolled my eyes. Jay's temper change would give me whiplash damage one day. \"You need to loosen up, Maggie, you really do\", Jay said in a loud tone as he recklessly flung some plates on the table, and I was genuinely surprised he wasn't breaking anything. Loosen up? , I thought, and glared at his back while he placed a glass on what I supposed, would be my side of the table, considering he already had his glass which he sipped on while setting the table. I grabbed an old newspaper from the pile next to the kitchen counter and set it down on the table along with the frying pan containing the Bolognese sauce. \"Pour me some of the wine, will you\", I called to Jay as I went to shift the water from the pasta cooking on the stove. The colander hadn't been washed, I quickly realized, and with a sigh I tried pouring most of the water out from the saucepan, nearly burning my fingers in the process. I sat it down next to the Bolognese sauce and sunk down on my chair, quickly taking a gulp from the wine. It tasted bitter, and I grimaced. \"You don't like wine, do you?\", Jay commented with a grin from opposite me, where he was in full speed serving himself food. \"As if you like it any better\", I huffed and used my fork to get some pasta onto my plate. Jay shrugged, \"Any alcohol is fine by me.\" I rolled my eyes, not surprised at all. Clearly, hanging out with the older guys was getting to Jay's head. Sometimes it was hard to understand he was only a year older than me, fifteen. The dinner rolled on fine, and I was starting to feel quite dizzy by my third glass of wine. The food had been eaten since long, but we still kept drinking. Turned on music as well, after Jay spent five minutes halfdrunkenly shifting through Philaine's endless collection of music. He had probably drunken more than double of what I had, again, not very surprisingly. \"You know, sometimes I wonder how it's possible that we're related\", Jay pondered with his feet swung up on the table, the chair wobbling on it's two back legs, as he balanced his weight accordingly. \"You have no idea how much I've thought about that\", I mumbled and took a gulp of the bitter wine. I got up from the chair and grabbed my plate to bring it into the kitchen. Jay followed suit, placing it in the sink along with, what could it be, a week worth of dishes? \"It's strange\", He began and I turned around only to almost jump a little when I realized he was standing facing me, our bodies almost touching, \"Isn't it?\" \"What is?\", I questioned warily, leaning against the counter behind me. \"You and me.\" I felt like laughing, but instead, I just rolled my eyes, trying to keep my cool even though my body was burning with desire. \"If you weren't my sister\", He continued and I felt my heart skip a beat, waiting for him to continue, waiting for him to say it. \"What?\" Jay shrugged, and that's when I did it. I leaned in, let my emotions get the best of me, and our lips locked together. I couldn't tell you even if I wanted to what happened next, because it's all such a blur. \"WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!\", Jay shouted and as if I had electrocuted him, he flung himself backwards into the other counter, \"This is wrong. Fuck fuck fuck! This is so fucking wrong!\" \"Jay\", I attempted, but he had already stormed out of the kitchen. I stood there with my glass filled with wine in hand, listening to the soft beats of The Beatles as I heard the frontdoor close with a bang. \"... I think I'm in love with you\", I finished with a sigh as tears slid down my face.[Chapter 7] Because this took waaaaay long, I made it a bit longer than usually. I've been really busy, so that's why it has taken a.. long time haha. The silence that filled the Adams' household after that night was the worst silence I had ever endured. The tense atmosphere, how you could almost feel the secrets pressing to come out whenever dinner was served. Philaine must have known something was wrong, but she never said anything. Probably thought that it was just some sort of sibling fight, I mean, things like that happen all the time, right? Except this time, it wasn't some ordinary fight between siblings. I stared at my face in the mirror in the bathroom getting ready for school, while Jay pounded his fist against the door. \"I need to take a fucking piss!\", He shouted on repeat with each hit on the door, but I ignored his words. Smudging out the black eyeliner around my eyes further, I couldn't help but let my mind fly away. It did often, anyway. I had always been told I had a short attention span, and that I was a huge daydreamer. It was completely true, as my mind often drifted away to other things. \"It wasn't supposed to end up like this\", I muttered furiously to my own reflection and applied a thick layer of black mascara to my lashes. I heard Jay let out another riddle of curses before it turned quiet, and I assumed that he had given up on me leaving the bathroom anytime soon. I sighed, the silence washing over me like a wave of relief. Jay's tone of voice had two different types since the previous night, a week earlier, and it was either that he was shouting in fury, or he was completely quiet. I preferred the last one for obvious reasons. My feet carried me out the door after I finished my make up, but I stopped in my tracks when I saw him sitting, leaning against the wall. \"Wha- What are you doing?\" He didn't say anything, but just let out a low mutter of some Spanish curse word Tony most probably had taught him, before he got off the floor and slipped by me into the bathroom. I remained standing outside the bathroom for a few minutes, not quite sure why I was surprised or anything. Jesus Christ, get a hold of yourself , I thought and clenched my fists. The kiss had been a mistake, I understood that much, what else would it have been after all? But, I still had the wish in my very core, the wish that he would have kissed me back. Sometimes the wish went further, as my mind wasn't exactly clean, but let's not go there. \"I'm leaving now\", I called in a dull tone to Philaine as I slipped my feet into a pair of ballerina flats I had borrowed from Kathy. I still rode the bike that Philaine had directed me to my first day in Venice, even though I still could barely reach the pedals while sitting on the saddle of it. Though it was nearly November by now, making it almost half a year since I had arrived, I still wore only jeans shorts and a short-sleeved top. Of course, that didn't stop the cold sea winds from blowing right through whatever article of clothing I wore, giving me goosebumps as I sped down the hill to the school. I arrived just in time to see the skater kid in my Spanish class fall over while trying to jump up onto one of those wooden picnic type of tables that were scattered across the school property. I never managed to remember his name, I just knew he hung around Jay, Tony, Stacy and that group of people, and that he was in the same classes as Tony, making him a Senior at the high school. Why on earth a twelfth grader would go in the same Spanish class as an eighth grader never occurred to me, to tell you the truth, nor did I ever find out. \"Hey Maggie\", He called out as I passed him and my head immediately, just because of the surprise, snapped to my left where he was standing, less than ten feet away from me. \"Hi...\", My voice quieted because I couldn't remember his name, actually, I could barely remember anyone's names in my classes, and it was amazing that I could remember some of the Z-Boys' names. He looked fairly disappointed, kind of like a sad puppy, \"Jack\", He finally announced. \"Right, totally knew that\", I said and coughed rather pathetically in an attempt to hide my complete and utter fail at a normal conversation. There was an awkward moment of silence, while I heard the bell ring, announcing loud and wide that class was starting shortly. \"So\", Jack began to speak just as I was about to walk away, \"Why haven't you been around with.. you know, Kathy and.. that other girl lately?\" \"Uh, I don't know.. a lot of.. homework I guess\", I lied through my teeth, and it was a bad lie too, just utterly bad. The truth, of course, was that I was avoiding Jay like the plague, not wanting to face the huge issue that we had going on here. Christ, everything would have been much easier if I had been born rich, or at least with enough money so that my dad wouldn't be in jail right now. My mind wandered off for a bit, thinking how it'd be if he wouldn't be. I'd be going to school back in Oregon, and life would be all blissful and I wouldn't have a care in the world. Well, maybe not a single one would be the wrong term, because I mean, every teenager has issues of some sort. At least they wouldn't have involved Jay Adams, which was enough to convince me. \"So, what do you think?\", My head snapped back up and I locked eyes with Jack again. \"About what?\", I asked confused and a bit ashamed I had completely zoned out on him, not hearing a single word. He hesitated for a bit, as if he was trying to decide if what he was going to say was even worth it. Not that I didn't understand him though, trying to have a decent conversation with me at that moment in my life had been more or less difficult. I zoned out more than what should have been appropriate even for my emotional state. \"Um, I was just asking you if you'd like to.. you know, catch a movie with me someday.. maybe?\" Movie. With Jack. \"Like, a date?\", I questioned with my eyebrows slightly raised as I pushed my bangs out of my eyes. \"I guess\", He mumbled, biting his lip repeatedly in what I guessed was nervousness. Not that I could see what he had to be nervous about. Or maybe I was just plain blunt to people's emotions sometimes, or, I didn't think highly enough of how pretty I was, or at least people claimed I was pretty. I was plain really, if you ask me. Nothing compared to Kathy, who was more than a hundred times prettier than myself. I thought for a moment about what the consequences of going out with Jack would be, or rather, what good would come out of it. A distraction, I figured. It was exactly what I needed. \"Yeah, okay. Sure, I'll go to the movies with you\", I finally blurted out, realizing how terribly late I was for class - I could not afford another detention, \"But um, I'm really late for class now and yeah. Just come by my house on like.. Saturday around eight or so, I guess?\" Jack nodded, seemingly more enthusiastic than moments before. \"Cool.\" I smiled at him slightly awkward before slipping past him and almost immediately going into a running pace as I navigated myself through the humid hallways that always smelled like sour milk, wishing the teacher was late, or something. Like I'd ever get that lucky. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- \"You have a date ?\", Jay stared at me in utter shock from across the dinner table, the first words he had said directly to my face for several days now. \"God, yes. Is that so hard to believe?\", I muttered angrily and made sure to make extra noise as I got out of my chair. Philaine watched the argument with slightly raised eyebrows as she lit her second cigarette since finishing her own plate of food. \"Stop trying to act like my brother!\", I added as I waltzed over to the kitchen, slamming my plate down next to the ever growing pile of dishes. \"I am your brother, for crying out loud!\" \"Not fucking possible\", I murmured both furiously and at the same time depressed as my feelings for Jay came to mind, making me clench my hand hard around the glass I had yet to put down with the rest of the dishes. After putting it down I took a deep breath before quickly racing past Philaine and Jay without actually running, ignoring something Jay said. I almost felt proud of myself for avoiding most of the argument as I slammed the door to my room shut. Clearly, the silence period had passed now and the Adams' household was going to fill with loud and cursing teenage voices instead. It was fucked up. I was fucked up. \"Calm down\", I told my reflection in the mirror and pulled my dress over my head, throwing it furiously on the bed. Maserati looked up momentarily as it landed on him, but he didn't seem to bother at all as he slumped his head back onto the covers and closed his eyes, going back to sleep. I started rummaging through my wardrobe, which was placed out across the whole room. There was a lot of clothing in the closet I had on the far left side of the room, some still laid untouched in my open suitcase at the side of my bed, and then, of course, there was the clothes that for some reason had found themselves thrown just about anywhere. I started with the thrown around clothes. What did you wear to a date anyway?, I thought, suddenly worried for some reason. Worried and nervous. That usually wasn't me, and that was what annoyed me. I finally settled for the cut off jeans turned into shorts I wore more often than underwear, and that's saying a lot considering wearing underwear is a must. Obviously. Though I knew it was eventually going to get crisp and chilly outside, I pulled them on effortlessly, buttoning them and doing a spin in front of the mirror. Having just picked out a The Rolling Stones t-shirt to wear I was abruptly interrupted when Jay snuck into my room. Soundlessly on his part, but loud on mine. \"Can you knock?!\", I questioned in a squeaky shriek as my cheeks turned involuntarily red and I covered my chest with the t-shirt. \"Oh, sorry\", Jay said slightly sarcastically, not even putting an effort in the sorry and turned around so I could put on the shirt. Really, and truthfully, I had nothing against Jay seeing me in only shorts and a bra, but, when this incident happened, it certainly wasn't exactly the moment for it. I pulled the t-shirt over my head, and muttered to him that he could turn around now. \"Who are you going out with?\", He immediately asked, and I rolled my eyes slightly, though I couldn't help but wonder why he was so interested. \"That's not any of your business\", I snapped and sat down on the bed. Jay gave me a look that said 'I-am-your-brother-and-I-should-get-to-know' and I sighed very irritated. \"Why do you even want to know?\" \"Curiosity?\", Jay shrugged, but I could see it was something more than that, and it was getting to me. Like I've said, the thing about Jay is that he can't hide his feelings what so ever. You will always be able to see how he is feeling by looking at his eyes. It's almost weird, but it's also so true. And he was clearly more than just 'curious'. \"Fine\", I said and sighed again, \"It's this guy in my Spanish class, Jack. You probably know him?\" With very much interest I watched Jay slightly freeze in his current motion and his mouth gaped in surprise. \"He's a Senior .\" \"So?\", I glared at him defensively, trying to push out how good those jeans looked on him from my head. \"Seniors only want one thing when they go after jailbait you know\", Jay muttered and I suffocated a laughter, but still chuckled slightly. \"I am not having a discussion about my innocence or something if that's where you're heading, Jay\", I rolled my eyes and put on a pair of thin cotton socks, no way I was going out in flip flops. \"You're impossible\", He shook his head and I smiled without thinking. \"Yep, and that's why you love me.\" Silence. Awkward and absolutely horrifying silence. \"Yeah, okay so.. bye\", I mumbled awkwardly and headed out the door before he could say anything else. As I sprinted out the frontdoor, I almost collided with Jack, bumping into his chest and almost falling. To my surprise, he caught me before I could touch the ground. \"Woah, what are you running away from?\", He asked with widened eyes as he helped me to stand up again. \"My brother\", I sighed ignoring how it stung inside me when I said brother , \"He's being more jerkier than usual.\" \"Oh\", We stood there for a moment of silence, \"Well, uh, come on, let's go. I got my car up front.\" \"A car?\", I asked him and grinned slightly, \"Impressive.\" Jack chuckled, and I almost thought I could hear a hint of nervousness in his voice. Maybe, I thought, maybe Jay was wrong and Jack wasn't like the other 12th graders. \"So, where are we going?\", I heard myself say as I poked around in the car while he started the car, shifted to first gear and the car started moving at an easy pace. \"Dinner and a movie\", Jack told me as he glanced at me and smiled, and I almost laughed out loud. \"Wow, aren't you just old school?\" He shrugged his shoulders, then said, \"You can take a nap or something if you want, it's a kinda long drive.\" I raised my eyebrows slightly, wondering where the heck he was taking me if it was \"a kinda long drive\". Then I shrugged my shoulders before grinning and leaned my head towards the window and drifted off to a well-needed sleep. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- I awoke a while later when the car came to a stop with a twitch, and sat up avoiding to rub my eyes, not wanting to smear my make up or something. \"Where are we?\", I asked with a yawn but before he could answer I looked out the window and knew exactly where we are, \"You drove to Los Angeles ?\" I looked skeptically at him, but he just shrugged his shoulders, and I shook my head as I mumbled something about him being crazy. Surely, Venice was actually a part of Los Angeles, it was just one of the many suburbs, neighborhoods or whatever you wanted to call it of L.A, but that didn't mean it wasn't a long drive. If you think twenty or so minutes is a long drive that is. Never in the time I had been stationed in Venice Beach had I been into the \"real\" Los Angeles, so to speak, except for when driving through there when coming down from Oregon in the beginning of last summer. Had it really been that long? Christmas was only what, maybe a month away. Time passed quickly, apparently. \"What movie do you want to see?\", He asked me as we entered the movietheater, and I stared at the posters of movies I had never heard of. \"I don't know, that Pink Panther movie is the only one I actually recognize\", I furrowed my brows and pointed at the poster with a man sporting a moustache and big letters reading 'The Pink Panther Strikes Again'. Jack paid for us both, even though I protested loudly (not that I would have been able to pay anyway, I was broke from trying to use shopping as a cure for being generally sad and depressed), and he then proceeded to buy us popcorn and Coca Cola. \"If you're going to be be this generous, I want McDonalds after the movie\", I pouted as we sat down in our seats. This made Jack laugh, and he shook his head, \"Maggie, you are one weird girl\", He mumbled as if I wouldn't hear, and I hit his shoulder loosely. \"Says the guy who drove to Los Angeles to watch a movie.\" He laughed another time, but then we both went quiet as the movie started. I didn't even flinch when he halfway through it put his arm around my shoulders. It felt good, it felt as if maybe everything was going to be alright.[Chapter 8] I was wrong. Of course I was wrong, why in heaven's name would anything go well for me? \"Hey, you want something from the store?\", Jack asked me as he pulled into the parking lot of a small grocery store that was still open. \"I'll just come with you\", I yawned and followed suit into the store. We walked around the store, Jack picking up random things as we walked. \"So, what's the story behind you moving in with Jayboy?\" \"He's my brother, sort of. I'm not sure actually how it's possible that we are related\", I mumbled and turned the pages of a skateboarding magazine. \"Hm\", Jack retorted and I looked up with him. \"What?\" \"Nothing, I just.. The guy looks at you like, well, not like you're his sister, so to speak\", Jack muttered and started walking to the cashier. I felt my heart skip a beat involuntarily, and I put back the magazine into the rack before jogging after him. It wasn't possible Jay felt the same way that I did, it just wasn't. Then again, I thought, just because he \"didn't look at me like I was his sister\", didn't necessarily mean he felt like me. \"That's ridiculous\", I mumbled without sounding very convincing, and fidgeted with a pack of gum I picked up from the small shelf next to the cashier's desk, dropping it on top of the stuff Jack had picked up along the way. He paid for it, and we remained silent. I was starting to feel the night curve to the worse, it was like the topic of Jay had made the atmosphere sour. It wasn't that difficult to figure out that Jack didn't like Jay, but then again, it wasn't that very hard overall to dislike Jay. He just had an attitude that didn't exactly appeal to a lot of people, or maybe they were just jealous of him because he was a good skateboarder. When we sat down in the car again, Jack spoke for the first time since we had reached the cashier, \"Why did you even come to Venice?\" I remained silent, not wanting to answer the question. \"I wanted some time away from Oregon?\" Jack laughed and shook his head, starting the car. I took his silence as that I had gotten a free pass for lying this time. He turned on the radio as he swerved out from the parking lot, and I hummed along to the song that I had heard so many times before. It wasn't uncommon for someone to bring a radio along to wherever the Z-Boys were skateboarding at the moment, and the whole place would drown in music, and the shouting from people cheering the guys on. When he stopped down up the hill from the Adams' household I looked over at him with confusion. I could see the house from there, the lights were off, but because it never really got pitch black outside in Venice, the contours were still very much visible. \"What are yo-\", I began to speak but was interrupted by Jack's mouth on mine, and in pure shock I pulled back so hard I hit the back of my head into the car door window. I rubbed the back of my head as Jack started apologizing profusely, saying something about that he couldn't hold it back any longer. \"It's okay\", I mumbled. He kissed me again shortly after that, and I pulled away again. Jack froze and looked at me, his facial expression puzzled, and one hand still on the steering wheel. I was beginning to feel nervous again, and fidgeted unknowingly with my hair, something I apparently did when I was nervous and just wanted to get the hell out of there. \"But, in the theater.. you let me put my arm around you?\", He asked and I made a small grimace to myself without thinking about it. \"Yeah but uh, that was different.. look.. it's not you, it's me\", I finally blurted out after a moment of silence, it was probably one of the lamest excuses ever to be made up by people wanting to get out of a commitment, but at least in my case, it was true. It wasn't him, it was me. Somewhat, at least. Jack looked hurt, before he put his hand on my thigh, rubbing it slightly in a circle, \"Come on, babe.\" \"Are you joking?\", I looked at him dumbfounded, then at his hand, then at him again. \"Look, you can't say you don't want to..\" I stared at him waiting for him to punch me playfully in the arm and tell me I was so easy to trick, but it didn't happen. When his hand slid inside my shorts, I'd had enough and was coming to realize there would be no playful punching of my arm and jokes, he was dead serious. \"What the- No! Get off me\", I cried out and pushed away his arm, at the same time opening the car door, \"What is wrong with you?\" Jack looked like I had just burned him with my hand, and while I tried getting out of the car he tried grabbing my hand and pulling me back in it. \"No! I told you- Stop it, Jack! I said stop it!\", I was almost screaming by the time I got my hand loose from him and got out of the car, slamming the door shut as hard as I could with the finishing words, \"Don't... I... Oh, fuck you!\" Trying to act tough I just started walking away from the car with quick steps, crossing my fingers he wouldn't follow me with his car. He didn't, I think mostly because Mrs. Rumenéz had probably seen the car and was peeking out through her front door. I heard the car swerve and turn around, the sound dying away quickly, and then I let the tears fall. How could I have been stupid enough to believe that a Senior was actually interested in me as a person, and not well, sex? I headed down the hill to the house, and when I entered it my cheeks were stained dark from make up riddled tears, and I saw Philaine had fallen asleep on the couch yet again. Ever since her last flame had left, Philaine had been a wreck. I picked up a half empty glass bottle of beer that was standing on the livingroom table, downing what was left before putting it with the rest by the backdoor. The warming sensation that filled my stomach always seemed to calm me down, and I waited for the cloudiness to penetrate my head and make my problems go away. Unfortunately, there was a lot of drinking going on with the Z-Boys, and clearly I had built up a tolerance towards alcohol. There was no cloudiness coming my way I realized as I stood staring out the window with my hand still around the neck of the bottle. \"Oh dad, why'd you have to be such a loser and get thrown into jail?\", I mumbled to myself before heading towards my bedroom. I stopped in front of the door leading into Jay's room, it was slightly creaked open and I could see Jay snoring on his bed. Maserati was on the floor next to him, and Jay's arm was hanging off the bed onto Maserati, as if he had been scratching him. Not sure what I was thinking, or if I was thinking at all, instead of continuing to my bedroom I headed into Jay's. I pulled off my shorts but kept my shirt on before gently pushing Jay to the side so I could lay down in the bed next to him. \"What th-\", Jay awoke and mumbled in a sleepily voice as he looked at me through the dim light with one eye open. \"He was a loser, you were right\", I barely whispered through tears, and Jay just sighed and laid down again. \"Told you so.\" I fell asleep in a cloud of happiness, it was as if just like that, everything was alright again. Of course I was out of his room by the morning, I didn't want Philaine catching us. Even if she didn't wake up before noon that day. After that, it was as if everything had gone back to normal again. Or at least as normal as it could get. Christmas and New Years went by in a daze, I can't even remember anything from it, except that Philaine got me an AC/DC t-shirt, and my dad sent a card from prison. As for New Years Eve, I woke up with Tony's vomit in my hair, which explains just how well that night probably went. It was hard to say exactly what had changed, but it was as if the kiss had never happened. I had never been so relieved about something for quite some time. \"Jay, get out of bed or you are going to miss the good waves\", It was dawn and like I had done for the past week, I woke up Jay really early so we could both go down to the beach. \"I am coming, Jesus Christ\", He muttered sleepily and threw the covers off himself, and I quickly diverted my eyes away from his body that now was only covered by a pair of boxers. \"I'll be outside\", I mumbled quickly without hesitation and darted out from the room before Jay could notice the red color building up on my cheeks and the bridge of my nose as I blushed. Philaine had already left for work, she was working extra lately. I wasn't sure why, but I assumed it was for the money, I couldn't really see any other reason for it. Except maybe trying to get her mind off Donnie. Philaine was a wreck about it, and so was Jay, although he wasn't showing it. It had become clear when I found the brand new surfboard Donnie had given him as a parting gift slashed to pieces by a knife. Obviously Jay hadn't wanted to talk about it, and I wasn't about to push the subject. Five minutes later, Jay came out through the frontdoor dressed in his wetsuit that was pulled up to his waist, his old surfboard under one arm, and his skateboard in his free hand. \"Tell me again why you like to come with me this early\", He questioned, still sleepy, while I unlocked the lock that kept my bike from being stolen. \"I never said I like it, but it's better you surf in the morning before school, than during school, and Philaine hates that you ditch\", I shrugged out the lie with ease, I was getting really good at lying. \"Besides, I like to hang out with the guys, even Skip at times.\" Jay seemed to ponder for a few seconds whether I was telling him the truth or not, but he was probably too tired to invest much thought into it, and just dropped his skateboard onto the ground and set of towards Bicknell Hill, telling me to hurry up. \"You really need to get a car, or something, Jay!\", I panted mere moments later as I trampled on the bike's pedals on my way to Pacific Ocean Park, with Jay holding onto the rear rack of the bike with one hand, his feet on the skateboard, and the surfboard that hit my side all the time under his one arm. \"I don't even have a license!\" Jay was screaming for no apparent reason as we sped down Bicknell Hill, inching closer and closer to the run down amusement park, where the infamous surfspot I had been to many times could be found - the Cove, \"And I'm not even sixteen!\" \"Ugh, well you will be in like a month so get busy getting that license, please!\", I pleaded - Jay's sixteenth birthday was less than a month away on February the third. A few minutes later I took a sharp turn into the cracked asphalt parking lot. Jay almost lost his balance, but recovered from the swaying and didn't fall onto the raw ground, which would have resulted in more than a few scrapes and cuts. Although it was something he was used to, I couldn't imagine it got better with each time. I parked the bike next to the worn couch that had once been white but was now yellow, and had been sitting there since I could remember. I even greeted Ted, the homeless guy who could usually be found sleeping on it, but either he didn't hear me or was asleep, so I headed after Jay instead. He had already leapt down to the littered beach, and it didn't take long for me to catch a glimpse of the high splashing waves, and a surfer barely avoiding hitting a wooden pole as he rode the wave closer to the beach, where I could see Tony and Stacy, both dressed in wetsuits, as well as a few of the older guys, Skip, Stecyk, Montoya, and so on. They held court over the surfspot all the time, and if you didn't do what they told you, you were better off just leaving. \"Hey, Twiggy\", I was greeted by them by a wave of greetings including my nickname - like I said before, even though I grew boobs and curves, the name Twiggy still stuck until I left Venice for good years later. Because Skip seemed to have a weak spot for me, I rarely had to do any work when I was at the Cove. Unlike Jay, Stacy, Tony and the like, who worked their way to the right to surf there, by guarding the parking lot from non-locals, garbage clean up, floating around in the Boneyard and protecting boards, etcetera. The Boneyard as it was fittingly nicknamed, was a part of the surfspot with pillars running into the dirty water, rocks peeking up from below the surface, and anything that really could be dangerous for boards - and bones for that matter. This was before the time of surf leashes, so if you fell of your surfboard, it wasn't just going to stay with you, it was going to continue with the wave, while you struggle to not drown or anything quite as dramatic. \"Waves are big today\", I commented absentmindedly as I watched Tony head back to the parking lot, and Jay making no attempts to hide his disgust with the garbage piling up in the Boneyard while he swam out to an appropriate spot - Stacy was already gone, picking up trash somewhere. \"When aren't they?\", Stecyk snorted loudly, and aimed his camera at me, the clicking sound going off a few times. I knew there was no idea to try and hide my face, I had done it before, and had been screamed at, being called ungrateful and whatnot. Stecyk was cool though, he was a photojournalist for magazines. He always had his camera with him, taking photos mostly of the Z-Boys, but on more than one occasion I had seen pictures of myself, Kathy, Blanca, the supportive cast, you can call it, snuck into his artwork. I still have some of the photographs he took and gave to me as a matter of fact, but the truth is, I haven't looked at them in years. Most of that time is something I'd rather forget, and a lot of it is captured in those photographs.[Chapter 9] This is me being on a roll, feel happy -- or something. \"Oh my god! Oh my god! Oh. My. God !\", Kathy's sudden appearance next to me behind the school where I usually hid when I wanted to be alone -- she had found out about this spot early on in our friendship though, so it wasn't much of a hiding place anymore -- made me jump, and I cursed out loud while I started picking up the papers for my math test I had been going through. \"What?!\", I snapped, startling Kathy just as much as she had startled me, and she looked offended, \"God, sorry - but you scared the shit out of me, Kathy.\" \"Oh, boo fucking hoo\", She rolled her eyes but then cracked a smile, \"You will never guess what I just found out about!\" I furrowed my brows, \"What?\" \"Tony, Stacy and Jay are going to be on the cover of, wait for it...\", She paused and I wanted to hit her just so she'd tell me, \" Skateboarder Magazine !\" For a moment I just stared at her, my mouth gaping in surprise. Of course I had known the Z-Boys were getting popular, heck, they were even starting to get famous - but the cover of Skateboarder Magazine? That -- that I had never imagined could happen. \"Oh my god, are you serious?!\", I immediately dropped my papers onto ground, and got off the tipped metal trashcan I was sitting on, \"That's amazing!\" \"I know, it's like... God, I don't even know what to do!\", I had never seen Kathy this happy before, and it was contagious. Soon we were dancing around, holding hands and spinning in circles while we chanted 'Skateboarder Magazine' over and over again. At that moment, neither of us knew what was going to follow, hell, we were only kids. If you grow up and live in Dogtown, sure enough you'd grow up tough enough to withstand most things - but at that moment, both of us were naïve enough that when the disaster came, we couldn't have been more unprepared in our life. A few weeks passed, and everyone was boiling with excitement for the upcoming Skateboarder Magazine cover. It was like everyone was in a bubble of happiness, nothing being able to burst it. Jay had never been in a better mood before, at least during the time I had lived in Venice. And he had his birthday coming up as well, so I understood him. \"Hey, has either of you seen the pink icing?\", All of us girls were cooped up inside Blanca's kitchen, all of us meaning me, Kathy, Blanca and Thunder Monkey, who I had recently discovered was Blanca's cousin. I threw Blanca the tube of pink icing from where I was sitting on probably the only spot in the kitchen not covered by anything pastry related. The kitchen was a mess, no really, it was a disaster. There was cake pans, measuring cups and flour strewn all over the place, and Blanca's little brother's running in and out of it trying to steal some cake and icing all the time. On the counter was a sheet cake with a wobbly and homemade version of a Skateboarder Magazine cover - the Z-Boys cover to be exact. Blanca's grandmother was dancing and singing along to the Sonny and Cher song on the small TV, and we'd sporadically join in during the chorus of songs, dancing around the crowded kitchen. \"Sid's house is bigger than the Playboy Mansion, but he's not snotty\", I heard Kathy say to Thunder Monkey while she shamelessly nudged her with her elbow before turning to me and Blanca, \"Right?\" We burst out in a fit of giggles while Blanca tried to concentrate on squirting out some of the pink icing on the cake. We had all seen Sid's house in the Valley, and the other boys always tried to convince him to talk his dad into letting them drain the pool so they could skate it. Sid's dad would have nothing of that \"crap\" though, he despised that Sid hung out with us. It wasn't much of a surprise though, because Sid was rich, I mean, he was really rich. He was our complete social opposite. \"Okay, it's done!\", Blanca exclaimed as she dispensed the last click of icing onto the cake, screwing on the cork again and we all surrounded the cake, applauding Blanca for her work. That's when Blanca's grandmother entered the room again after a moment of having left, carrying a Polaroid camera in her hands and told us in Spanish to pose for a photograph. Of course I still didn't understand anything of the foreign language, but it wasn't hard to understand what I needed to do. \" ¡Sonrían! \", She called out, \"Smile!\", and I didn't even have to force a smile for once. We stood in the kitchen posing with curlers in our hair, and slips covered with icing and flour. But fuck it, we were happy. \"Quick, go get ready\", She then ushered us out of the kitchen, \" Quiero un fotografía cuándo usted está todo vestido arriba también! \" Hurrying into Blanca's bedroom without any hesitation we pulled off the slips and brushed off any flour that had gotten on our skin. Apparently we were going for a Chicana style, which I had no idea what it meant even though Kathy tried explaining it to me. All I got was that I had to wear feathers in my hair and a ridiculous halter top in white faux leather that barely went down to my bellybutton. Blanca's grandmother took one more photograph of us together after we had finished getting dressed. We had teased our hair after removing the curlers, and I had forced down several bright colored feathers inside a headband I had pulled down to my forehead. Our lips were painted red, and while in the car Thunder Monkey drove -- she was eighteen -- we shared a bottle of cheap Tequila. \"Half-breeeeeeeed!\" I screamed along to the Cher song while leaning out the car window as we passed people on the sidewalk, I was already starting to get drunk from the Tequila. The party celebrating the cover was being held in the Zephyr shop - where else? People were bolting in and out of the place, music loud and before we even entered, I could see Skip handing out copies of the magazine. \"They couldn't buy publicity like this!\", I heard him scream, and I smiled. Kathy carried the cake as we entered to a cheer from everyone, and we shook our hips to the music while singing along to it. I had tied a hip scarf over my jeans shorts, not much different from the type bellydancers wear, and the coins made lovely sounds while I moved. My eyes searched the place for Jay, but instead I saw Tony getting a bit too close to some Valley girl. Blanca apparently saw this too, because, before me and Kathy had a chance to react, she had yanked the cake out of Kathy's hands and was heading to the back patio, furious. \"Oh, Tony..\", I mumbled and shook my head, even when everyone was happy, the drama seemed to pile up. Kathy had disappeared after Blanca, so I took my opportunity to grab Thunder Monkey and go looking for Sid. He was in the locker room with a skater I didn't recognize, and was startled when we appeared, burning himself on the joint he was holding between his index finger and thumb. \"Ow!\", He called out, but quickly tried to regain his posture, \"looking cool\". Unfortunately, Sid was anything but cool. He was constantly nervous, a bit twitchy and didn't quite fit in with the rest of us. \"Have fun\", I mumbled to Thunder Monkey with a smile, before dodging out, and pulling the blonde skater with me, leaving them alone in there. I headed out to the back patio to get some cake, just in time to see Jay and Kathy intertwined in a conversation that immediately turned sour when Stacy appeared, completely freezing when he saw what was going on. I felt like someone had just stabbed a knife through my heart, and clenched my fists to not start crying. I hated this, I fucking hated having to do this. Jay soon headed one way, and Stacy the other while Kathy was left standing there, a guilty look in her eyes. \"You know, you can't play with them both\", I told her silently as I snuck up next to her, placing a piece of cake on a paper napkin, \"It's not fair to either of them, Kathy.\" What I wanted to say of course, was that I wanted her to stay the fuck away from Jay, but I couldn't, for obvious reasons. \"Whatever\", She muttered with an emotionless tone in her voice before pushing past me and heading back to the party. I stared down at the cut up cake and sighed -- the bubble had burst. When I heard people chanting and screaming \"girl fight\", \"psycho chick\", and other bad words moments later, I immediately knew what had happened. I dropped my piece of cake back onto the surfboard where it had been placed, and nearly sprinted back into the shop. \"I worked two weeks at Market Basket, just to pay for this skirt! My brother's gonna scratch that neck, puta !\", I got in there just in time as I saw Blanca launch herself at Gabrielle, a Valley girl without much clothing articles on. Tony was just standing there looking completely mesmerized by what was happening. \"Get her off me!\", Gabrielle screamed, and sure enough, soon Shogo and Peggy were pulling a cursing and kicking Blanca off her, \"That girl is fucking crazy!\" Both me and Kathy glared at her and Tony, and we hurried Blanca outside to comfort her. It was over between her and Tony now, it was that clear. \" Yo odio le! \", She cried out repeatedly between sobs as Kathy wrapped her in a hug, rocking her like you would do with a child, \"I hate him! I fucking hate him, and his stupid whore!\" \"We should get her home\", I heard myself utter through my Tequila daze, and I went to get the keys to Thunder Monkey's car from her. She was busy making out with Sid, and when I cleared my throat to alert them of my presence, Sid lost his balance and fell off the couch they were sitting on, making both me and Thunder Monkey burst into laughter. \"I need the keys to your car\", I told her, completely ignoring Sid who looked completely terrified that I had walked in on them, \"Blanca saw Tony and Gabrielle kind of.. something, and well, you can figure out the rest yourself.\" Thunder Monkey made an 'O'-shape with her mouth, and handed me the keys while asking me if Blanca was okay. \"She will be\", I shrugged before winking at Sid, \"Carry on!\" Kathy was waiting with Blanca by the car, and I got in the driver's seat. I had only driven a few times before, I only knew the basics of shifting gear, and so on. Therefor it took ten times longer to get back to Blanca's house than it had taken to get from there to the party earlier. \"I can take it from here\", Kathy told me awkwardly when I finally managed to park somewhat close to the sidewalk outside of Blanca's house. We hadn't mentioned the incident from earlier since it had actually happened. I nodded awkwardly, and waited for Kathy and Blanca to get to the frontdoor before I started up the engine again. It took me just as long to get back to the party, but this time it was worse, because I had to drive in silence the whole way there. It left me time to think.[Chapter 10] A/N: I have no idea where the hell I am heading with this story, but eh, at least I'm enjoying writing it... I started looking for Jay the first thing that I did when I got back to the shop. Stacy had probably already headed out much earlier, after catching Kathy and Jay. I found him talking to Amelia, Chino's girlfriend. Chino.. He never liked me, I can tell you that much. Actually, I don't think he really liked anyone of the female gender, except when they were naked and under him. \"No. He won't leave me alone\", Amelia said as I watched her closing in on Jay, and I rolled my eyes, christ, had the woman no shame? She knew very well that Jay was a minor, and she was definitely not a minor herself. \"I wouldn't either...\", Jay replied shamelessly, \"Can I suck on your-\" I went in to interrupt him, and grabbed his wrist as hard as I could to pull him away from Amelia before Chino returned and saw what's going on. I didn't stop until we were in the locker room which was empty once again. \"Are you crazy?!\", I nearly screamed and punched him in the arm hard at which he let out a small 'ow', \"That's Chino's girlfriend you were nearly pouncing on.\" \"So?\", Jay looked indifferent, which was driving me crazy and I cursed loudly. \" So , he'll kill you if he finds out you're going around saying shit like that to her!\" He shrugged, making me even angrier with him. Fact is, he knew very well he was making me angry, and he was probably only doing it for his own entertainment. \"Oh, and Kathy -- your best friend's girlfriend? Really, Jay?\", I continued, and at that, Jay froze. \"He can't handle her\", He muttered and took a chug out of his plastic cup. I glared at him, \"And you can?\" \"Apparently\", He shrugged again, driving me off the edge. Without any hesitation I slapped him hard across the cheek, and he was startled enough by it to drop his drink. It splashed up on both our legs, leaving wet stains on his jeans, and drops running down my bare legs. \"What the hell!\", He yelped out and glared up at me, \"You're fucking crazy, Maggie!\" \" I am crazy?!\", I clenched my fists, \" You are crazy, Jay, what is wrong with you?!\" There was a beat of silence. It was one of those moments that feels like it's minutes, maybe even hours long, but in reality it's more like a few seconds. Our lips crashed together violently, and Jay pushed me towards a locker so hard it hurt. I wasn't even close to the point where I would have actually noticed the pain, not with the adrenaline surging through my body. We started making out angrily, furiously -- every emotion being let out as we ripped at eachother's bodies hungrily. \"This is fucking wrong\", Jay backed away from me suddenly, just like he had done months earlier that night when Philaine was working late. I was breathing heavily, my red lipstick was smeared outside the lines, where I stood leaned against the locker. I was exhilarated because of what had just happened, but at the same time terrified because of what had just happened. I knew that what was about to happen was going to change everything forever, but I didn't care. \"Who fucking cares if it's wrong?\", I uttered between heavy breaths before I grabbed his hand and pulled him behind curtain that separated the locker room from the showers that no one really ever used. Jay looked like he was thinking for a moment, and opened his mouth to say something. \"No. Don't think, Jay, not now\", I interrupted him and let my emotions get the best of me as I pushed my lips onto his, and this time he didn't back away. We kissed violently, ripping off clothing articles one by one, each one with more force than the one before. We tumbled down onto the cold tile floor, I hit my head in the process, but I didn't care about the aching pain on the back of my head that was sure to leave a bruise or two. I was going to be bruised enough from the reckless hook up with Jay anyway. \"Are you sure about this?\", He began to talk again by the time he was attempting to get off my jeans shorts that had a total of four buttons on them and it wasn't the easiest task to pop one of them loose either. \"Are you ?\" There was a moment of silence, but then he just shook his head and blinked his eyes before going back to what he was doing. I started pulling the shirt over his head without much concern that he was at the same time trying to get off my pants, something that needed his hands. He finally gave up with the buttons after a few seconds, and instead just pulled the shorts down, my underwear coming down along with them. Jay was just about to unbutton his own jeans when the sound of someone running through the locker room made us both bolt away from eachother, as the realization of what we were doing dawned upon us. \"Fuck, fuck fuck!\", Jay cursed out loud and ripped at his hair. We were now at more than a foot's distance from eachother, and the adrenaline that had been rushing through me had died down completely. I was starting to wrap my mind around what could have happened if someone hadn't sprinted through the locker room, I could have had sex with Jay. Because it doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out where we had been heading. \"Let's just pretend this never happened\", I said in a monotone voice, feeling as if I was traveling further and further into my own little world. I unbuttoned the last buttons Jay hadn't managed to get undone, and pulled the shorts and my panties back up to my hips. He stared at me with an emotion in his eyes I couldn't really figure out while I pulled the leathery top over my head -- I hadn't worn a bra, because the top itself was tight enough for everything to be kept \"in place\". \"Maggie.. I..\", His voice trailed off, as if he wasn't sure what to say, not that I could blame him. \"Let's just pretend this never happened\", I repeated in the same monotone voice, and got up from the cold floor and grabbed my hip scarf, while feeling the tears brimming up in my eyes. My first thought was that I was going to leave, right away preferably. I left Jay sitting in the locker room and headed out into the shop, still holding back the tears, and didn't even realize the absence of people until I got outside. The sight that met me made my body go cold, as I watched Skip on the roof of the Zephyr shop, screaming out obscenities I couldn't translate from his drunken slur to the English language. I want no part in this , I thought as I let the tears glide down my cheeks, like someone opened the floodgates. \"These Dogtown parties are great!\", A guy dressed in a white suit that looked expensive nearly snickered and I watched him blow past me towards an even more expensive car. I recognized him as Topper Burks, though I had actually never seen him. But when you saw Topper, you just knew it was him. He was hard to miss. I wanted to punch his face, but instead I headed down the street before anyone could notice me, to the sound of Skip throwing another surfboard to the pavement while cursing about how skateboarding was selling out. The walk was quiet. It always puzzled me how Dogtown could seem so quiet at night, even though it at the same time was one of the loudest places I ever lived in during my whole teenage and adult life. I wasn't sure what the clock was, but it was late, probably the type of late that means \"early morning\". I knew this because I caught a glimpse of the sun rising as I slipped in through the window into Jay's room like I had seen him do several times, as to not wake up Philaine. When morning dawned upon Dogtown the next day, you could feel something had changed. Jay was missing, he hadn't come home the night before, Stacy and Kathy had broken up, it wasn't even on topic to talk about Blanca and Tony, and the biggest change of all - the Zephyr shop was closed. No one had even bothered to clean up the trash outside the shop, shattered fiberglass boards, and equally shattered liquor bottles that were spread out in huge circles from where they had hit the ground. Kind of like meteors. Liquor meteors dropped from the roof of the shop. I didn't want to leave my room at first, but I had to because of school. Frankly, Philaine probably didn't care that much if I ditched school or not - I wasn't her kid after all, but I knew that she'd let my dad know if she found out, and even while he was locked up in a cell hours away, he still managed to scare the living shit out of me when he got upset. \"Last night was a mess\", I muttered to Peggy where we had huddled up on a bench between classes, passing a cigarette between us. \"Tell me about it\", Peggy groaned and took a drag from the almost burnt up cigarette, \"I have scratch marks from Tony's crazy bitch trying to claw my eyes off.\" Before that, I had actually never heard Peggy speak badly of Blanca, though this time, I couldn't blame her, \"Not gonna lie, I am fairly sure she wasn't out to get ya'.\" \"He's a moron\", She continued and handed me the cigarette, \"Blanca's crazy, and that other chick, Gabrielle? Equally crazy. Only difference is she has money.\" I nodded, though I wasn't particularly listening anymore. \"Did you hear Jay beat up Chino, by the way?\", My eyes perked up at that statement, and I furrowed my eyebrows in confusion. \"Why the hell would he do that?\" Peggy snorted, \"Beats the hell out of me. Chino's saying he's going to, and I quote, kill that little son of a bitch if he ever sees him by the Cove again.\" I closed my eyes. So that was why Jay had gone M.I.A, because Chino wanted to kill him. You couldn't blame me for not warning him though, because I had. Then again, that conversation hadn't ended very well. My stomach flipped anxiously as my mind traveled to the previous night and it's events. \"That explains why Jay didn't come home last night\", I mumbled absentmindedly and received the cigarette from Peggy, taking a drag from it before putting it out against the bench and flicking the butt onto the pavement, \"Afraid Chino's gonna be there waiting for him with a baseball bat or something.\" We both sighed in unison before Peggy huffed exasperatedly and muttered something about her American History lesson starting in five minutes. I opened my eyes, \"I'll see you later. Are you going skating with the guys this afternoon?\" Peggy nodded and I pressured out a smile before I watched her head out of my line of sight and inside the school building once more. I tapped my fingers against the bench as I realized Jay's birthday wasn't that far away, and how things were looking right now, it wasn't going to be a good one. The sudden idea to call my dad again struck me when I walked past the teacher's lounge. I slipped inside after feeling on the door handle - not much of a surprise it wasn't locked, and pulled up a chair next to the phone on one of the desks placed strangely in the room. It was completely deserted, everyone was probably teaching, but I kept an eye at the door just in case. I figured, if a teacher would catch me in there, I'd just pull a lie out of my ass or something, as an excuse for being in there. \"Maggie?\", I had talked to a guard of some sort for a few minutes before finally I recognized my dad's raspy voice over the line. \"Daddy\", I breathed out, my teeth clenching as I forced back tears. I wasn't sure why I all of a sudden felt the urge to cry, maybe it was because of the recently transpired events. Goddamn, it wasn't supposed to happen like it had. Those words had been repeating over and over in my head. Actually, they had for a few months at that point, but all the same, I was coming near a breaking point. \"Are you sure you can't get out early from prison?\", My voice trembled slightly as I blurted out the question, which frankly, was a stupid question. My dad chuckled, obviously assuming I was joking, \"Yeah of course, I'll just walk right out the door. How's everything?\" \"Same old, same old\", I muttered, deciding not to tell him about well.. anything, \"I got an A on my essay about The French Revolution.\" \"Really? That's fantastic, sweetheart!\", He sounded genuinely happy for me, which only made it feel more like a stab to the heart when I thought about what I was really doing with my time in Dogtown -- drinking, smoking, and not to mention nearly jumping the bones of my halfbr- Jay . \"Yeah, fan tastic.\" ","Summary":" This story deals with a sensitive subject, love between two family members that goes beyond \"famil"},{"Movie":"Let Me In, 2010","Title":"Let Me In 2","Author":"Lee Kyle","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7423061","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1: FBI Response This case is going to make my career. FBI Special Agent Charles Alvirez reached this conclusion immediately upon entering the swimming facility and observing pieces of dismembered children scattered about the deck. His partner, Doug Jenkins, presented a more prosaic thought: \"Holy sh-.\" Alvirez and Jenkins walked gingerly about the pool, allowing the swarm of Los Alamos police to document the scene. A diver fished body parts out of the water and stacked them next to the shallow end. A hole in a ceiling window permitted snowflakes to fall lazily from the night sky, creating an oddly beautiful contrast with the gore below. Alvirez glanced over his shoulder, observed the Los Alamos Sheriff waiting impatiently for him. Let him wait. Alvirez liked thinking over a crime scene on his own for the first few minutes. The agents stopped at a diving board, upon which lay the remains of (one?) child. Alvirez didn't touch the body, but he studied the wounds carefully from several angles. There was just no getting around it. The boy appeared to have been ripped to pieces. \"If you and I held a teenager on opposite ends and pulled as hard we could, would he come apart?\" Alvirez asked. \"It would hurt him,\" Doug replied. \"But it wouldn't dissect him.\" Alvirez shook his head. He had seen nasty things happen to the human body in Vietnam. But there was no evidence that explosives had been employed in this space. \"Shotguns?\" his partner suggested. \"No pellets,\" Alvirez said. \"No casings. No spatter on the walls.\" \"Something blew that window out.\" \"True,\" Alvirez granted, but he was suspicious. The hole in the ceiling was the only real indication that firearms might have been used. There was no smell of gunpowder, though. Doug shrugged his shoulders. \"I suppose I have to say it,\" he offered. \"Chainsaws?\" \"Again, no spatter. I'm thinking bladed weaponry. \"But the wounds are too ragged.\" Alvirez frowned, yet allowed the point. He had never actually seen a limb severed with a sword. Presumably the cuts would be clean. Cleaner than this, anyway. Something for the coroner to figure out. They resumed their slow walk, came to another body whose head carried a large bandage over the left ear. Alvirez paused for a moment, enjoyed his last \"moment of purity.\" So far he had refused to be told anything. All he knew was what he saw: a massacre fit for a media circus. Not just four dead students – four dead students killed on school property . And in thoroughly gruesome fashion, to boot. But the purity of his ignorance couldn't be allowed to last. \"Sheriff Johnson,\" Alvirez finally said, motioning the man over. \"What have you figured out so far?\" \"The incident occurred about 5:15 PM,\" the sheriff informed him. \"An afterschool swim session was taking place, twenty or twenty-five students present. We're still trying to figure out exactly who was here. The session was being monitored by the gym teacher, a Mr. Vladimir Zoric. \"One of the deceased students entered the pool area and informed Mr. Zoric of a fire outside. Mr. Zoric went to investigate. He found the contents of a garbage dumpster on fire. When he tried to reenter the building he found it locked. Mr. Zoric ran around to the front of the building, observed students fleeing through the front entrance. He used the pay phone in the lobby to call 911. Then he reentered the pool area and discovered the four bodies.\" \"None of the deceased are wearing bathing suits,\" Doug observed. \"They weren't participating in the swim session,\" the sheriff replied. \"The timing doesn't make sense,\" Alvirez said. \"The gym teacher runs around the building, right? Two minutes, tops. Makes a phone call. Call that another two minutes. Let's give him a minute to make it back to the pool. You're saying our perpetrators did all this and got away in less than five minutes?\" \"There's a lot that doesn't make sense,\" the sheriff shrugged. No argument there , Alvirez thought. \"We need testimony from the children who were here.\" The sheriff nodded. \"Zoric is trying to make a list of the kids who were in the pool. We're calling their homes, getting them to try and remember who else was here.\" \"So we could have students unaccounted for and not even know it,\" Alvirez said. \"We've really got to nail down that list, make sure every student has made it home safely.\" \"We've got officers in the principal's office,\" the sheriff informed them. \"They're pulling student files and making calls. The administrative staff have all returned to the building. They're helping us out.\" \"Good,\" Alvirez replied. His support team from Albuquerque would arrive shortly. No doubt they could do a better job than the Los Alamos Police Department. But the agent had no desire to force a jurisdictional battle. He would need the locals before long, and he was content to let them feel important. The case was going to become his, though, no doubt about that. And the Bureau would give him resources. Lots of resources. \"Zoric was able to identify all four bodies,\" the sheriff added. \"I want him back in here,\" Alvirez said. \"I want him to ID the bodies again.\" \"I doubt he's going to want to do that.\" \"Too bad.\" The sheriff began to walk away. \"And get someone up on that roof,\" Alvirez added, pointing to the hole in the ceiling glass. \"I'd like some pictures.\" Alvirez adopted a brooding scowl. \"What are you thinking, boss?\" his partner asked him once the sheriff had gotten out of earshot. \"I'm thinking these boys came looking for trouble,\" Alvirez said. \"They made an effort to get the teacher out of the building. Why?\" The sheriff reentered the pool area, this time bringing along a man in his mid-forties wearing a sweat suit. \"I'm Agent Alvirez,\" the Bureau man introduced himself, extending his hand. \"This is my partner, Agent Jenkins.\" \"Vladimir Zoric,\" the gym teacher replied in an Eastern European accent. \"I'm sure this is hard,\" Alvirez began, preparing to write on a small pad of paper, \"and I know you've already done it. But we would really appreciate it if you'd identify the victims for us.\" Zoric pointed to the closest body. \"Mark Williams,\" he said flatly. He glanced over at the farther diving board. \"Donald Brick.\" He motioned to the boy whose ear was bandaged. \"Kenny Dollard. All 7th Graders. The older boy, the one whose head was in the water. That's Kenny's brother, Jack.\" \"They were all your students?\" Alvirez asked. \"Jack used to be,\" Zoric replied. \"The other three are in my gym class, yes.\" \"The victim you identified as Kenny,\" Alvirez continued. \"It looks like he suffered a prior injury to the side of his head.\" \"A fight during an ice-skating trip,\" Zoric explained. \"A student named Owen Wheeler struck him with a metal pole.\" \"Why was that?\" \"These three ganged up on him a lot, I think. Kenny, Mark, and Donald. Kenny was the leader, though. I saw them confront Owen on the ice. I reckon Owen got sick of it and decided to fight back.\" The bells went off in Alvirez' mind. \"This Owen Wheeler,\" he asked, \"was he present in the pool tonight?\" \"Yes. I was training him.\" \"Did you see him exit the building?\" \"No. I don't know what happened to him.\" Alvirez turned to the sheriff. \"You're working the phones from the school office, right? Let's radio over there and see if they've reached anyone at the Wheeler residence.\" The agent returned his attention to Mr. Zoric. \"You say you witnessed the confrontation between Owen Wheeler and these three boys. Didn't you try to stop it?\" \"It happened too fast. Then the body in the ice was discovered.\" Alvirez blinked. \"Body?\" \"The kids found a dead man frozen in the pond.\" Alvirez turned to the sheriff, raised an eyebrow. \"We've had a string of attacks the last two-and-a-half weeks,\" the sheriff explained. \"Four dead.\" The FBI agent felt tempted to explode in the sheriff's face: Why didn't you tell me this right away, you blubbering idiot? Instead he simply asked, \"You have a lead investigator?\" \"Detective O'Conner. But he hasn't checked in today and no one's been able to reach him.\" Charles Alvirez couldn't help himself. He turned away, and smiled. This case , he concluded, is going to make my career. Fifteen minutes later, the two FBI agents, joined by four Los Alamos police officers, knocked on the door to Owen Wheeler's apartment. The mother, already drunk or well past it, introduced herself and let the men in. She gave them permission to examine Owen's room. Alvirez proceeded there at once. He discovered the sort of furnishings typical in low-income housing: beat-up dresser, ancient TV. A cheap telescope featured prominently in a corner with decent-sized windows. Alvirez went over and looked onto the courtyard below. \"Owen, Owen,\" he whispered, \"what have you been watching?\" Doug entered behind him. \"The mother keeps insisting that she hasn't seen Owen since this morning.\" \"But she smells like she was passed out,\" Alvirez observed. \"Owen could have come and gone, and her none the wiser.\" One of the officers came in. \"Agent Alvirez,\" he said, \"this is the third time I've been to this complex in the last two weeks.\" He pointed out the window to a first floor apartment on the other side of the courtyard. \"The body pulled out of Copes Pond, that's where the guy lived. And the woman bitten by that girl, she lived right next door.\" Alvirez felt overwhelmed with fragmentary data. Was there no one in the Los Alamos PD who could give him a systematic briefing concerning the events that had been going on here? Detective O'Conner could, apparently. And he was missing. One thing was certain, though. Owen Wheeler had been present at the pool where four students had been killed. Two residents in Owen Wheeler's apartment complex had also been attacked. \"I want an APB put out on Owen Wheeler,\" Alvirez informed the Los Alamos officer. \"Let's list him as a potential kidnapping victim for now, being held by suspects in the pool slayings. That ought to get his picture on the 11 o'clock news. Make it happen.\" The officer pulled out his radio. Alvirez returned to examining the room, being careful not to touch anything. Space theme wallpaper and mobile. Clothes all seemed present in the closet. No backpack. No schoolbooks. A piece of notebook paper with Morse code symbols. A candy wrapper with a Shakespeare quote: \"I must be gone and live, or stay and die.\" A heart was drawn under the quote. It contained the names Abby and Owen. It did not look like a boy's handwriting. \"Let's designate this whole apartment a crime scene,\" Alvirez announced. \"Get some investigators in here ASAP.\" He returned to the living room, asked Mrs. Wheeler a simple question: \"Does Owen have a girlfriend?\" Mrs. Wheeler never got a chance to answer. Another officer burst in from the hallway. \"There's sign of forced entry in the adjacent apartment,\" he informed them. Alvirez and his partner ran next door. The entryway appeared to have been kicked in. The agents entered, guns drawn, with the Los Alamos police close behind. They turned on the lights, discovered a disheveled dwelling containing a few mattresses, dirty dishes, and little else. Walking deeper into the apartment, Alvirez looked down and stopped: a small, bloody footprint was clearly evident on the floor. \"Looks like we're calling this a crime scene, too,\" Alvirez said. Two hours later Alvirez could move freely about the residence registered to one Richard Zimmerman of Champagne, Illinois. The blood pattern on the bathroom door stood out as the apartment's defining feature, of course. There were bloody drag marks on the floor as well. Someone's life had ended badly at the end of this hallway. \"We've found Detective O'Conner's car in the parking lot,\" an officer finally informed Agent Alvirez. One less detective , Alvirez thought. The (probably) deceased man had kept good notes, though. O'Conner's file had been brought to Alvirez from the Los Alamos police station. It made clear O'Conner had been working on an assumption of two suspects: a father-daughter team. The father had been accounted for. The daughter had not. \"I think he came in overconfident,\" Doug offered. \"His main suspect died at the hospital, right? Now he's just looking for a little girl. It would be easy for her to surprise him if she's as vicious as Larry Summers says. Plus O'Conner would be hesitant to use deadly force on a minor. That might have given her all the advantage she needed.\" Alvirez considered the blood on the bathroom door. It looked like arterial spatter. He supposed that made sense given what they knew about two of the other victims: they'd been bitten in the neck. Yet strangely, what struck Alvirez as most significant was Summers' testimony that the girl had attacked his wife Virginia by jumping from a pine tree. Alvirez had gone out into the courtyard and studied the tree. There was no obvious way to climb it. And if the girl could get all the way up that pine, she could easily have gotten onto the roof of the Los Alamos Middle School swimming pool. Two persons of interest: Owen and the girl next door. Alvirez could guess that the children had linked up, but he had no proof. What he needed was something definite, something that made it clear these two kids were connected. A crime scene investigator walked up to him carrying a freezer-size zip-loc bag. The bag contained a single piece of parchment paper. Written on the paper was the following message: Hi Owen. Good morning I am in the bathroom. Please do not come in. Want to hang out with me again tonight? I really like you. Love Abby Abby, darling, Alvirez thought. I've got you. Twenty hours later Alvirez convened the first meeting of the FBI's new Los Alamos Task Force. They gathered in the local police station, Alvirez and his partner, plus seven additional agents and twenty local officers. These included four detectives and the sheriff. Alvirez had not slept during the night, but he didn't feel tired. He had been too busy interviewing witnesses and assembling a timeline of recent events. Detective O'Conner had kept really good notes. That helped a lot. And the one eyewitness to an actual attack, the man from Owen Wheeler's complex named Larry Summers, had proved invaluable. The agent wished he were taller than 5'8\", but there was nothing he could do about it. He drew himself up as best he could and called the meeting to order. \"I understand most of you knew Detective Sean O'Conner,\" he began. \"From what you tell me, he was an outstanding officer, and he died in the line of duty. But we need to focus on the case he left behind, catch these people before more lives are lost. The time to mourn Detective O'Conner will come in its proper season.\" Alvirez directed his audience's attention to the chalkboard that he had spent the day filling in. \"Some of this is guesswork,\" he acknowledged, \"so we'll make corrections as our information improves. And I'm willing to be corrected as we go if you see something wrong. A lot of this is based on Detective O'Conner's work over the last two-and-a-half weeks. It really seems like he was on top of this case.\" And then he got himself killed by a twelve-year-old , Alvirez didn't bother adding out loud. Thursday, February 17 Abby and her father rent apartment \"John Doe, a white male in his mid-fifties, uses a stolen Illinois driver's license to check into unit 302 of the Desert Meadows Apartment Complex. This is a police sketch stemming from possible previous crimes in Indiana, Illinois, and Oklahoma. The apartment manager ID'd this guy as our John Doe, as did Larry Summers. The identification is uncertain because after being captured the John Doe doused his face with acid. The suspect seems to have had a daughter named Abby, approximately twelve years old, with long blonde hair and a penchant for going barefoot in the snow. We've found the John Doe's fingerprints all over the apartment, as well as the prints of a child we're assuming is Abby. Living in unit 304, directly adjacent to Abby and her dad, is a twelve-year-old boy named Owen Wheeler.\" Tuesday, February 22 Scott Wilson killed, probably by Abby's father \"The victim, a 19-year-old white male, was last seen alive shopping for groceries at Martin Brothers. Three hours later his dead body was discovered in woods west of town. His neck was punctured with a blade and his body drained of blood. Ligature marks on his ankles indicate he may have been hanged upside down to facilitate the draining process. The victim's blood was found spilled on the snow near his body. We have strong reason to believe our John Doe is the perpetrator given his possible prior history of offenses, as well as the gym bag of implements eventually found in his possession.\" Wednesday, February 23 (?) Jack Browning killed \"The date of death is uncertain for this victim, a 30-year-old white male whose body was discovered in Copes Pond on March 4. Mr. Browning was a resident of Desert Meadows Apartment Complex, which you'll recall is where our John Doe and his daughter had just moved in. The victim was found wearing a jogging suit, and witnesses say he normally jogged at night. This combined with the fact that Mr. Browning did not show up for work on Thursday, February 24 makes us assume he was killed the evening of February 23. We have been unable to locate where the murder took place. Like Scott Wilson, Jack Browning's body was completely drained of blood. But instead of a knife wound in the neck, this victim was bitten. The bite marks are human. The victim's neck was also broken.\" Friday, February 25 (?) Abby and Owen have met by this date \"We know very little about the relationship between Owen Wheeler and Abby. Abby does not seem to have attended school. Owen's mother did not even know that a girl had moved in next door, much less that her son had become friends with her. But we found two handwritten copies of Morse code, one in Owen's room and one in Abby's apartment in the room adjacent to Owen's bedroom. It is possible the two children communicated through the wall. We went to the school library and found that on February 25, Owen Wheeler checked out a book that teaches Morse code. So it seems likely the two children have met by this date.\" Thursday, March 3 Abby's father kills Joshua Hendrickson, then himself \"Our John Doe gets into the back of a car being driven by one James Strong. Mr. Strong picks up a friend, Joshua Hendrickson, and proceeds to a gas station. Mr. Strong gets out of the car at the gas station. It seems John Doe then fought with Mr. Hendrickson, gained control of the vehicle, and attempted to drive away. The vehicle is struck by a truck, killing Mr. Hendrickson and sending the car into a ditch. John Doe, trapped in the damaged vehicle, pours acid on his face before police arrive on the scene. Investigators find a gym bag believed to belong to the suspect. Among its contents are a folding knife, nylon ropes, a pulley system, a plastic jug, and a large funnel. These items may have been used in the February 22 murder of Scott Wilson. Detective O'Conner attempts to question John Doe in the hospital. During the visit, a girl we are assuming is Abby enters the hospital and inquires at the front desk about her father. Key details of the nurse's description: 12 years old, long blonde hair, bare feet. The girl exits the hospital before Detective O'Conner can go to the lobby and question her. While O'Conner is on the phone at the nurse's station, John Doe leaps to his death from the window of his 10th story hospital room. He leaves behind this note written on the detective's pad: \"I'm sory Abby.\" Friday, March 4 Abby attacks Virginia Summers \"This attack is critical because it's the only one we have a witness for. On Friday evening Larry Summers and his wife, Virginia, both residents of the Desert Meadows complex, are walking through the courtyard outside their apartment. A girl we are assuming is Abby jumps onto Virginia from a tall pine tree, bites her neck, and flees after being wrestled by Mr. Summers. Key details of Mr. Summer's description: about 12 years old, long blonde hair, bare feet. He also describes Abby as feral, like a wild animal. This contradicts the nurse's testimony. She described Abby as quiet and quite fragile looking. But the approximate age, long blonde hair, and bare feet all match up.\" Saturday, March 5 Virginia Summers and Patricia Willis killed in hospital fire \"On Saturday morning Detective O'Conner visits Virginia Summers' hospital room and begins questioning Larry Summers in the hallway. A nurse named Patricia Willis enters the room. The room suddenly bursts into flames, killing Virginia Summers and the nurse. Detective O'Conner was a direct witness to these events. The cause of the fire is under investigation, but obviously the circumstances must be labeled as suspicious. Larry and Virginia Summers were the only surviving witnesses to an attack. What seems like an attempt on their lives is made the very next day. Mr. Summers survives because Detective O'Conner had pulled him out of the hospital room. Mr. Summers is now under police protection.\" Sunday, March 6 Detective Sean O'Conner killed in Abby's apartment \"Detective O'Conner drives to the Desert Meadows apartments. For unknown reasons he engages in a forced entry of Abby's apartment. He appears to have been killed in the bathroom at the end of the apartment hallway. His neck was bitten, and his body drained of blood. The bite marks are human. In addition to being bitten and exsanguinated, the detective's neck was broken. There are two sets of footprints in the blood at the crime scene: one a girl's bare feet, which we are assuming is Abby, another made by a boy's shoes, which we are assuming is Owen Wheeler. Critically, a fingerprint of Owen's in the victim's blood has been found on the bathroom doorknob. This print clearly places Owen Wheeler in Abby's apartment during or shortly after the murder of Detective O'Conner. Monday, March 7 Four boys killed in Los Alamos Middle School swimming pool \"Yesterday evening, Jack Dollard, Kenneth Dollard, Mark Williams, and Donald Brick, four students with a history of prior conflict with Owen Wheeler, set fire to a dumpster outside the Los Alamos Middle School swimming facility. When the gym teacher goes to investigate, the four boys lock him outside. The boys proceed to the pool, where they order all the children present to exit the facility. Owen Wheeler was one of the children present. The gym teacher circled the building and reentered, called 911, and went to the pool, where he discovered the dismembered remains of Jack, Kenneth, Mark, and Donald. There was no sign of Owen Wheeler. Owen is the only child present in the swimming pool that remains unaccounted for.\" Monday, March 7 – Tuesday, March 8 Beginning of investigation \"Additional indications of a connection between Abby and Owen. This note was found in Owen's room. It says, 'I must be gone and live, or stay and die.' It's a quote from Romeo and Juliet, which Owen was studying in class. But the note is not written in Owen's handwriting. Under the quote a heart is drawn, with the names Abby and Owen inside. And in Abby's apartment this note was found: Hi Owen. Good morning I am in the bathroom. Please do not come in. Want to hang out with me again tonight? I really like you. Love Abby \"A white blood-soaked dress belonging to Mrs. Wheeler was found in Abby's apartment. Abby's fingerprints have been discovered in the bathroom in Owen's apartment. Bloodstains have been found on two of Owen's sweaters in the Wheeler's laundry. Abby and Owen's fingerprints have both been found on the jungle gym in the apartment courtyard. Both children's prints are present in the basement room where Detective O'Conner's body was discovered this morning. Bare human footprints were found in the snow on the roof of the Los Alamos Middle School, adjacent to the window that was clearly broken from the outside . The footprints are the same size as the ones leading away from the attack on Virginia Summers. So this may place Abby at the scene of the pool deaths as well.\" Agent Alvirez paused for a moment to let his audience digest the information he had fed them. He watched them study the order of events on the board, weigh whether or not the sequence made sense. Too many guesses, Alvirez realized. Too many unanswered questions. But the massacre in the pool had happened only 23 hours ago. He figured their progress was good in most respects, given how long they had actually been working the problem. There was one glaring weakness, however. \"Detective O'Conner,\" Alvirez continued, \"was working on the assumption that John Doe and Abby were involved in some kind of cult. We're going to avoid using that word, as it implies motive. But the detective was asking the critical question: Who else is involved besides Abby and Owen? There are good reasons to conclude that there are other suspects, people who for lack of a better phrase we will call 'Abby's Gang.' \"The most obvious reason is the condition of the four dead boys at the swimming pool. The bodies are torn to pieces. No evidence of gunfire or explosives. I was thinking swords, but the coroner says no. Something ripped those kids apart, and we have no idea what. I reckon we can conclude one thing, though. Even if Abby and Owen were both present at the scene, there's simply no way two 12-year-old children could inflict that kind of damage, especially in so short a period of time. \"There is the final condition of the bodies of Jack Browning and Sean O'Conner. Both bodies were completely drained of blood. Even if we assume the worst, that Abby has been raised to feed on human blood, it can't account for the bodies being exsanguinated. A child could drink maybe two or three pints of blood at most. Where did the rest of the blood go? And how was it all removed from the bodies? The heart gives out before it can pump all of a person's blood from an arterial wound. Some sort of suction is needed to completely void the circulatory system. And both men had their necks broken. If we assume Larry Summers' description is accurate, Abby may be unusually strong for her size. But no child is going to be able to break the neck of an adult male. \"There is the hospital fire, of course, which I suspect to have been set my gang members. Finally there is the location of Detective O'Conner's body. He was killed in Abby's apartment, but found three flights down in a back storage room. It seems unlikely that Abby and Owen would have been able to move the body on their own, especially without drawing attention.\" Alvirez stopped again, this time indicating that he was finished. One of the Los Alamos detectives quickly raised his hand. \"You posit the existence of 'Abby's Gang,' but do you have any direct evidence that others are involved?\" \"No,\" Alvirez admitted, \"and that's a problem. I was really expecting Abby's apartment to produce other fingerprints, but so far all we've got are Abby, her father, and Owen.\" \"These cases in other states,\" the man continued, \"was there ever an indication that people besides Abby and her father were involved?\" Alvirez shook his head. \"I understand where you're going, but what other conclusion can we come to? There simply have to be additional adults involved. I'm guessing Owen Wheeler got mixed up with a bad crowd, the sort of crowd that made Kenny and his pals look like a bunch of Brownies. That crowd killed Owen's enemies for him. Now Owen has gone off with that gang, whether willingly or unwillingly we cannot say. Based upon his interactions with Abby, I'm guessing willingly.\" \"You don't actually know her name is Abby,\" a police officer pointed out. Doug piped in. \"That's true,\" he admitted. \"But two different witnesses saw the girl and gave similar descriptions. Then we've got the name 'Abby' written three times, once by her father and twice, it seems, by herself. It's a plausible assumption that they're the same person.\" \"Why did you declare Owen Wheeler a kidnapping victim?\" another detective asked. \"Because we need the media's help on this,\" Alvirez explained. \"There are only two people we know for certain that we're looking for: Abby and Owen. But Owen Wheeler is the only one we know much about. We've got plenty of photographs of him. We need the papers and the TV news to keep putting those pictures out there. \"Which reminds me,\" he added, \"we need to control the media leaks. We dribble out information in small packets, enough to keep the case front page every morning. That gets the Wheeler kid's picture printed day after day. I say tonight we start mentioning details about the pool killings. Tomorrow we bring up possible linkages between the eleven deaths. Save the blood drinking for Thursday. That'll definitely get us back on TV if the kid hasn't been found yet. If we have to go to Friday…\" An officer burst into the briefing room and made an announcement: \"Owen Wheeler has just been spotted in the Denver train station.\"[Chapter 2] Chapter 2: Denver Abby had kissed him twice, once on the cheek and once on the lips. Did it count if the girl kissed you? Or did you have to kiss her ? Owen thought it counted. But he wondered how it would be different if he kissed her. Would she let him kiss her? Would she keep her eyes open? Would she smile afterward? He really hoped she would smile. The sun had set half an hour ago, and Owen could see lights on the horizon through the train window. He wondered if Abby had awakened by now, but he did not knock on the trunk at his feet. He had seen Abby do something unpleasant when awakened unexpectedly. Abby had put her hand on his once. That wasn't the same as holding hands, but then Abby had actually held his hand at the end of their first date. Better yet, she had slept naked in his bed. He had even touched her stomach briefly. And she had taken his hand and placed it on her face. That had been great. But she hadn't let him look at her. He took a peak eventually, of course, when she was changing into his mom's dress. That had been great, too. But he had only seen her backside. He had walked away before she could turn around and catch him looking. What made Owen proudest wasn't the two kisses. It was the two hugs. He had hugged Abby outside the arcade, right after she had gotten sick. He had hugged her for a really long time, and she hadn't pulled away. Then he had hugged her in his apartment, when she was covered with her own blood. That one had been even better, because that time he could tell Abby was happy. But he wondered if either time Abby had hugged him in response. Owen couldn't remember for certain, and it bothered him. He wanted to hug her again, and he wanted her to hug him back. Hard enough that he could remember for certain. He wondered how he could manage a hug. They were going steady. Did that mean he could hug her whenever? Or did he need a special reason? Abby had to be awake. She didn't seem to be stirring, but Owen thought he could sense her presence more strongly now. It was a strange thing, this ability to feel when she was near. At first Owen had thought he was imagining it. But it had grown stronger over time. First through the wall, then in the courtyard, finally in the same building. What had really killed was when Abby had left. That sudden loss of her presence, that terrible absence, had ripped him apart. That was when he had known for certain that he wasn't imagining it. Owen figured it was one of Abby's powers. He ran through the list: She never got old, she didn't get cold. He reckoned she didn't get sick, either, and wondered what would happen if she got injured. Did she have special healing powers? She was super-strong, she could make her presence felt, she could bite people's heads off. She couldn't go in sunlight, but that wasn't a power. More a weakness. She could only eat blood. She had to be invited in. Owen remembered Abby entering his room without disturbing the snow on his windowsill, and wondered if her explanation was for real: I flew. Could Abby beat Spider-Man? Spider-Man had Spidey-sense, so Abby wouldn't be able to surprise him. And she could only fight him at night. Spider-Man was super-strong, but so was Abby. Spider-Man could climb walls. Never getting old didn't help you in a fight. What would Abby do if Spider-Man shot his web at her? Would she be able to get away? Owen didn't like the idea of Spider-Man beating Abby. He kept trying to think of ways she might win. He figured Abby would beat Batman, unless Batman had the Batmobile. Darth Vader would probably be too much for her. He could use the Force to hold her still and chop her in half with his lightsaber. But that didn't matter much, because Darth Vader wasn't real. Owen's stomach growled. He was so hungry. He wasn't sure why he hadn't packed any food. They had been in such a hurry to leave. This train ride had gone on all day. Owen had watched other passengers pull out food and eat it. If only he could buy something on the train. He had over $400 in his pocket, money that Abby had given him. But there were no snack bars. He wondered if Abby was hungry. This brought up the unpleasant image of the policeman's face, which Owen tried to push away. It was hard. The man stared at him, dying, while Abby drank his blood. And Owen let him die. Not just that, though. Owen distracted the policeman at the critical moment, saving Abby and giving her the element of surprise. Owen did more than watch the man die. He helped kill him. The bloody kiss made it official. \"Owen, I have to go away,\" she said, her face and body covered in the policeman's blood. Then she kissed him on the lips. Some of the blood got on him. So they traded blood at last. Their pact had been sealed. But it hadn't been Abby's blood. What a disaster that had been! He had cut his thumb in Tommy's hideout, hoping Abby would do the same. But she had transformed into a monster, licked his blood from the floor, and attacked his neighbor. Owen could not help wondering how things might have turned out differently if he hadn't cut his thumb. What had he been thinking, anyway? That was when he had discovered that Abby was a vampire. With that critical piece of information all the mysteries made sense: why Abby walked barefoot in the snow, why her windows were always covered, why she didn't go to school, why the neighbors kept dying. His girlfriend was a vampire. His girlfriend was a vampire. And she had come back for him. In an instant the awfulness of her absence, combined with the equal terror of being drowned by Kenny's brother, had been replaced by her perfect face. Owen didn't care about Kenny and the others getting killed. The policeman bothered him. But not Kenny. At the decisive moment in the locker room Owen had been unable to use his knife. He still couldn't figure out why. Abby had rescued him, though. Owen was glad. They had gotten what they deserved. Leaving his mom made him feel guilty. She would be worried about him. She would be alone. Maybe he could call her tomorrow, let her know he was OK. He could call around 4:30. That was after she got home but before she started drinking. Owen wondered if she had done the dishes in the sink. It would be easier for her to keep up, now that he was gone. The train entered a large city, which Owen figured had to be Denver. He wondered how he was going to get Abby out of the trunk. If she exited now, one of the other passengers might see her. But getting someone to carry the trunk off would attract a lot of attention. And then he'd still face the issue of getting her out without anyone noticing. Abby made the decision for him, tapping the letters O-U-T in Morse code. Owen glanced around. He was at the end of this particular car, and no one was looking back at him. He reached down quickly and unlatched the trunk. The interior revealed Abby curled up like a baby, with blankets, toys, and jewelry tucked in around her. She looked up at Owen and gave him a soft, golden smile, then sprang from the trunk with surprising quickness and closed the lid behind her. Just like that she was next to him: his girlfriend, his Abby, the person he had run away with. She snuggled up against him, took his hand, and smiled again. \"Hey,\" she said. \"Hey,\" Owen replied. He returned her grin with one of his own. Maybe this was better than a hug. He could see her face light up at seeing him. Such a remarkable transformation. The continual sadness that weighed upon Abby was pushed into the shadows, at least for the moment. And Owen was the cause. But then her expression changed. She glanced out the window as the train slowed into the station, and her grip on his hand tightened. \"Let's go,\" she urged, leaping up and plucking her trunk from its resting place. Owen got ahead of Abby in the aisle and lent her a hand, though she hardly needed the help. But it would look strange if he didn't at least pretend to assist her. They moved forward quickly and were at the door when the train finally stopped. A moment later they were through and onto the platform. Abby drove the two of the them forward despite their large burden, keeping up with the adults streaming into the station proper. Owen didn't know if she had been here before, but she acted like she knew where she was going. There were steps and concrete pillars and a long concourse. Everything seemed oversized: the people, the roof, the lights on the ceiling. They passed a pair of policemen. Owen refused to look at them, and they paid the kids no mind. They exited the station onto a side street and plopped onto a bench. Abby began to relax a bit. It was quite cold here in Denver, colder than Los Alamos, and Owen was hungry. He wanted to find some food, and wondered suddenly if Abby realized he needed to eat every day. But of course she must know that. She hadn't always been a vampire – had she? And she had lived with her \"Father.\" He had been a regular person like Owen. Upon further reflection, however, Owen realized he didn't actually know that. He had only seen Abby's dad a few times, and it had always been at night. Could he have been a vampire, too? Abby had never really discussed him, except when she had said, \"He wasn't my father.\" She had used the past tense to describe him, and Owen had noticed. Then Owen had seen the filmstrip. The father had aged and Abby hadn't. So he must not have been a vampire, after all. Owen pushed this issue aside. There were more pressing matters to think about. Like what were they going to do now? He had been on a train all day, headed to a strange city, yet he had never considered what he was going to do once he got there. He had no choice but to think about it now. Abby didn't get cold, but he did. He was wearing his oversized silver coat, his hat, and his scarf, but none of it seemed to matter. Denver was cold! A bitter wind plucked at his thin flesh, forcing Owen to conclude at last that they would need to find a place to stay. Or at least Owen would need a place. For the first time it occurred to him that he might be something of a burden to his girlfriend. \"What are we going to do?\" Owen asked, his teeth shivering. Abby produced a wan smile, so utterly unlike the look she had given him back on the train. This was the expression Abby usually wore, a face of sadness and fatigue and crushing age. \"Someone will offer us a ride,\" she finally said. \"How do you know?\" \"Trust me,\" she declared. Owen kicked his feet. He wondered what time it was. He was so hungry. He thought of warm beds and warm food. Even his mother's cooking started to seem appealing to him, and he wondered what she had made for dinner tonight. I guess I should have brought a sleeping bag, he thought. And a pillow, too. \"Hey, kids, need a lift?\" Owen opened his eyes, saw that a car had pulled up in front of them. The driver, a man that seemed to be about his dad's age, had rolled down the passenger window and was shouting into the night breeze. Abby got up and approached the car. Owen was confused. Didn't she know you weren't supposed to talk to strangers? But then he remembered this was Abby, and he wondered: does Abby eat strangers? \"Do you have a house where we can sleep over?\" Abby asked. A strange look came into the man's eyes, and Owen decided on the spot that he hated him. Abby poked her head partway through the open window. \"Do you have any dinner?\" she added. \"Sure, kids, we can get something to eat,\" the man announced. He hopped out of his vehicle quickly and lifted Abby's luggage into the trunk. Then he was ushering Owen into the back seat. Abby got in up front. The whole process happened so quickly. One moment Owen was freezing on a bench, the next he was tucked into the back of a fast-moving car that had left the train station behind in favor of the highway. Owen was warm now, but he didn't care. He didn't like the way the man kept looking at Abby. Abby only made it worse by smiling back at him. Owen didn't think there was anything genuine in that smile, but the man didn't seem to notice. They exited the highway and pulled into a MacDonald's drive-through. \"What would you like?\" the man asked. Owen stared through the window at the menu. He no longer felt hungry. \"Owen?\" Abby asked. \"Cheeseburger and fries,\" he finally replied, his voice sullen. \"What about you?\" the man asked Abby. \"I'll have the same,\" she replied. The driver paid for their food and handed it to Abby. She in turn passed the bag back to Owen. \"You can go ahead and eat,\" the driver suggested to Abby. \"I'll eat later,\" she replied. In ten minutes they pulled into a driveway belonging to a small, single-story home. \"You have to say I can come in,\" Abby suddenly piped up. \"You have to say it: you can come in.\" The driver looked puzzled, but he acceded to Abby's request: \"You can come in,\" he said. They parked in the one-car garage. The man led Abby and Owen quickly into the kitchen, where he plopped Owen down at a small dining table. His bag of MacDonald's sat in front of him, untouched. The man began pacing about the adjacent living room, clearly agitated. Owen scowled at him. \"I want to leave,\" he informed Abby. Abby put a hand on his shoulder and sighed. \"Eat your dinner, Owen,\" she said. Turning to their host, she said, \"Give me a minute.\" She left Owen at the table, walked through the living room into what Owen guessed was a bedroom, and closed the door. Owen glowered and sulked, but the man paid him no mind. Owen didn't like what Abby had said before they had entered the garage. Abby had spoken those same words to Owen on the night she had entered his bedroom. They were important. After about five minutes the man followed Abby. Owen pulled out his French-fries and began nibbling. At the fourth French-fry the screaming began. Owen stared at the bedroom door, chewed, and swallowed. By the seventh French-fry the screaming stopped. Owen kept watching the door, waiting for something else to happen. He unwrapped his cheeseburgers and ate them. It was only when the food had all been consumed that Owen began crying. He got up from the table, walked over to the bedroom door, and collapsed in tears. The image of the policeman's dying gaze thrust itself into Owen's awareness, and his weeping grew stronger. He and Abby were alone in a frozen city, he was so tired, and Abby had just killed someone else. Owen wasn't sorry the loser was dead. He was sorry about death. Sorry that so much dying filled the world. Abby came out quietly and knelt in front of Owen. She was wrapped in a bloody sheet, with the remains of her dinner still covering her face and hands. She stayed that way for several minutes, till Owen's crying had reduced to random sobs. The look on her face was pure Abby: old and distant and unbearably sad, combined with a beauty and tenderness that broke Owen's heart. \"I do it because I have to,\" Abby whispered. \"To survive.\" Then she reached a blood-soaked hand toward Owen and gently grasped his chin. \"Owen, be me a little. Just for a little while, be me.\" Owen's vision changed, and he was no longer where he was. A gaunt, hooded figure approached Abby's sleeping form. The man shook her awake, threw her onto her stomach, and began doing something horrible. Abby screamed, Abby fought, Abby tried to get away. The man was too strong. Abby clawed at the sheet in futility, her cries of pain ripping the night. Then a fresh agony tore into the child, and as she screamed Owen screamed with her: the monster had bitten her shoulder. Owen jerked away, and now he was back on the floor with Abby, rubbing his shoulder where the teeth had torn flesh. Except he hadn't been bitten. It was Abby who had been bitten, so very long ago. And Owen had felt it happen. He studied Abby's face in horror, but she couldn't see him. Her vision was cast into another life, another age. Such a vacant, empty gaze, one Owen thought could crush time itself. It was more than gloom and sorrow and weariness. It was despair. Owen did the only thing he knew: he hugged Abby. He grabbed her with all his might. And when Abby failed to return his embrace, Owen realized why. The reason she didn't hug him back was because she wasn't really present. She wasn't in the now . Her thoughts and feelings lay in the distant past, swallowed by a chasm of charnel centuries deeper than the one Luke and Leia had swung across. At the deepest part of her heart, in the very core of her being where things mattered most, Abby was a wasteland. Thus it happened, while crumpled on the floor of a strange house in Denver, that Owen Wheeler discovered the meaning of a word that had always puzzled him: the word \"undead.\" A half hour later Abby emerged from the bathroom freshly showered. She wore the same hooded sweatshirt and miniskirt she had been wearing before. The clothes were unstained, an unpleasant observation Owen tried hard to push away. \"There are still over seven hours until sunrise,\" Abby began. \"And there's lots to do. We need to search the house for everything we might want to take. His wallet, certainly. Any loose cash. Jewelry, handguns, ammunition, other valuables. Anything small that we can sell later.\" Owen stared at Abby blankly, uncertain why she was saying they should steal. \"We need money,\" Abby explained. \"With enough cash we can take taxis and stay in motels. This is important because we need to keep moving, and we need shelter.\" Owen looked down at this, and Abby clarified. \"We both need shelter,\" she emphasized. \"You need warmth and I need shade. It's a matter of survival. So you need to search this house. And you need to search it well.\" \"What about you?\" Owen asked. Abby walked over to the living room curtains and glanced outside. \"I get urges sometimes. Urges to do certain things. I can't really explain it. Right now I'm feeling the need to set up a hiding place. I'm going to head into the mountains and find a cave. I'll be back before dawn.\" Owen watched as Abby carried her trunk in from the garage and plopped it onto the kitchen floor. \"I need most of the cash I gave you,\" she said. \"Keep a hundred dollars.\" Abby stashed the money in the trunk, burying it under the blankets. Then she made a quick sweep of the house, found a sleeping bag and a small tent. She piled these in as well. Finally she began throwing in canned food, and followed this up with a pocketknife and a box of matches. She squeezed the lid shut and fixed her gaze on Owen. \"It's not enough given the weather, but it's a start. Give me a week and I can build a camp that will keep you in a pinch. If we have to flee to the mountains.\" Owen pondered this thought uneasily. He had never gone camping before. \"How are you going to get there and back in time?\" Owen asked. \"Watch,\" Abby said. She hauled the trunk into the back yard and glanced up. Then she pecked Owen on the cheek, turned away from him, pulled off her sweatshirt, and wrapped it around her waist. Two wings extended quickly from her shoulder blades. She bent over, picked up the trunk, and flew into the night. As Owen watched her disappear, he comforted himself with a new conviction: Abby would kick Spider-Man's butt. Owen awoke on the living room couch. By the sunlight filtering through the closed curtains he guessed it was late afternoon. He found a note on the coffee table: Hi Owen! I'm in the bathroom. Please do not come in. Tonight we have to move to a new place. I'm so glad you came with me. Love Abby Owen glanced at the bedroom door. How could Abby sleep in there, with the guy's dead body so close? Owen had covered the corpse while searching the room, so at least they didn't have to look at it. But he certainly wouldn't want to sleep near it. He wandered into the kitchen and began to scrounge for food. He couldn't find any candy, so he settled for milk and Cheerios. Breakfast in the afternoon. He wondered if this was going to become normal. Glancing at the clock on the oven, Owen noticed it was almost five. Now would probably be a good time to call his mother. He finished his cereal, lifted the phone off its wall receiver, and dialed home. \"Hello?\" his mother's voice answered after the fourth ring. \"Hi, Mom,\" Owen replied. \"It's me, Owen.\" \"Owen!\" his mother cried. \"I'm so glad to hear your voice. Are you alright?\" \"I'm fine, Mom. That's why I called. I wanted you to know I was OK.\" \"And Abby, sweetheart? Is Abby OK, too?\" This question confused Owen. \"How do you know about Abby?\" he asked. \"Mothers have eyes on the back of their heads,\" she replied. \"Abby's the pretty girl who moved in next door to us.\" \"You saw her?\" \"I saw you both in the courtyard, dear. But I didn't want to say anything. I figured you'd tell me about her when you were ready. Is she nice?\" \"She's great,\" Owen answered, still confused. He hadn't expected to be talking to his mom about Abby. \"Listen, I understand if you don't want to come home right now. Things have been really hard, and I haven't been a good mother. But I promise to be a better parent to you, Owen. I want you to know that. I promise to be better.\" Owen felt torn by this. He wanted to comfort his mom, tell her that she had done OK. But the truth was she hadn't, and he didn't feel like lying. \"If you're going to stay away from home awhile,\" his mother continued, \"there's a few things that might be helpful to know. When you need toothpaste and soap and stuff like that, K-Mart is a cheap place to get them. But you can always get them at a grocery store or a drug store, too. If you need clothes, you can go to Sears. They have good selections in your size. And when you need to wash your clothes, you'll need to get quarters to use at the laundromat. You can get the detergent at K-Mart, too. Hot water for white clothes, cold water for dark clothes. That's important, Owen. Remember to keep whites and darks separate.\" \"Uh, sure, Mom,\" Owen said, more puzzled than ever. This was so not the conversation he had planned on having. \"Listen to me, Owen,\" his mother added, her tone finally becoming desperate. \"You're not in trouble, do you understand me? You're not in trouble. You can come home anytime. You're always welcome to come home, do you understand?\" \"I'm not going back,\" Owen replied. \"We have our own life, now.\" \"I'm so sorry about the drinking,\" his mother interjected, and this caught Owen cold. She had never been willing to discuss her drinking. \"I'm going to stop, do you hear me? I've already stopped. I'll never drink again. Just come home, baby. Please come home.\" \"Goodbye, Mom,\" Owen said, but then another voice came over the line. \"Hey, buddy, it's good to hear from you.\" \"Dad?\" Owen asked. \"You're home?\" \"Of course I am. We're worried about you. Listen, I wanted to talk to you about the question you asked me the other night. You asked me if there's such a thing as evil. That's a really good question, Owen, and I've been thinking about it since you asked me. I think there is such a thing as evil in the world, Owen. I really do. But you're not evil. Do you understand me? You're not evil.\" \"I closed the door, Dad,\" Owen replied. \"I closed the door.\" He shut his eyes tight and hung up the phone. Abby stirred from her sleep as soon as the sun went down. She came into the kitchen and put a hand on Owen's shoulder. \"Hey,\" she said. \"Hey,\" Owen replied. He'd been in a really bad mood since the conversation with his parents, but Abby cheered him up. He showed her the small pile of loot he had gathered from the house. \"What do you think?\" he asked. \"This is good,\" she replied. \"It should all fit in your…\" Abby stopped and shifted her attention to the front door. Then she grabbed Owen's hand and yanked him after her into the bedroom. She locked the door, ran to the window, and prepared to open it. Owen could not help but glance at the pile of blankets on the bed. A dead body lay under there. Abby ignored it. A crashing sound shattered the quiet. \"Police!\" several voices yelled. Abby yanked the window up, placed her right hand on Owen's cheek. \"I will find you, Owen,\" she promised. \"You have to believe me. I will find you.\" Then the bedroom door burst open, and Abby was gone.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3: Interrogation Charles Alvirez stooped over Abby's latest victim, pondering the bite pattern on the dead man's neck. \"If only she'd restrict herself to scum like this,\" Doug said, \"we could put her on the godda- payroll.\" One less pedophi-, Alvirez agreed as he stood back up. He led his partner into the victim's kitchen, where they considered the assortment of valuables that the perpetrators seemed to have collected. \"They were getting ready to leave,\" Alvirez decided. \"They sure weren't in a hurry, though,\" Doug replied. \"Their train gets to Denver at 7:10 last night. Assume the creep picks them up in front of the station and brings them here. Based on the estimated time of death, Abby kills him soon after they arrive. But then get this: after committing murder, it seems the two kids stay overnight at the murder scene . Then Owen makes a ten minute phone call from the murder scene . And after making his call, what does he do? He stays at the murder scene .\" Alvirez picked up a clear plastic bag containing Abby's latest note to Owen. Doug glanced at the paper and shook his head. \"They're idiots,\" he concluded. \"They're twelve,\" Alvirez replied. And that was the rub of the matter. They weren't acting like they were part of a larger gang. They were acting like runaways. If adults besides Abby's father were involved, they were sure keeping the kids on a long leash. Not that Alvirez felt sorry for the dead man in the other room. It was simply that if he had treated Abby and Owen as runaways from the start, he would have had police ready to examine every train and bus that had departed Los Alamos. Granted, they had caught up to Owen. But Abby had gotten away. And Abby was the prize. For a moment Alvirez worried that he might lose the case. Abby's father had been the lead suspect in the Oklahoma reservation killings, but he was dead. If Owen could not be labeled a kidnapping victim, and if there was no gang helping Abby – i.e., no interstate criminal enterprise – the FBI could decide Abby was not a federal concern. Alvirez wouldn't let that happen. He considered the arguments he would use with the U.S. attorney: Children had traveled across state lines to avoid apprehension for the murder of a police officer. They had killed again after arriving in another state. Crimes had also been committed against children. And Alvirez could always fudge things a bit and say that Detective O'Conner had been assisting the FBI in its pursuit of the reservation suspect. That would make O'Conner's murder a federal matter, too. No, Alvirez would keep the case. He would keep the case, and he would hunt Abby down, and he would lock her away for the rest of her natural life. \"I don't think we can get a murder conviction out of this one,\" Doug interjected. \"Man with a history of sexual offenses takes a 12-year-old girl into his bedroom. She can always claim self-defense. No jury's going to feel sorry for the bastard.\" Alvirez nodded agreement, but he didn't care. What difference did it make whether they got Abby for ten murders or five? What mattered was that they got her. \"The ticket master on the train says Owen was travelling alone,\" Alvirez said. \"But he had a large trunk in his possession. Patrol officers say they saw Abby and Owen carrying the trunk through the train station. So where's the trunk?\" \"With Abby?\" Doug suggested. With Abby, Alvirez mused. The Denver police had captured Owen easily enough, but Abby had not been present at the scene. Where had she gone, and when? \"We plaster the Denver TV stations with Abby's sketch,\" Alvirez announced. \"Let's use the one with her in the hooded sweatshirt and miniskirt, feet bare. 12-year-old girl without shoes, walking the winter streets alone at night. Someone's gonna spot her.\" Alvirez decided he'd seen enough. It was time to go set up shop in the Denver federal building. They had an important task to prepare for: the breaking of Owen Wheeler. \"Jesus Christ, what a f-ing marshmallow.\" Alvirez' partner made this observation as the two of them got their first look at Owen Wheeler through the interrogation room's one-way window. Everything about Owen's physical demeanor screamed bully magnet. There was his small size, of course: the jail overalls looked like drapes on his slight frame. More important was his shyness, his androgynous face, the way he seemed to sink into his chair and disappear. No way a jury would believe this kid was a mass-murderer. Alvirez and Jenkins entered the interrogation room less than fourteen hours after Owen's arrest. Alvirez would have preferred to isolate Owen for a longer period of time, but it was more important to try and squeeze a confession out of the kid before his mother showed up and got him a lawyer. Besides, given Owen's age, the experience of being arrested combined with the night in jail was probably enough to completely disorient the child. He would be easy prey. Owen sat in a rickety plastic chair, his back to the door. A more comfortable chair was positioned opposite Owen, and to this seat Alvirez immediately proceeded. Doug took a third seat that sat behind a table on Owen's left. Doug placed a thick file on the table, making sure the boy could see it. The outside of the file said \"Owen Wheeler\" in large block letters. \"Hello, Owen,\" Alvirez began, extending his hand and holding it there until Owen shook it. \"I'm Agent Alvirez. I have some questions I'd like to ask you, if that's alright.\" He grabbed the file from the table, opened it, and asked, \"Would you please state your full name?\" The boy glanced at Doug, then returned his attention to Alvirez. \"Owen Chase Wheeler,\" he mumbled. \"Good,\" Alvirez replied. \"And your birthday?\" \"June 12,\" Owen said. \"What year?\" \"1970.\" \"That makes you twelve, right?\" \"Yeah,\" Owen answered. He gave Alvirez' partner another quick look. Doug kept staring at the boy, saying nothing. \"And you're in 7th Grade, yes?\" \"Yeah.\" \"What school do you go to?\" \"Los Alamos.\" \"What's your favorite class?\" Owen shrugged. \"How about your favorite movie?\" The boy paused for a moment. \"Star Wars, I guess,\" he finally muttered. \"I love Star Wars,\" Alvirez informed Owen. \"I love when Han Solo chases the storm troopers in the Death Star. It's just him and Chewbacca, but once he starts yelling, all those storm troopers just turn around and run away. You have a favorite part, Owen?\" Owen sat there silent. Alvirez said nothing, waiting for the kid to respond. \"I don't know,\" he finally said. \"Well, let me ask this,\" the agent continued. \"You know there's no air in space. That means there's no sound. Does it annoy you that in Star Wars you can hear the spaceships fly and shoot their lasers and blow up?\" Owen just shrugged. \"What about the argument between Han and Luke about which weapon is better, a blaster or a lightsaber. Which do you think is better?\" The boy sulked. Once again Alvirez remained silent until Owen spoke up: \"I guess it depends on whether or not you're a Jedi.\" \"What about the kiss between Han and Leia? Did you like it when they kissed?\" Owen didn't say anything. But he didn't shrug, either. \"How about Luke leaving Yoda to go rescue Han and Leia. Do you think he should have gone, even though he knew it was a trap?\" \"I think Yoda should have gone with him,\" Owen suggested. \"You know, that's a really good idea,\" Alvirez declared, leaning forward and giving Owen a firm pat on the shoulder. \"The two of them together could have whipped Darth Vader for sure. I'm wondering how Luke's going to get a new lightsaber for the next movie. I wonder where Jedi get their lightsabers anyway. I saw a plastic lightsaber at Toys 'R Us, but it was crap.\" \"I had one of those,\" Owen commented. \"It broke.\" \"If only they could make a real lightsaber. It would be so cool.\" \"Yeah.\" \"I'd like to ask you a few simple memory questions, if that's OK, Owen. Can you tell me a book you are studying in English class?\" \"Romeo and Juliet,\" Owen said after a moderate delay. \"And dinner a couple of nights ago. What did you have for dinner?\" At this Owen hung his head. Alvirez waited. \"McDonald's,\" the boy eventually murmured. \"Good, good,\" the agent affirmed. \"And a present you got for your last birthday. I know it was a while ago. Just try to remember anything.\" \"Boba Fett,\" Owen replied. \"Excellent,\" Alvirez concluded. He had Owen Wheeler's body language figured out. When remembering facts, Owen looked to the left. When thinking up an answer from scratch, Owen's eyes moved to the right. \"I'd like you to keep remembering things for me,\" Alvirez said. \"But this time, I'd like you to remember things about Abby's father. We're really very interested in him. We think he might be guilty of attacking some people back in Los Alamos. He might even have killed some people. Do you think you can try and remember Abby's father? It would really help us out.\" \"Uh, sure,\" Owen said, his face demonstrating obvious puzzlement. \"That's great, Owen. Think back, please, to the first time you saw Abby's father. Do you remember where you were?\" \"I was in my room.\" \"Excellent. It's good that you can remember that. And when you saw her dad, where was he?\" \"In the courtyard.\" \"So you were seeing him through your bedroom window?\" \"Yeah.\" \"It was nighttime, right?\" \"Yeah.\" \"Do you remember what he was doing?\" \"They were moving in.\" \"How do you know they were moving in?\" \"He was carrying Abby's trunk from the truck. Then he unlocked the door and let her in.\" \"Can you describe her dad for me?\" \"Old,\" Owen said. \"He wears glasses.\" \"Good. That's very helpful. Can you remember anything else about him?\" Owen considered for a moment. \"He looked at me funny.\" \"That's important, Owen. Can you remember where you were when he looked at you funny?\" \"In the courtyard. On the jungle gym.\" \"And where was he?\" \"He was standing in the door at the bottom of the stairs.\" \"Did he say anything to you?\" \"No.\" \"Did you ever hear him say anything?\" Owen looked down at his hands. \"It's OK, Owen. You can tell me.\" Alvirez placed his hand on Owen's shoulder. \"He yelled at her,\" Owen finally admitted. \"I heard him through the wall.\" \"What did he yell?\" \"He called her…he called her a f-ing bitch. He said it really loud.\" \"Did you hear him say anything else?\" \"No.\" Alvirez could tell this was a lie, the first direct lie Owen had spoken. \"What did Abby say about him?\" Alvirez asked. Owen started squirming in his seat. \"Did she say what happened to her dad?\" \"No.\" \"Did you ask?\" \"No.\" Alvirez didn't like this. He wanted Owen saying \"yes,\" not \"no.\" \"So her dad was an old guy, right?\" \"Yeah,\" Owen replied. \"And he looked at you funny?\" \"Yeah.\" \"And he yelled at Abby.\" \"Yeah.\" The agent nodded and pursed his lips. \"Now I'd like to talk about Abby for a few minutes, if that's alright. I hear she's really pretty. You're sure lucky to have such a pretty girlfriend. I wish I'd had a girlfriend when I was your age. She is your girlfriend, right?\" \"Yeah.\" \"Is she a good kisser?\" Owen smiled and looked down. Alvirez could tell he was blushing. Good grief , the agent thought. This kid is too easy. \"I'm going to ask you to remember again,\" Alvirez continued. \"Think back to a time you and Abby were sitting on the jungle gym. Can you remember something you talked about?\" Owen considered this for a moment. \"She liked my Rubik's Cube,\" he said. \"Do you remember what she said?\" \"She asked how to do it.\" \"Did you tell her?\" \"I didn't tell her how to solve it. I don't know how. But she figured it out.\" \"She solved a Rubik's Cube.\" \"Yeah,\" Owen said, smiling once again. \"Owen – a girlfriend who's pretty and smart. Not too many of those out there. You must really like her.\" \"Yeah.\" \"You're really glad she moved in, aren't you?\" \"Yeah.\" \"And she's a good kisser.\" Owen smiled. \"Yeah.\" \"Now I need you to do something for me, Owen,\" Alvirez said, glancing at his partner. Doug pulled out a plastic bag containing the note found in Owen's bedroom. He placed it on the table directly next to Owen's left shoulder. \"We found this note written on a Now and Later candy wrapper. It doesn't look like your handwriting. Did Abby write this note?\" The boy looked openly confused at encountering this small piece of paper. Alvirez imagined the wheels turning in the Wheeler kid's mind: Who had gone into his bedroom? How had the note made it all the way from New Mexico to Denver? Owen touched the plastic bag, glanced up at Alvirez, returned his attention to the note. \"Did Abby write this note?\" Alvirez pressed. Owen began shifting and rubbing his arms. He looked left and right. No way out, kid, the agent thought. Alvirez scooted his chair closer to the boy, invading his personal space. \"The note says 'Abby' and 'Owen.' Your names are written inside a heart. That looks like a love note to me, Owen. Something your girlfriend wrote to you. You like Abby, don't you? You say she's a good kisser. Aren't you glad she wrote you this note?\" \"Yeah,\" Owen said at last. \"Good,\" Alvirez declared. \"Very good. I want you to remember again, now, Owen. Remember where you were when Abby gave you this note. Can you do that for me? Where were you when she gave it to you?\" Alvirez pressed closer yet, and waited. \"I found it in my bedroom.\" \"Abby was in your bedroom?\" \"She…\" Owen averted his gaze again and blushed. \"She slept over.\" \"You had a sleepover,\" Alvirez commented, marveling at the cluelessness of Mrs. Wheeler. The girl next door had slept over in her son's bedroom – and the mom didn't even know there was a next door girl! \"It really is nice to have a girlfriend, isn't it?\" \"Yeah,\" Owen said. Alvirez nodded and stood up, withdrawing from Owen's space. \"That's real good, Owen. You're doing really well. Let's take a break for a few minutes, OK? Why don't you go to the bathroom. And I'll get you a soda. You like Coke?\" \"Yeah, sure.\" An officer led Owen from the room. \"Marshmallow,\" Doug said. By the time Owen returned, Alvirez had an unopened soda sitting on the table beside him. He did not offer it to the boy. Instead he had Owen sit back down. Then he opened the file in his hand and began producing large color photographs of dead people, placing them on the table next to Owen. \"Scott Wilson,\" Alvirez commenced, \"killed by Abby's father on February 22. Jack Browning, killed by Abby on February 23. Joshua Hendrickson, killed by Abby's father on March 3. Virginia Summers, attacked by Abby on March 5, died the next day. Detective Sean O'Conner, killed by you and Abby on March 6. Mark Williams, Donald Brick, Kenny Dollard, and Jack Dollard, killed by you and Abby on March 7. Dillon Kershaw, killed by you and Abby on March 8. That's just two days ago, Owen. You and your girlfriend have been busy.\" This sudden confrontation had the desired effect. Owen Wheeler stared at the photographs in complete shock, his jaw hanging open. The pictures revealed the face and neck of each victim, one photo showing a knife wound, four showing bite marks, the rest displaying a variety of other life-ending traumas. Alvirez studied Owen carefully to see how he responded to each photograph. The kid had no reaction at all to the murders by Abby's father. The pictures of the four dead boys seemed to draw his eyes. Most interestingly, there were two photos Owen refused to even glance at: Virginia Summers and Detective O'Conner. Alvirez understood the latter, but the unwillingness to look at Virginia Summers puzzled him. In his reconstruction Owen didn't play a part in that attack. Doug produced a tape recorder and hit play. Alvirez hovered over Owen, watching his every gesture as they listened to yesterday's phone conversation with his parents. Owen's eyes got big as he heard himself admit, \"I shut the door.\" Then Alvirez began pulling out additional evidence. \"The message from Abby to you, showing you were in Abby's apartment the morning Detective O'Conner was killed.\" Alvirez held the zip-loc bag containing the note before Owen, giving him a chance to read it. \"Detective O'Conner's blood on the bathroom door, Owen,\" Alvirez added, revealing another photo and slamming it on the table. \"Your bloody footprints on the hallway floor,\" he added, smacking an additional picture down before the boy. \"The doorknob,\" he concluded, shoving the image in Owen's face, \"with your fingerprint in Detective O'Conner's blood. Your fingerprint, Owen. It's on the doorknob. It's in this man's blood,\" he pronounced, grabbing O'Conner's picture and holding it next to the photo of the doorknob. Alvirez set the pictures on the table, then placed his hands on both of Owen's shoulders. \"You're in a lot of trouble, Owen. But things could go a lot easier for you if you come clean and tell me the truth. How about it, Owen? You know what happened to these people. You'll feel better once you tell me. Isn't that right?\" he added to his partner. \"That's right,\" Doug intoned. \"If he tells you what happened, he'll feel a lot better.\" \"Tell me what happened, Owen,\" Alvirez pressed, \"and everything will be OK.\" Alvirez squeezed Owen, his face mere inches from the suspect's slumped head. He waited for the kid to say something, anything – but the boy stayed mute. The agent frowned, but he didn't falter. He took a step back and began lecturing. \"Here's what I think happened,\" he said, and he picked up the photos of the four dead boys. \"These losers were bullies. They picked on you, they hurt you, no one helped. Your teachers didn't protect you, your parents ignored you. You were on your own. Finally you realized you had to fight back. Kenny and Donald and Mark threatened you on Copes Pond, and you did it, Owen. You fought back. \"It's what I would have done, Owen. Real men fight back against bullies, and you and I, Owen, we're real men. I'm glad you fought back. Kenny deserved it. He deserved getting smacked upside the head. And no one was sorry for him, Owen. They were glad you hit him. They thought you were a real man. So do I. \"But Kenny held a grudge. He came looking for you at the pool, and his friends and his brother came with him. They came looking to harm you. But you fought back, Owen, and no one can blame you for that. It was self-defense, four on one. You didn't do anything wrong. They attacked you, and you fought back. And Abby came and helped you.\" Owen grabbed his knees and glanced around like a trapped animal. Alvirez knew he had him. \"The alternative,\" Alvirez continued, \"is that you went to that pool looking to hurt Kenny and his friends. You hit Kenny in the head and it felt good. You wanted more. You wanted complete revenge. You knew Kenny and his friends would be at the pool. You brought a weapon. Maybe you brought some friends of your own. You planned to kill them. Then you carried out your plan. You're a murderer.\" Owen was shaking his head no before Alvirez even finished speaking. \"Those are your choices, Owen,\" Alvirez maintained. \"Did you go there intending to kill those bullies? Are you a murderer?\" \"They were trying to drown me!\" Owen protested. Alvirez backed away from Owen and sat down, rewarding the boy with some personal space. \"That's good, Owen,\" he said. \"I really appreciate you saying that. That tells me you're not a murderer. Those boys came to that pool to hurt you. Whatever happened to them, they got what they deserved. It was all self-defense. Tell me how they tried to drown you.\" \"Kenny's brother held me underwater. He had me by the hair.\" \"How long did he hold you underwater?\" \"He said he'd poke my eye out if I didn't last three minutes.\" \"Did you last three minutes?\" Owen opened his mouth, stopped. His face took on the expression Alvirez had seen a thousand times, the one that said the obvious: I've said too much. Alvirez pressed his advantage. \"You and Abby take a train to Denver. You make it onto the street, this man gives you a ride to his house.\" Alvirez picked up the picture of Dillon Kershaw and kept it before Owen. \"He takes you inside. Maybe he touches you.\" The agent saw this was wrong, and changed themes. \"Maybe he touches Abby.\" The boy's eyes burned. Bingo , Alvirez thought. \"He touches Abby,\" Alvirez continued. \"He takes her into the bedroom. Abby has to fight back, don't you see that, Owen? She has to defend herself from this pervert who's trying to take advantage of her. It's self-defense all over again. She didn't do anything wrong. I'm right, aren't I , Owen? It was self-defense, wasn't it?\" Owen nodded. \"You were sleeping over in Abby's apartment.\" Alvirez picked up the message from Abby. \"You wake up and find this note. Abby's in the bathroom. Suddenly a policeman breaks into the apartment. You're afraid for Abby. She's your girlfriend. You like her, and she likes you. She cares about you. She cares about you way more than anyone else has ever cared about you. And now she's in danger from this strange man who shouldn't even be there. \"The policeman goes down the hall toward the bathroom. You know Abby's in the bathroom, and you're afraid. What is going to happen to Abby? She's your girlfriend. You care about her, more than you've ever cared about anyone. You don't want her to get hurt. You need to protect her. It's your job to protect her. You're her boyfriend. It's what any boyfriend would do. It's what any boyfriend should do: he should protect his girl. \"The policeman enters the bathroom. He has a gun. You're so afraid for Abby. You know she's in there. Then Abby bites the policeman. You didn't want her to. But the policeman surprised her, and she did what she's been trained to do: she fights back. \"You're shocked at what's happening. There's blood everywhere. This isn't what you wanted. Why did this man come in here in the first place? He should have minded his own business. It's his own fault this has happened. But it's hard to watch, so you grab the doorknob and close the door.\" Alvirez motioned to his partner. Doug played back the key line from Owen's conversation with his parents: \"I closed the door, Dad. I closed the door.\" \"It's not Abby's fault,\" Alvirez continued. \"She's been raised to live like this, to behave like this.\" The agent saw this line of reasoning lose Owen. This puzzled him, but he shifted anyway. \"It's not her fault. Did she mean to kill that policeman? He's the one who broke into her apartment. If he had minded his own business, none of this would have happened. A strange man comes into her apartment and surprises her…\" Alvirez stopped again. He kept offering the self-defense angle, but Owen was refusing to take it. What did that leave him with? \"She's a sweet girl, Owen. This stuff she does, it's not her fault.\" Alvirez paused and stared at Owen. The boy was with him this far. He agreed that Abby's actions weren't her fault. \"Give me a reason to believe that, Owen. Explain to me why it's not her fault. I know you believe that. I want to believe it, too. Here's your chance to defend her. Defend your girlfriend. Prove to me it's not her fault. I promise I'll believe you.\" The agent observed the distant look in the suspect's eyes, could tell the boy was marching through the bathroom scene. He wanted Owen to say it out loud! \"It's OK to tell me what happened, Owen. It wasn't your fault. It wasn't Abby's fault. There's a reason she's not to blame. I can tell you're upset about what happened. You'll feel a lot better if you just tell me. Convince me Abby's not to blame.\" Owen fixed his gaze on the FBI agent, an expression of pure horror covering his face. What did you see? Alvirez begged silently. You saw your girlfriend bite a man's throat out? You saw her drink his blood? Alvirez considered the strained, empty look in the boy's eyes, the incomprehensibility, the incredulity. And suddenly he realized: Owen had seen Abby bite a man's throat out and drink his blood. But the boy had also seen something else. Something even worse. \"Still think he's a marshmallow?\" Alvirez asked on the other side of the one-way glass. Owen sat alone in the interrogation room, sipping his Coke. \"I've never seen a suspect come so close to breaking, and then not break,\" Doug commented. \"It doesn't make sense.\" It's worse than that, Alvirez thought. He did break. Alvirez had crushed the kid thoroughly and completely and ruthlessly. And then Owen had refused to tell them what he'd seen. Alvirez had not succeeded in breaking every suspect he had ever questioned. But the ones who did break always confessed. That's what it meant to be broken. They wanted to confess. They'd say anything, just to make the interrogation stop. What did it mean if a suspect broke but still refused to speak? Owen broke. But he won't speak? No, it's not that he won't speak. It's that he can't . Owen had seen something beyond speech, an event or fact or datum that could not be articulated. Language could not contain it. Language would not permit it to be. Alvirez decided in that moment that he was going to start lying to his partner. He had never deceived Doug before, had never held back his thought processes. But this case had just passed into some unknown place. Such cases were dangerous. Such cases didn't make careers; they destroyed them. The politic thing was to start keeping his own counsel, to hide within himself the queries rising in his mind. Thus he refrained from explaining to Doug that without ever being asked, Owen Wheeler had answered the most important question of all: Abby was alone.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4: Juvie Now Abby will find me. Owen consoled himself with this thought as he endured the receiving process at Bernalillo County Juvenile Detention Center in Albuquerque. He had spent his last ten days isolated in the Denver jail. There had been endless meetings with his mother and lawyer. There had been hearings before a judge. Apparently Colorado didn't want him. New Mexico wanted him. Owen was being charged as an accessory in the deaths of Kenny and his gang, and as an accomplice in the death of the policeman. They were words Owen hadn't known two weeks ago: accessory, accomplice. His lawyer had drilled the terms into his head repeatedly. Accomplice was more serious than accessory. Owen had gotten that much down, at least. But hopefully there wouldn't be a trial. Abby would come and she would rescue Owen and he would never make another phone call home as long as he lived. During his first night in the Denver jail, Owen had felt Abby's presence. It had only lasted a few minutes, but she had definitely been nearby – on the street, perhaps, or on the roof. The next night he had felt her again. Since then, nothing. He wondered where she had gone. He wished she had kept visiting him each night. He had dreamed of Abby breaking in, of course. She would smash through the concrete and duck the storm of bullets and Owen would be free. But the Denver jail was a fortress. There were so many bars. There were so many men with guns. Abby might have super-strength, but attacking the Denver jail was suicide. The Bernalillo Juvenile Detention Center seemed easier. It had a fence, not a wall. The guards Owen had seen so far did not carry guns. Perhaps tonight would be the night. After a strip search and a shower, correctional officers led Owen to C Wing, the section his lawyer had described as housing long-term violent offenders. His mother had wept at the news. Owen took one step into C wing and understood why. A common area contained about twenty-five boys, some sitting at tables and chairs, others milling about in racially segregated groups. Cells with metal doors surrounded this open space, with another tier of cells above. Perhaps ten additional prisoners leaned on the railing that ran along the second floor walkway. Every boy in the place seemed at least five years older to Owen. Many of them wore muscle shirts, and their muscles were enormous. All of them struck Owen as incredibly fierce. \"New meat!\" one of the inmates yelled. Boys ran into the path that Owen would have to take, blocking his way to his cell. Some of them repeated the call of \"new meat,\" but others just looked at him, mystified. Owen guessed why. He appeared so small and harmless, no one could understand how he had ended up in juvie at all, much less C Wing. A boy who had to be at least six feet tall stepped from the crowd. He studied Owen for about five seconds, observing him as though he were a drop of water under a microscope. Then he touched a single fingertip to Owen's forehead and held it there. The mass of boys grew quiet at this. A number of them glanced over at an office manned by guards. The guards did nothing. The tall boy lowered his finger and smiled. Owen knew he was doomed. The crowd parted. Owen rushed to his cell, a tiny room with cinderblock walls, two metal cots, and not much else. The upper bed already had sheets on it, so Owen sat on the lower bunk, placing his linens in a meager pile beside him. He couldn't believe what was happening to him. After ten minutes a boy wandered in who was perhaps only a couple of years older than Owen. \"I'm Tim,\" he said. \"Your roommate. Guess I'm not the youngest now.\" He leaned against the wall and looked Owen over. \"Jesus, kid, what did you do ?\" Owen stared at the floor, saying nothing. Tim shook his head. \"You're screwed,\" he informed Owen. That night Owen learned why. Five older teens hauled him from bed and dragged him to cell 17. Owen was not surprised to find the tall boy from earlier waiting for him, a monster the others addressed as Bobby. Bobby did not pause for effect, but went up to Owen immediately and punched him in the stomach. Owen collapsed on the floor. The six teens began kicking him, and Owen made the serious mistake of crying out for Abby. \"Abby,\" one of his tormentors began chanting, and soon all of them were calling out her name as they pummeled him into a bloody mess. Abby rescued me before, Owen thought. She'll save me again. Then the real torture began, and Owen was no longer capable of thinking anything. Abby didn't come. Owen endured the next three weeks in a daze. He went to school in the detention center. He ate his meals with the white kids. At night, when Bobby and his friends felt like it, he got \"seventeened.\" One evening after dinner, Owen asked Tim why they never came for him. \"Got bored with me, I guess,\" was his only reply. He got more and more angry over the nightmare he was experiencing. A little of this anger was directed at the corrections officers, but not much. Owen had come to expect nothing from adults, so it didn't surprise him that the guards had thrown him to the wolves. Much of his rage was directed at Bobby and his accomplices. Owen couldn't comprehend how, after finally escaping one gang's attention, he had ended up under the control of another gang ten times worse. But many days, he felt most angry at Abby. Abby had promised to find him. But Abby hadn't found him. Owen no longer knew if she would ever find him. He was in jail because of Abby, and he wondered if Abby even cared. Owen felt guilty at all this Abby-oriented anger. Abby cared about him. Abby had rescued him. Surely she would come one day. Surely there was a reason she hadn't come so far. One thing Owen could say about the hell of juvie, it helped him better understand the vision Abby had shown him. She had been horribly brutalized, and now Owen was going through the same thing. He couldn't imagine how he would ever recover. He wondered if the same was true of Abby, that she had been damaged and never healed. Maybe she couldn't be healed. After a particularly horrible night, as he lay in his bed sobbing softly and silently begging Abby to come save him, Owen realized things couldn't go on like this. Perhaps Abby would come for him. Perhaps Abby wouldn't. Either way, Owen had to do something before there wasn't anything left of him to save. He started to get embarrassed over his constant wish to have his girlfriend come and rescue him. The boys in juvie were tough. They fought back when they were attacked, even if they had no hope of winning. They didn't cry at night, despite getting beaten or worse. And they didn't spend time hoping their girlfriends would get them out. Owen tried fighting back a few times, but this proved counter-productive. Bobby was twice his weight, he had street experience, and he had lots of big friends. Plus when Owen resisted, things got even nastier; the two nights he took a swing at Bobby, he had to crawl back to his cell. If he was going to find a solution, it would have to be something other than punching. But his weak attempts at self-defense got Owen thinking about his two critical encounters with the bullies at Los Alamos Middle School: the morning on the ice when he had hit Kenny in the head with the metal pole, and the night in the locker room when he had pulled a knife on Kenny's brother – and then failed to use it. Owen eventually decided that the reason he hadn't used the knife was because he had hit Kenny in the head. He had harmed another person, and he had hated it. Despite all that Kenny had done to him, the instant the pole had ripped his ear apart Owen had felt horrified, not happy. He had bragged about it to Abby afterward, of course. But there was no getting around that initial reaction. I'm a wimp, he decided painfully. He wondered if he was going to be a wimp forever. One afternoon Owen arrived for class preoccupied with the news his lawyer had just delivered: New Mexico was dropping the charges related to the killings at the swimming pool. Instead the state was going to focus on prosecuting Owen for the death of Detective Sean O'Conner. A trial date had been set. But New Mexico was offering a lighter sentence in exchange for testimony against Abby. It was all very confusing. As Owen sat at his desk, trying to make sense of the differences between federal and state crimes, accessories and accomplices, and murdering a police officer versus tearing apart four punks in a pool, he became convinced of his absolute ignorance. He had entered another world, a forensic world, full of terms and concepts and procedures that utterly mystified him. And it was while he sat there, meditating on his cluelessness, that the teacher handed back three tests he had taken. Owen stared at the exams: Math, English, and History. He had gotten an A on all three. Owen hadn't listened to a thing the teacher had said over the last month. He certainly hadn't studied. He couldn't even remember taking the tests. He had gotten A's. But he was stupid! The latest meeting with his lawyer had driven that point home. He was stupid and didn't understand what was happening to him and wished – oh, how he wished! – to go back to that train ride and do everything differently. He glanced to his right, saw that the boy sitting there had gotten F's. He peeked to his left, then over the shoulder of the student in front of him. It was the same. Owen might be stupid, but his fellow inmates were, well, a whole other level of stupid. These boys were three, four years older than Owen. How had they failed while Owen had gotten A's? I don't belong here , Owen realized. There was something different about him. The other juvies were larger and tougher and stronger, yes. But Owen was smarter. He didn't have trouble understanding his lawyer because he was stupid. He had trouble understanding his lawyer because he was…uneducated. There were words and ideas and ways of thinking that Owen had never learned, that no one had ever even tried to teach him. I'm not stupid. I'm uneducated. But just because he was uneducated didn't mean he had to stay that way. Owen looked up from his tests, focused on the teacher, and began paying attention. \"You have to weigh the advantages and disadvantages of being tried as an adult,\" Owen explained to the eight boys crammed into his room. \"If they try you as an adult, you get a jury trial. You get the right to appeal if you lose. But the penalties are a lot stricter. So you have to ask yourself, how will you look to a jury of adults? Will they look at you as a poor, misunderstood kid who's had a hard life? Or will they see a dangerous juvie they need to lock up to keep away from their daughters?\" Owen's audience took a moment to ponder this thought. They were all white kids, of course: George, Cliff, Mark, and Rick, three boys who went by the nicknames Village, Bank, and Stack, and Owen's roommate, Tim. \"That judge f-ing hates me,\" Rick protested. \"Will a jury hate you any less?\" Owen asked. \"They've got the evidence to convict you. Otherwise they wouldn't risk going to trial. They'd plea bargain instead. No, your lawyer's right. Fight the motion to try you as an adult. Lose in criminal court and you could end up in prison. And from what I hear, prison makes this place look like Disneyland.\" And prison's where I'm headed when I turn eighteen, Owen thought, even if I do get convicted in juvenile court. Apparently who you killed mattered a great deal to the state of New Mexico, and Owen had broken one of the most important rules of the street: never kill a cop. \"You're lucky you're twelve,\" Rick declared. \"Yeah, right,\" Owen groaned. The other boys shook their heads in sympathy. There was exactly one prisoner in C Wing who got seventeened more than anyone else, and they all knew who it was. The class grew silent, until Cliff finally whispered the question: \"What did you do ?\" Owen had been asked this question before, of course, but always he had held off. Giving free legal advice could only get him so far, however. It was time to begin the second stage of his plan. \"My girlfriend's a vampire,\" Owen declared, and from that opening statement, he had them. \"Three bullies picked on me constantly,\" Owen continued, \"Kenny was the leader. I was in the swimming pool one night, and they came to get me. Kenny's older brother came with them. I ran to my locker and grabbed my knife. But then I chickened out.\" Owen paused at this, afraid that the boys would laugh at his cowardice. Instead they merely nodded. It occurred to Owen that perhaps he wasn't the only person to have ever frozen in a fight. \"Never pull a knife unless you know how to use it,\" Village explained. \"Otherwise they just take it and you get cut with your own blade.\" \"Well that's just what happened,\" Owen said. \"They dragged me to the pool and threw me in. Kenny's brother grabbed my hair and told me I had to hold my breath for three minutes. Or he'd poke out my eye. He held my knife in my face as he said it. Then he pushed me under. \"He was drowning me. I knew I couldn't last. Then I heard screaming, and his head suddenly plopped into the water in front of me.\" \"Just his head?\" several of them asked. \"Just his head,\" Owen affirmed. \"F-ing A,\" George pronounced. \"I came out of the water and there was Abby. She had torn them to pieces.\" \"Did she drink their blood?\" Tim asked. \"You know, I don't know,\" Owen replied. \"She had just eaten someone the day before, so maybe she wasn't hungry.\" \"F-ing A,\" George said. \"Wait a minute,\" Bank interjected. \"The four students killed in Los Alamos. You're saying that was you ?\" \"Abby's the one who actually killed them,\" Owen clarified, but he could tell Bank thought he was full of it. That was OK, though. No one had to believe him. Not yet, anyway. \"That story was all over the TV,\" Bank continued. \"They say you guys killed a cop. Is that true? Did you kill a cop?\" Owen said nothing. He simply watched as the light bulbs went off in his listeners' minds. That's why a twelve-year-old had been stuck in C Wing. That's why the guards made no effort to protect him. Owen was a cop-killer. He saw the new respect develop in his visitors' eyes, mixed with doubt. They begged for details, but Owen declined. He needed to keep them coming back for more. One advantage of juvie was that it gave a person lots of time to think. As long as the lights stayed on, Owen concentrated on his law books. Most of the material was over his head, but he gleaned what he could. Every day he understood a little more. But in the dark, on those nights Bobby chose to pick on someone else, Owen would lay in his bed and try to sort things out. He and Abby had made so many mistakes. The traced call had been the biggest. But it wasn't the only one. Abby needed to hide. It was foolish to kill a police officer, then kill four minors. These acts focused attention on Abby. They made her visible. What Owen and Abby should have done was run away from Los Alamos before the detective came knocking. Owen berated himself for not realizing this sooner. Owen lamented his performance during the interrogation in Denver. He could have asked for a lawyer. He should have asked for a lawyer. He should have kept his mouth shut. He hated how Alvirez had picked him apart. Owen kept waiting for the FBI agent to return and question him further, but the jerk had vanished. Owen didn't understand why. Alvirez, however, had communicated something very useful. He had mentioned two people killed by Abby's father. Owen thought a lot about that. He guessed that Abby's dad had been trying to get blood for her to drink. Owen imagined the filmstrip, tried to comprehend the idea that Abby's dad had once been Abby's age. Eventually a basic question formed in Owen's mind: Does Abby want me to get blood for her? Owen didn't know if he wanted to kill people for Abby. He didn't know if he could kill. Abby had never said she wanted Owen to get blood for her. What did Abby want? Why did she like Owen? Did she really like him? What did she expect? Why did she want him to be with her? Owen knew what he wanted: he wanted to make Abby happy. He thought about Abby and decided that more than anything else, Abby was sad. Owen didn't want her to be sad. He wanted her to be happy. Owen knew he was able to do this. He was able to make her happy. And the nightmare of juvie was all worth it, if only Owen could make her happy some more. He wondered how old Abby was. He wondered where Abby was. He worried that something had happened to her, that a potential meal had somehow defeated her. She should have come by now. One thing was clear. If Abby ever did come, Owen needed a plan for what they would do next. He wasn't going to be a burden, not this time. He was going to help Abby. He just had to figure out how. On his thirteenth birthday, Owen gathered a dozen boys into a corner of the common room and told them an Abby story. \"We took the train from Los Alamos,\" Owen began. \"Abby stayed in the trunk. She can't go in the sun; it burns her. So she stayed in the trunk the whole way there. \"When we got to Denver, it was nighttime. Abby got out of the trunk and we went to a bench on the street. It was really cold. But Abby doesn't get cold. She hardly ever wears shoes, not even in the snow. A guy drove by and picked us up. He looked at Abby funny.\" \"Loser!\" Mark shouted. \"Pervert,\" Stack declared. \"Get him, Abby,\" Rick encouraged. \"We got some food at McDonald's. Then we went to his house. Abby made him say, 'You can come in.' She can't go in someone's home unless they invite her in. Abby went into his bedroom. Then he went in.\" \"Yeah!\" several of the boys yelled. \"Dinner time.\" \"The screaming only lasted a few seconds,\" Owen stated matter-of-factly. \"Abby drank him dry.\" \"What about you?\" Stack asked. \"What did you do?\" Owen smiled. \"I ate my French-fries.\" \"F-ing A,\" George said. \"But I was stupid,\" Owen continued. \"The next day I called home. That's how the police found us. It's a good thing they came at night, or Abby would've been toast. It was such a stupid mistake. I still can't believe I made it.\" A lot of the boys nodded at this. They had made stupid mistakes, too. Owen paused for a few seconds, then shared his dilemma: \"I need a way to kill people without getting caught.\" The group got very quiet. Several boys glanced over at the guard station. \"Make sure there are no witnesses,\" Tim suggested. \"Don't leave evidence,\" Rich added. \"They always find evidence,\" Bank objected. \"I heard of a guy,\" Stack added, \"who burned the crime scene. That took care of the evidence.\" \"But that only works indoors,\" Owen said. \"Abby can't go in unless she's invited.\" \"Don't let them find the murder weapon,\" Stack said. \"That's not relevant here,\" Village interjected. \"Abby's just using her teeth. Your problem is the body. You can't let them find the body.\" Owen nodded. He had studied habeas corpus . \"But that's everyone's problem,\" Village explained. \"Sooner or later, somebody always finds the body. Figure out how to hide the body, and you can get away with it.\" Owen nodded again, but he was disappointed. He had already figured this much for himself. He needed more, and the inmates in Bernalillo couldn't help him. They understood violence. They understood hard times. But they didn't know how to get away with murder. A week later Owen lay in his bed, fuming at the unfairness of the world. A painful truth had finally clicked in his mind: he had been placed in C Wing deliberately, with the goal that the abuse would compel him to testify against Abby. The authorities didn't just know what was happening to Owen. They were counting on it. Owen thought about the vision Abby had shown him. If he understood it rightly, it explained how Abby had become a vampire: another vampire had bitten her. And if that was how Abby had become a vampire, couldn't she do the same thing to Owen? Owen had no idea if he really wanted to be a vampire. Abby had never mentioned the possibility. But Owen loved the idea of being strong enough to fight off Bobby and his gang. If he were a vampire, he wouldn't be useless. He wouldn't slow Abby down. He could fly off into the night with his girlfriend, and the police would never catch him. He could eat the police. He would never be afraid. Except Abby was afraid. She was afraid all the time: of sunlight, of discovery, of…what? There was so much sadness. Fear didn't seem to fit in, but there it was. Owen wanted to make Abby's sadness go away. Could he make her fear disappear, too? It would not be easy. The boys in juvie made fun of the police. They thought they were stupid. Owen knew better. Criminals were the stupid ones. Criminals who so arrogantly believed they could go on forever and never get caught. No, police were smart. Very smart. Alvirez had convinced Owen of that much. Police knew lots of things that Owen didn't know. Even worse, Owen didn't know what he didn't know. He realized there were things he needed to learn, but he didn't know what they were. If we're going to survive out there, Owen concluded afresh, I need an education. \"The policeman kicked in the door,\" Owen said, fifteen boys hanging on every word. \"I hid behind a wall and he passed me by. He headed down the hallway toward the bathroom. \"I followed him as close as I could. He had his gun out. He opened the bathroom door. Something was in the tub. He pulled away one blanket, then another. There she was: Abby, asleep, curled up like a little child. \"The room was dark. The policeman yanked on the window cardboard. Sunlight started coming in. I knew if he kept going Abby would be killed. I yelled for him to stop. \"The man spun around and pointed his gun at me. I had scared him. Then Abby jumped on him from behind. She wrestled him to the floor. His neck made a really loud crunching sound when she bit it. Blood spurted all over the place. I got as close as I dared, shut the door, and let Abby have her breakfast.\" \"F-ing A,\" George concluded. That night George, Rick, Village, and Stack snuck to Owen's room. They urged Stack to speak. \"We've been thinking,\" Stack began. \"You asked how you could get away with killing someone. We're wondering if that's how you should be talking.\" \"Abby's gotta eat,\" Owen said simply. \"No, it's not that,\" Stack continued. \"We're just thinking there might be another way.\" \"What do you mean?\" Stack glanced at the other boys, who encouraged him to continue. \"My sister has hemophilia. Know what that is?\" \"No,\" Owen answered. \"It's a bleeding disease. She bleeds all the time, and they can't stop it. So they have to give her extra blood. It's called a transfusion.\" \"Go on,\" Owen said, suddenly interested. \"I'd visit her in the hospital, and she'd always have a bag of blood hanging on her IV. So I ask my mom, where do they get the blood? She says people donate it. That means they take some blood from one person to give to another. Don't you see? Abby doesn't have to kill people. You can get blood out of them by sticking a needle in their arm.\" \"Why would anyone let me?\" Owen asked. Village jumped in at this point. \"There are people willing to do anything for money. Prostitutes. Drug users. Their blood's probably got all kinds of crap and diseases, but if Abby doesn't mind, you could pay them and they'd give you their blood.\" \"Where do I get the money?\" \"Rob people,\" Village suggested. Owen didn't like the sound of this. \"It beats killing them, doesn't it?\" Village added. Owen considered the idea they were presenting. If Abby didn't actually eat people, if she just ate their blood, there'd be no trail of dead bodies to follow. They could escape police detection. They could disappear. \"I don't know how to stick people with needles,\" Owen objected. \"So learn,\" Village said. The notion fascinated Owen. And he hadn't thought of it; his fellow juvies had. They might get F's on their tests. They might not know how to hide a body. But they were useful, after all. Owen lowered his voice to a whisper. \"Teach me how to steal,\" he said. \"Tomorrow's five months for me,\" Owen informed his roommate. The lights had gone out ten minutes ago. Owen worked at sharpening a paper clip on the wall of his cell. He had already stenciled Abby's name on the upper portion of his left arm. Now he waited for his eyes to adjust to the dark, dipped the paper clip into the ink he had borrowed from Village, and began jabbing his skin. The process was painful, but Owen had felt worse. He let the blood run down his arm and drip onto the floor. Tim drifted off to sleep. Owen kept inking. The low light level made the task challenging, but Owen was in no hurry. By midnight he was about a third of the way done. Owen would have liked some art to go with the letters – fangs, perhaps, and a pool of blood. But he knew he didn't have the skill for complex designs. He could always get more work added later. He finished the tattoo about an hour before roll call. Likely it would get infected, but Owen didn't care. Abby had been marked. He would love her forever. That morning while lined up for the shower, a number of boys surrounded Owen and admired his handiwork. They paid him compliments. \"Nice one,\" several of them said. Suddenly Bobby came up and smacked Owen's arm. \"Pissant tattoo,\" he declared, \"for some lame girl with a pissant boyfriend. I can't wait to do her. Then she'll know what it's like to have a real man.\" There was only one thing Owen could do in response to this, the thing he had realized months ago he would eventually have to do. He jumped on Bobby and bit him in the throat. The attack surprised Bobby so completely that he punched at Owen instead of pushing him away. Owen wrapped his arms and legs tightly around his target and adjusted the position of his teeth. Owen bit hard. He bit harder than he dared. Bobby screamed. A gush of blood filled Owen's mouth. It tasted awful and made him gag, but he had no intention of letting go. He did the only thing he could do: he swallowed. Bobby slammed Owen into the concrete wall. Owen bit harder. Bobby collapsed onto his back, flailing. He tried to get Owen off, but Owen was attached too tightly. Owen's mouth filled with blood. He swallowed. His mouth filled with blood again. He swallowed again. Everyone was screaming. Two correctional officers grabbed Owen. This was a mistake, for as the guards yanked a great piece of flesh tore away from Bobby's neck. Blood sprayed Owen's face and chest. The guards fell backwards. Then they wrestled Owen, smashing his face into the tile. Owen focused on the shouting. The juvies were crying his name. \"Owen, Owen!\" they chanted. Owen drank the cheers, spit a chunk of Bobby, and laughed: for the first time in his life, he had friends.[Chapter 5] Chapter 5: The Angel \"You're sure he said that?\" Alvirez asked. Timothy Shell, Owen Wheeler's roommate at the Bernalillo Detention Center, nodded for emphasis. \"He said he called out to the policeman, got him to turn around. Then Abby attacked him from behind. That's what he said,\" the boy maintained. Alvirez exchanged looks with his partner, rubbed his eyes. He was getting tired of the trip between Denver and Albuquerque. \"Excellent,\" Alvirez affirmed. \"That's very good, Tim. You're doing a great job. Keep up the good work.\" A pair of New Mexico state troopers appeared and escorted Tim from the office. \"Five times we've talked to this kid,\" Doug said. \"Always the same bullsh- story: Abby the vampire girl. It's all useless.\" \" Some of it's useless,\" Alvirez corrected. \"It's no different than any other testimony, really. We just have to separate fact from fiction.\" \"Even if we can determine which elements are true, what difference does it make? We're not learning anything we didn't already know.\" \"Well,\" Alvirez insisted, slightly annoyed, \"part of it is the principle of the thing: I always get my testimony, one way or another. But we have learned some things. The knife recovered at the pool was Owen's, not one of the victim's. Owen feels like he egged Abby on before she attacked Virginia Summers. And he definitely helped Abby kill O'Conner.\" \"Even if all that's true,\" Doug said, \"does it help us?\" \"Maybe not,\" Alvirez granted. \"But I think it's significant that in every account Owen claims Abby is the one who did the actual killing.\" \"He's making it up,\" Doug countered. \"He's trying to impress everyone.\" \"Let's think about that,\" Alvirez proposed, beginning to pace. \"If he were trying to show off, make himself look bad, wouldn't he exaggerate his own role in the murders? In fact he doesn't portray a very flattering portrait of himself. 'I chickened out.' According to Tim, those were Owen's exact words when describing the incident in the locker room. I don't think he'd have said that if he weren't recounting what actually happened.\" Alvirez could tell Doug wasn't buying it. He didn't press the issue, instead letting the man disappear on a lunch run. His partner did have a point, though. This case presented a number of seemingly unsolvable questions, none of which were being answered by Owen's jailhouse stories. The biggest problem was the additional forensic evidence uncovered by the FBI coroner. According to him, their John Doe had been bitten on the neck and partially drained of blood. But when? And where? O'Conner had been questioning the suspect. The detective had then stepped out to the nurse's station, during which time John Doe had leapt to his death. So this meant John Doe must have been bitten in his hospital room between the time O'Conner had left the room and the time he had returned to find the suspect dead on the ground outside his hospital window. But how could Abby have snuck into the room when she was apparently down in the lobby talking to the receptionist at the exact same time? This fact alone had convinced Doug that others must be involved. Alvirez had allowed his partner to persist in this belief. The agent still had some lingering doubts himself, of course. But he felt pretty confident at this point that his initial notion of \"Abby's Gang\" had been a serious mistake. The medical examiner had found more. There were bite marks on the four boys killed at the pool. Human bite marks. There were also bruises in the shape of small human fingers. Like a girl's fingers. The evidence just kept pointing to one impossible conclusion: Abby had ripped those kids apart with her bare teeth and hands. Alvirez had not shared this conclusion with his partner, much less with his superior. He never would. But in the privacy of his mind he was free to think things one was not permitted to share out loud. Not if one wanted to remain employed, anyway. The inescapable fact was that most of the evidence could be accounted for if Abby possessed super-strength. And an exceptional climbing ability. But really that was just a sub-category under the broader heading of super-strength. So the real question became, How is Abby so strong? Alvirez tried to develop a rational explanation. Abby could really be a much older person pretending to be twelve. There were teenage girls who passed for women, after all. Perhaps some women could do the opposite. Abby could possess a full-blown psychotic personality. There was a saying that a madman possessed the strength of ten. And there was always the possibility the girl was completely hyped up on drugs. Put it all together, and maybe, just maybe, it could account for the swimming pool massacre. The agent was, however, also willing to entertain an irrational explanation. Alvirez opened up a desk drawer and pulled out the Bible he had purchased that morning at a local bookstore. He turned to the New Testament and began searching for the story of the Gerasene demoniac. Alvirez' parents had sent him to Bible college. There he had tried to study philosophy. What a joke that had been, discussing Kant and Hegel with a bunch of close-minded fundamentalists. Although Alvirez had discovered Jonathan Edwards in the process, the smartest person ever produced by America and by far her greatest philosopher. So Bible college hadn't been a total waste. Alvirez graduated with agnostic leanings, not yet ready to completely jettison the religion of his parents. But whatever faith survived his school's anti-intellectualism died utterly in the jungles of Vietnam. Alvirez had been so good at calling in artillery strikes. He had witnessed the fruits of his labors. He no longer believed there could be a God. Yet Alvirez had not committed himself to philosophic naturalism. He pretended to be a naturalist, of course. A man had to if he wanted to get ahead in this world. But privately, secretly, he was still willing to admit the possibility of the supernatural. The agent found the passage he was looking for, Mark 5:2-5. \"When Jesus got out of the boat, a man with an evil spirit came from the tombs to meet him. This man lived in the tombs, and no one could bind him any more, not even with a chain. For he had often been chained hand and foot, but he tore the chains apart and broke the irons on his feet. No one was strong enough to subdue him. Night and day among the tombs and in the hills he would cry out and cut himself with stones.\" The demon-possessed man had torn his chains and broken his irons. People were unable to subdue him. That certainly qualified as super-strength. Living in the tombs and cutting himself with stones didn't seem to match Abby so well, at least as far as Alvirez knew. But inhuman strength was clearly present in the story. Abby could be an eighteen-year-old psychotic wacked out of her mind on drugs. She also could be a frightened, helpless girl possessed by an evil spirit. Alvirez was willing to consider either option. He needed to figure out which one was correct. Alvirez sat alone in his office foyer as two policemen arrived with Owen Wheeler. The boy seemed confused at first, but when he saw the FBI agent his uncertainty vanished. \"I want my lawyer,\" the child demanded. Alvirez stared at him, amused. He had the handcuffs removed from Owen's wrists. \"Thank you,\" Alvirez said to the officers. They retired into the hallway. \"I have a right to counsel,\" Owen insisted. \"I'm not questioning you as a suspect,\" Alvirez clarified. \"So actually, no you don't.\" This caught the boy off guard. He recovered quickly. \"You interrogated me without a parent or a lawyer. Nothing I said to you is admissible.\" Alvirez smiled and shook his head. \"I never had any intention of pursuing a federal indictment against you, Owen. I don't care about you at all. It's Abby I want.\" \"Your interrogation can't be used against me,\" Owen persisted. \"New Mexico doesn't even know I questioned you. You think they need a confession? You and Abby left a boatload of evidence in your apartments. The judge is going to send you up. Juvenile detention until you're eighteen. Prison until you're twenty-five. That's a lot of years, Owen. The best years of your life. Then you go and make things even worse. Not too bright, killing someone in jail.\" \"He dissed my ink and my girl,\" Owen explained. \"Besides, he had it coming.\" \"So I hear.\" The agent studied the child for a minute, observed that some of the boyishness had left his face, replaced by scars and an increased awareness of the real world. \"I know the prosecutor has offered you a lighter sentence,\" Alvirez said, \"in exchange for testimony about Abby. I'm here to sweeten the deal. The FBI wants Abby. You've no idea how badly they want her. We've worked out an arrangement with New Mexico. Tell us what you know about Abby, and your sentence will be reduced to time served. That means you get out of juvie today , Owen. You'll be a free man.\" \"Go to hell,\" Owen said. Alvirez pondered this response. \"You're too confident,\" he eventually observed out loud. \"You're thirteen. You're looking at twelve years of incarceration. You should be nervous. But you're not nervous.\" Owen returned the agent's gaze, waiting. This intrigued Alvirez even more. \"I'd say you're simply clueless, that you don't understand what's coming your way. But you've been five months in jail. You have some inkling of what prison is going to be like. You should be more eager to avoid it. The deal I'm offering, it's really rare. You should be jumping at it. At the very least you should be considering it. You dismissed it out of hand.\" Alvirez sat there for several minutes, trying to guess what Owen was thinking. He assumed the silence would get Owen to say something. The boy stayed mute. \"Follow me,\" Alvirez finally ordered. He stood up and led Owen into his office. A map of Colorado took up an entire wall. Thirteen red stickers had been plotted on the map. \"Abby's kills over the last 160 days,\" Alvirez explained. He touched a sticker that had been placed in Denver. \"Her first victim, when you were still with her. The only time she has struck in the actual city.\" He motioned to the region west of Denver. \"Since then, a dozen additional attacks. She kills an average of once every twelve days. Her method is distinctive. The victims are always bitten, always drained of blood. It makes her easy to track.\" Alvirez watched Owen carefully to see how he would respond to this information. The agent wasn't disappointed: Owen smiled. \"This news makes you happy. Why?\" He observed Owen carefully as the boy tried to conceal his excitement. He had just made the kid's day. Alvirez studied the map. He studied Owen. Then he shook his head. \"She's looking for you,\" he declared. He couldn't believe he hadn't realized it sooner. \"That's why you're not afraid to go to prison. You think she's going to bust you out.\" Alvirez sighed and shook his head again. \"I should have had you in here months ago.\" The agent sat on his desk for a minute and ruminated. \"Abby knows you were arrested in Denver. She stays in the area, tries to find you. That's why she refuses to move to a new hunting ground, despite the increased danger.\" This got Owen's attention. Alvirez pulled out a tabloid from three days ago, showed it to Owen. The headline said, \"Vampire Girl Strikes Again.\" It carried a sketch of Abby on the front page. Alvirez elaborated: \"The more respectable papers don't actually use the phrase 'Vampire Girl,' but that's what everyone's calling her. The way she kills is just so unique, Owen. We always know it's her. Western Colorado is up in arms. The state's giving concealed carry permits to everybody. People are refusing to go out alone at night. And last week a two-man hunter-killer team nearly got her. She managed to kill both of them, but not before they wounded her.\" Alvirez could tell from Owen's reaction that the boy thought he was lying. \"I'm telling you the truth, Owen. Her blood was recovered at the scene. Doctors examined it under the microscope, and they were very interested in what they found. They say they've never seen anything like it. They're guessing Abby has some sort of unique genetic disorder. Or maybe she's been infected with a rare pathogen that they haven't been able to isolate.\" The agent returned his attention to the map. \"Many people think a gang of adults is helping Abby, lurking in the shadows and pulling her strings. You and I know better, Owen. We know it's just Abby. She's strong, and she covers a lot of territory. She's not smart, though. Look at the pattern of her attacks and tell me where she is.\" Alvirez let Owen study the map with this question in mind. The answer was obvious, although the boy wouldn't admit it. Alvirez pointed to a spot in the middle of Abby's kill zone. \"A company of soldiers from the 10th Mountain Division is deploying to this area tomorrow. They are trained in high-altitude combat. They carry mountain-climbing gear and cold weather equipment. They will hunt Abby in squads of ten. They will carry automatic assault rifles. They will track her down, Owen, and they will shoot her. And she will stay in place, waiting to be shot, because she thinks you're still in Denver.\" Owen didn't seem terribly fazed by this. The kid's confidence in Abby was remarkable. \"You and I have one thing in common,\" Alvirez said. \"All we care about is Abby. Show how much you care about her. Help me bring her in. I promise that when the court considers her upbringing, the unique nature of her crimes, and her medical condition, she will be judged unfit to stand trial. That means she will go to an asylum, not a prison. \"That may not sound like much, but think about it. Once she's under proper medical care, she can be weaned off her dependence on human blood. Or if her disorder actually necessitates such a diet, blood can be provided to her safely, without anyone being harmed in the process. Abby can receive psychological counseling to help her overcome the training she's received. And maybe, just maybe, the doctors can cure her. \"I'm not promising that, Owen. The researchers could examine Abby and study her and decide there's nothing they can do for her. But isn't it worth trying? Imagine a day when Abby is cured and the two of you can live a normal life together. That's got to be worth something to you.\" Alvirez could tell Owen wasn't buying into this. He switched tactics. \"What if she does manage to break you out?\" Alvirez asked. \"What kind of life are the two of you going to live? You'll always be on the run. You'll always have me or someone like me chasing you. Sooner or later you'll be recaptured. Maybe Abby gets away again. So you're stuck in prison while she goes free. But let's face it, Owen. She's the one who's killing people. She's the one who needs to be incarcerated, not you. If one of you has to be locked away, doesn't it make more sense that it be her? Help me bring her in. She gets the medical attention that she needs. You go free. It's better that way.\" The agent paused, tried to restrain his frustration. Owen wasn't listening. \"Does Abby want to eat people? Do you want her to eat people? You get out there on the street with her, and that's what's going to happen. More dead bodies. It has to stop, Owen. For both your sakes. I'm suggesting an alternative that will put an end to the killing. I think you both want that. I realize I'm not offering a fairy tale ending. But I am offering you both a better life: you'll be free, Abby will no longer be eating people. Isn't that a better outcome than the course you seem set on? \"I know what it's like to kill, Owen. I know how it feels. It destroys your soul. Maybe you don't feel that way because you killed your enemy. But Abby's killing people at random. They aren't her enemies. They haven't done anything bad to her. They don't deserve to die. \"Try to imagine what that must be doing to Abby's soul. Her heart, if you will. It's got to be ruining her heart, eating away at her, destroying her little by little. You have to help me, Owen. For her sake. Help me bring her in. She'll be happier when she's no longer eating people.\" This line of reasoning seemed to click with Owen, but Alvirez realized it didn't matter. Not right now. The boy clearly had some plan of his own. He wasn't willing to consider other options. \"Arrogant little punk,\" Alvirez complained to his partner. \"So smug. So self-assured. He wouldn't listen to a thing I said.\" \"Sounds like a teenager,\" Doug said. \"You had to see the confidence in his eyes, Doug. He's certain Abby's going to get him out. I'm offering him a realistic solution. But he's got some fantasy clouding his mind.\" \"Sounds like a teenager,\" Doug repeated. Alvirez approached the map of Colorado and considered the red dots. \"It makes sense,\" he thought out loud. \"Owen's a juvenile, so his court records are sealed. The papers haven't printed his name since he became a suspect. They haven't reported his extradition to New Mexico. She thinks he's still in Denver. Or at least she has no clear reason to think he's elsewhere.\" \"I have to think they're smarter than that.\" They , Alvirez thought. Doug was so committed to the belief that Abby had a gang. But Alvirez had gotten it wrong, too. He hadn't really understood the implications of Abby being a twelve-year-old. \"We use it,\" Alvirez concluded. \"We publicize Owen's location and set a trap.\" \"What about the troops?\" Doug asked. Alvirez waved his hand dismissively. \"PR stunt. A single company? They could search that range for years and not find her. We need to do something to flush her out. We need to end this thing now.\" \"People get hurt down here and it's your ass.\" \"Then we better not screw it up.\" A week later Alvirez patrolled the extended perimeter he had created around the Bernalillo Detention Center. The sun would set in an hour. Alvirez examined the new cameras installed outside the fence. He greeted the officers stationed beyond the cameras. He practiced running to the fence from the tree line. Twenty seconds. That's how long it would take to collapse the perimeter and shut Abby in. Alvirez headed inside to the guard station, received an update from Doug, and dismissed his partner for the evening. Keeping Doug on the day shift meant that one of them had the position manned at all times. This was Alvirez' stated reason for having his partner there during daylight hours. Alvirez, however, knew Abby would attack at night. He didn't want Doug to be there when it happened. The guard station contained two sets of monitors: old black-and-white screens displaying feeds from the building-mounted cameras, and modern screens showing video from the cameras outside the fence. Together the monitors revealed the exterior of the building from every angle. It would be impossible to miss Abby climbing the wire. For the trap to work, of course, the facility could not appear to have been fortified. That's why the police were stationed in the trees. Abby had to feel it was safe enough to attempt a break-in. Alvirez toured the interior of the detention center, checking the barricades that had been placed at each exit. This is how they would trap Abby in the courtyard. Even if she were strong enough to rip one of the exterior doors completely off its hinges, the barricade inside the doorway would stop her. She would stand there, wondering what to do, while the men outside closed in. The agent was concerned that at the critical moment, the New Mexico troopers might hesitate to exercise deadly force against a female minor. Alvirez had taken them to the gun range and required them to shoot girl-shaped targets. But he knew that wouldn't help much, not when they actually came face-to-face with her. He hoped Abby would attack the officers rather than simply trying to escape. That would compel them to discharge their firearms. Alvirez made a round of the detention center's cells, nodding to the guards who were making sure the prisoners stayed in lock-down. He walked down a hallway to the isolation unit, looked through the small window in the door, observed Owen Wheeler asleep in his bed. It was the fourth night they had waited for Abby to make her move. Midnight found Alvirez, two policemen, and two correctional officers sitting in the guardroom watching the monitors. Screaming suddenly echoed through the common area, followed a few seconds later by a loud bang. \"Collapse the perimeter!\" Alvirez radioed, though he knew it would do no good. His target had entered the building. Alvirez drew his weapon and ran toward Owen's cell. Dismembered guards lined the hallway. The agent wanted to hurry to the isolation cell and check it out, but there was nothing to see down there. He needed to figure out where Owen had gone. Abby had breached security. She hadn't come over the fence. So how had she made it inside? Alvirez ran to the ladder that led to the roof, saw that the hatch at the top had been ripped open. He surged up the steps and burst outside. And there his life was transformed. An angel stood ten feet in front of Alvirez, her face and hands covered with blood. She locked eyes with Alvirez, dropped a sweatshirt, and wrapped her arms around Owen. Then she started running toward the agent. Alvirez considered shooting Owen in the back. The bullet would pass through and hit the girl. But Alvirez couldn't pull the trigger. It wasn't because killing two unarmed thirteen-year-olds might damage his career. It was because the angel accelerating past him was the most beautiful creature he had ever seen. Now it was Owen's turn to stare at Alvirez. He gave the agent a contented look as he rested his chin on Abby's shoulder. Alvirez recognized excitement and determination in the boy's expression. Owen was starting his adventure. And Alvirez was getting left behind. The next instant the children were off the edge and airborne. As the agent watched them disappear, his last shred of doubt left him. There was no gang. There had never been a gang. There was just Abby. Alvirez gazed into the sky and lamented. He found himself wishing there were a gang. Because if there were, he would join it.[Chapter 6] Chapter 6: Going Steady Abby flew north. Owen, arms wrapped tightly around her neck, could see little except crisp stars shining in the desert air. He drank in the cool breeze, laughed and cried in turn, exulted in his dreams coming true. It was great to be free. After a ten-minute flight, Abby landed next to a Buick parked several hundred feet off a highway. Owen felt his bare feet crunch into sand, but Abby did not let him go. Instead she pressed him to her with crushing force, repeating over and over again, \"I missed you so much, Owen. I missed you so much.\" Owen didn't know what to be most thrilled about: Abby busting him out of juvie, Abby flying him over central New Mexico, or Abby going topless. Owen rubbed her back as she continued to embrace him. Her smooth skin gave no indication that wings had ever been present. \"I missed you, too,\" Owen said. Abby released him, opened the Buick's driver-side door, and pulled out a large bottle of water. She rinsed off her face and hands, grabbed a fresh sweatshirt, and put it on. \"Get in,\" she urged. As soon as Owen closed the passenger door, Abby started the car, gunned the engine, merged onto the highway, and continued heading north. Owen lay down on the seat, with his feet on Abby's lap and his right arm beneath his head. \"They'll be looking for us together,\" Owen explained. \"This way if we pass a cop he'll only see you.\" He hoped the dark would be enough to conceal Abby's identity. Her long, straight hair really stood out, especially since most girls didn't wear their hair that way. She ought to put it up, or better yet, cut it off. Owen wondered if state troopers would stop and search vehicles headed away from Albuquerque. He had no doubt Abby could handle any police they encountered, but he did not want to leave a trail of bodies. He wanted to disappear. \"Where did you get the car?\" Owen asked. \"I stole it from a service garage,\" Abby explained. \"I went through the vehicles they'd finished, picked the one I wanted. It won't be missed until the morning.\" \"It's cool you can drive,\" Owen said. Abby smiled. \"I'll teach you. Then we can take turns.\" Owen liked the idea of getting driving lessons from Abby. He liked the idea of doing just about anything. He was free of juvie! He would never go back. Owen wondered what Alvirez was doing at that moment, how he was starting to search. The agent had seen them fly away. What would that mean for his pursuit? Abby had left a bloodbath back at Bernalillo. Owen imagined every police officer in New Mexico pouring onto the roads in search of the fugitives. What was the better course of action? Should they make a fast run for the border? Or should they find some place to hunker down? Owen wished he had asked his friends what to do. Except he had never shared his hope that Abby would rescue him. Alvirez had figured it out though. Owen felt the car exit the highway, but he did not risk a peek out the window. Instead he lay there, staring at Abby. She was so pretty! How amazing it was to see her and be close to her. Over five months they'd been apart. Owen had forgotten how great it was to look at her, to simply be with her. He couldn't let them get separated again. Trees started crowding the road. \"You can sit up,\" Abby said as she brought the car to a halt. Owen rose in his spot, watched Abby exit the Buick and use a large pair of pliers to open a link in a chain blocking their way. Then she drove the car forward, got back out, and repaired the chain behind them. \"Santa Fe National Forest,\" Abby explained. The road reduced to a single lane, then became gravel. They spent at least fifteen minutes twisting and turning up the side of a ridge. On the downward slope Abby pulled off onto an overgrown fire road. She took this until it gave out, then drove straight through a great pile of brush. They emerged in a small clearing containing two small tents. Abby got out and began piling sticks and plants behind the car. Owen stepped from the vehicle. \"That tent's yours,\" Abby said, pointing. \"I got you some clothes. I hope they're the right size.\" \"Thanks,\" Owen said, wincing as walked over the bracken. He unzipped the tent and went inside. It was pitch black, but he discovered a flashlight and turned it on. The interior contained a pile of shirts and jeans. There were four pairs of sneakers in different sizes. Abby had even obtained socks and underwear. Owen emerged a few minutes later, dressed in layers. It had only just turned September, but the air was quite cold at this altitude. His used his flashlight to navigate to the tarp spread in front of the tents. Owen examined the supplies Abby was organizing on the plastic: packaged food, four gallons of water, a camp stove, cookware, a lantern, bottled fuel, and several additional tarps folded neatly in a pile. Owen sat down opposite her, turned off his flashlight, and enjoyed the smell of pine trees. It was great to be free. \"Can you see in the dark?\" Owen asked. Abby nodded, her skin like porcelain in the moonlight. \"Sometimes even better in the dark,\" she said. She heated water on the stove, opened a freeze-dried meal, and poured hot water over the food. She handed the packet to Owen and waited for him to start eating. Owen stared at her. \"Oh,\" she said suddenly. \"Silverware.\" She went to the car and opened the trunk, then came back with a sleeping bag and a large Swiss Army knife. She handed Owen the knife and ran the sleeping bag over to his tent. Owen turned his flashlight back on, found a fork implement, and began eating…breakfast? He wondered what time it was. As Owen wolfed down his beef and noodles, shivering without a coat and wishing they could build a fire, he turned a question over in his mind. \"When did you last eat?\" he finally asked Abby, trying to keep his voice flat. She looked away. \"I need to know,\" Owen insisted. \"Two nights ago,\" she uttered, her voice barely above a whisper. \"That means you can go about another ten days, right?\" This surprised Abby. \"How do you know?\" she inquired. Owen explained the map Alvirez had shown him. \"When I fly a lot I get hungry faster,\" Abby said. \"Normally I can go two weeks.\" \"Did you know you were being tracked?\" Owen asked. She shook her head. \"He said you were wounded. Is that true?\" \"Parabellum hollow point,\" she explained, pointing to her left thigh. \"It bled a lot. By the next night it was healed.\" \"It was dangerous,\" Owen said, \"staying so long in one place.\" \"I was trying to find you. I searched the city over and over again. I kept reading the papers. Four days ago they said you'd been moved. I got here last night, but I needed to get this ready first,\" she said, gesturing to their camp. \"It's great,\" Owen declared. \"Best place I've ever been.\" He finished his meal. His shivering grew worse. \"I knew I'd forget things,\" Abby lamented. \"I should have gotten you a coat.\" \"I'm fine,\" he insisted, but he kept thinking about how great a fire would be. \"You should get in your sleeping bag,\" she recommended. Owen agreed to this. He closed his knife and rose from the tarp. Abby ran over to her tent and grabbed a radio, then met Owen as he was about to say goodnight. \"Can I come in?\" she asked softly. Owen smiled. \"You can come in,\" he replied. They squeezed through the entrance. Owen pushed the spare clothes into a corner, opened up his sleeping bag, and lay down on his right side. Abby snuggled up next to him, her back against his chest. Then she tuned the radio to a Santa Fe station. They listened to music for a while. The last song Owen heard before drifting off was one he had learned in juvie: And bein' apart ain't easy on this love affair Two strangers learn to fall in love again I get the joy of rediscovering you Oh girl, you stand by me, I'm forever yours, faithfully He fell asleep with Abby in his arms. Owen awoke alone, the sun high in the sky. He went outside and studied Abby's tent from a distance. He could sense that she was in there. Owen had forgotten how wonderful that was, simply feeling her nearby. She had staked a tarp over her tent, which provided additional shade. Combined with the cover from the trees and whatever blankets or sleeping bags she had in her possession, Owen assumed she was safe from the sun. He walked down the hillside and relieved himself, wondering idly whether or not vampires had to go to the bathroom. He returned to their camp and found himself looking for a clock. As he rummaged quietly for food he thought of other things he wished he had. He began making a mental list. The hours passed. Owen tried to decide whether or not he was guarding Abby. She couldn't go in the sun. But what practical good was he actually doing, patrolling outside her tent? If a hiker or park ranger blundered into their clearing, it wasn't like Owen could do anything about it. Abby had survived for five months on her own. She didn't need Owen in order to survive. But it seemed she did need him if she was going to survive in a manner that didn't attract police attention. It puzzled Owen, how Abby had lived so many years, yet had never figured out how to conceal her kills. Didn't she understand how important the dead bodies were? Couldn't she do more to keep them from being discovered? Owen hoped Abby needed him for more than just practical reasons. She said she had missed him. He wondered if she had been as lonely without him as he had been without her. Granted, he had eventually made friends in juvie. But it wasn't the same. He wished for some books. There was nothing to do here. He spent a few minutes searching the Buick, didn't find anything interesting. He took some paper and a pencil that he found in the glove compartment and wrote down things they needed. He imagined police helicopters scanning the forest. Owen didn't like it that they were still in New Mexico. He began working on a plan. Abby emerged from her tent as soon as the first stars appeared. \"Hey,\" Owen said. \"Hey,\" she replied. Owen almost offered her something to eat, realized that was stupid. Abby excused herself and disappeared into the forest. Maybe vampires did need to go to the bathroom. Owen became conscious of the fact that he hadn't showered or brushed his teeth. He pulled out his list and added more items. \"It's Monday,\" he informed Abby when she returned. \"I want us to leave New Mexico Friday night. We're going to need a lot of money where we're going, but I don't want to rob houses clear across the country. I'd rather hit as many as possible Friday evening, right before we leave. Hopefully we can get a new car, as well.\" Abby listened carefully, but said nothing. She seemed willing to let Owen take the lead. \"That'll give us several days to case neighborhoods in Santa Fe,\" Owen continued. \"But tonight I want to practice. There's things we need. And I've never actually broken into a home. How far can you fly with me?\" \"Yesterday was about my max,\" Abby answered. \"At least without taking a rest. That won't get us to town.\" Owen considered this. \"Then we'll have to drive part way,\" he concluded. \"We can't take this car on the main road, though. They know it's stolen.\" He ran to his tent for some extra t-shirts and the flashlight, while Abby cleared a path for the Buick. Then they loaded into the car and began driving out of the forest, Abby keeping the headlights off as she maneuvered through the trees. She parked just out of sight of the chain blocking the entrance to this part of the park. They got out of the car and Abby took her shirt off. Owen wondered how long it would take him to get used to that . Abby took hold of him, ran down the road, and lifted off. Owen was amazed at how quickly her wings appeared. Being a vampire definitely had advantages. A few minutes later Abby landed on a cliff overlooking Santa Fe. Owen had been to the town a few times, but he had no recollection of the layout. All he knew for certain was that he wanted to attempt a house on the far side of the city, away from the forest. He explained as much to Abby. \"We can't go straight over,\" Abby said. \"It's too bright.\" \"Then we go around it,\" Owen informed her. Abby picked him up again and headed north. Owen didn't like it that he couldn't see where they were going. Could Abby carry him facing out? If she did, he wouldn't be able to wrap his arms around her neck. But she had to be strong enough to hold him on her own, at least for a little while. He wished he could fly. The thought returned that he had first had in juvie: Couldn't Abby change him? Wouldn't everything be so much easier if she did? \"Try to find a large, unoccupied house,\" Owen suggested. \"One with trees around it. It shouldn't be too close to other houses.\" After a few minutes Abby landed in the back yard of a two-story dwelling shaded by several tall aspens. No lights were on inside the home, although a large flood illuminated the rear patio. Owen picked up a rock, smashed the floodlight, and waited for a reaction. Nothing happened. His friends had taught him where to look for spare keys, but Owen didn't feel like wasting the time. Instead he had Abby fly him to an unlocked bedroom window, which he raised with his hands wrapped in t-shirts since he didn't have gloves. He got one leg through before Abby stopped him. \"Wait,\" Abby said as she clung to the house's exterior. \"Dogs don't like me. If they have one it will come.\" Owen paused with his legs straddling the windowsill, ready for a hasty departure. No dog appeared. \"Keep watch,\" he reminded Abby. Then he entered the bedroom. Owen made a quick walk-through, terrified of discovery. He imagined a sleeping resident arising and confronting him with a gun. Abby wouldn't be able to help him, not inside. His tension eased a bit as he proceeded through the house. It was unoccupied. The first thing Owen tried to find was a pair of gloves. This took longer than he had planned, but the search at least familiarized him further with the dwelling's interior. Once his hands were covered properly, he grabbed two large suitcases from the basement and pulled out his shopping list. He started on the lowest level and worked his way up, going systematically from room to room. His nervousness made him drop things, and spin in circles, and pause constantly to listen for Abby. He hoped she could shout loudly enough if the owners returned. How much easier it would have been to simply go to K-Mart! Jewelry, cash, sweatshirt, coat, new clothes for Abby, soap, deodorant, toothbrush, toothpaste, shampoo, mouthwash, hammer, screwdriver, buckets, laundry detergent, rope, knives, baseball hat, food, water, watch, silverware, dish soap, scissors, rags, sponges, towels, map, women's magazines, whistle, bicycle, oven cleaner, toilet paper, books, backpack, batteries. Owen knew he wouldn't be able to find it all. Certainly there was only so much Abby could carry. He tried to slow down and prioritize, but it was hard. He kept thinking about getting caught. Owen at least made sure he got the five items requested by Abby: newspaper, scattergun, ammunition, hacksaw, file. In the den he found a large gun case. It included a number of firearms that Owen assumed were shotguns. He broke the glass, lifted out the three weapons that looked most promising, and walked them upstairs to the open window. \"Abby,\" he called into the dark. She appeared suddenly from the rooftop, startling Owen so badly that he nearly screamed. \"Is this what you want?\" he asked. He held each gun before her in turn. She settled on two of them, told him to take the third one back. Owen searched the den further and discovered four boxes of ammunition. He dragged the luggage to the top of the stairs and topped it off with items from the bedrooms. He then passed the suitcases to Abby, who flew them to the woods behind the house. Owen leaned the two shotguns against the windowsill and ran through the home, opening every window. He went to the living room and pulled all the books from the shelves. He added some pieces of lumber from the basement. Finally he got a can of gasoline from the garage and poured it on the pile. He didn't want to destroy this family's home. He hadn't left any fingerprints. But some of the things they had stolen were untypical: toiletries, soap, clothing. The theft would stand out as unusual, and Alvirez wasn't stupid. Burning down the house would attract a lot of attention in its own right. But at least fire would keep the agent guessing. Owen lit the pile and ran upstairs. This time Abby carried Owen facing forward; it was his job to hold the shotguns. He couldn't see much in the dark, although the city lights in the distance looked impressive enough. Abby had to land twice, but after an hour she got Owen back to their car. She rested longer in the relative safety of the forest. Owen felt badly about working her so hard. Eventually she flew off to retrieve the suitcases. Waiting alone in the woods, Owen started feeling small and useless, this despite having just added burglary and arson to his list of crimes. He was struck by the hard truth that Abby could not always protect him. During daylight she could do nothing, of course. But even at night she could not be with him every moment. He wished he had stuffed some ammo in his pockets. Yet what would he do with a loaded gun if a park ranger did show up? Would he really try to shoot him? Owen had no desire to kill people. Bobby had been a necessary exception. It took hours for Abby to return with the suitcases. She shoved them into the trunk of the Buick and collapsed behind the steering wheel, exhausted. \"You did a great job,\" Owen affirmed. Abby smiled, but said nothing. They made it back to camp just as the sky was beginning to lighten. Abby gave Owen's hand a squeeze and disappeared inside her tent. Owen stumbled into the morning. He wanted to rest longer, but the ground under his sleeping bag was rocky, and the changes in animal sounds kept causing him to stir. Tonight he would have to lay a tarp over his tent. That would at least keep the sunlight out. He found a container of instant coffee. He didn't really care for coffee, but his fatigue called for desperate measures. He heated up a pot of water, only to realize they didn't have cups. He poured the crystals straight into the pot and began sipping from the edge. A half-hour later Owen had the two suitcases open. He dug out a watch and strapped it on: Tuesday, September 6, 8:37 AM. He found the toilet paper and made a trip to the woods. He unwrapped a Hershey bar and ate it slowly, one rectangle at a time. Owen kept thinking of things he had not succeeded in stealing, either because he hadn't found them or because Abby hadn't been able to carry them. It wasn't long before new items started coming to mind. He pulled out his list and wrote stuff down, but he knew they'd have to make do with what they had. Actually, Owen would have to make do with what they had. Abby didn't seem to need much. She didn't even appear to drink water. She needed a good source of shade during the day. She had to eat every other week. That seemed to be it. Even the clothes on her back were, strictly speaking, non-essential. He wished they could go shopping. Abby currently possessed over $1200 in cash, plus a decent stock of jewelry she eventually hoped to sell. Add in what they had just stolen, and a spree at the mall would be quite doable. But appearing in public was out of the question. Owen picked up the newspaper and found several articles related to him and Abby. Apparently she had killed five guards. The escape had happened so fast that Owen hadn't really been sure how many she'd plowed through on the way to his cell. The article mentioned details about their families and funerals. Owen remembered how the correctional officers had turned a blind eye to what Bobby was doing. He felt somewhat content at the guards being added to the ever-expanding \"f-with-Owen-Wheeler-and-you-die\" list. The state of New Mexico was engaged in a massive manhunt. Fortunately the image of Owen in the paper was his Bernalillo intake picture, which was almost six months old. His appearance had changed a fair bit since then. One article mentioned that Alvirez had been recalled to Washington. Owen wondered what that meant. He opened up a map of Santa Fe and began studying the developments adjacent to the National Park. Those were the homes they would rob Friday night. Tomorrow they would start casing them. Owen eventually folded the map and switched to a box set of paperbacks, a four-volume series called The Lord of the Rings. He pulled The Hobbit from the case and began reading. By the time Abby got up, Bilbo was telling Smaug riddles and Owen was reading by lantern. He put the novel down, grabbed some towels and other supplies for the two of them, and asked Abby to join him in a search for water. They headed down the hill, but it took a lot longer than he expected to find a creek. By the time they did, he knew he could never retrace his steps. He trusted Abby would be able to navigate the way back. Owen knelt beside the water and plunged his hand into the current. It was incredibly cold. He was tempted to give up the whole idea of bathing, but having a girlfriend motivated him. He didn't want to smell. He grabbed his stuff and headed upstream so he could be alone. The process took a long time. He had to undress, dip in the (freezing) water, jump out and wash, get back in. It was slow going in the dark, despite the lantern and the moon, and he was afraid of slipping on the rocks. He dried off with the towel he had brought and put on clean clothes. But then he had to do his laundry. He got the dirty clothes wet, poured some detergent on them, and tried to rub the soap into the cloth. It would have been a lot easier with a bucket. He rinsed the laundry, wrung it out as best he could, and wrapped it in his towel. When he returned to Abby he found her sitting beside the creek. Her hair was wet, and she was wearing a fresh t-shirt, so Owen assumed she had bathed. There were no other clothes for her to change into, though. That was something they would have to take care of on Friday. Owen was shivering as they started up the ridge, but the climb soon had him sweating. He wondered what the point of getting clean was if they just got dirty again anyway. They arrived back at camp and Owen glanced at his watch. Three hours had elapsed. Three hours to take a bath and do a handful of laundry. This \"living in the wild\" thing was ridiculous. He wished they could stay in a motel. Abby popped the trunk of the car and grabbed one of the shotguns. She found the hacksaw and began cutting off the barrel. \"This is a Remington pump-action,\" she explained. \"Very reliable, even when you don't clean it. 12-gauge, so the recoil is going to take some getting used to.\" The barrel fell to the ground. Abby switched to the file and began smoothing the gun's new end. \"Sawing it off makes it easier to conceal,\" Abby continued. \"It'll be easier to handle in tight spaces. It also makes it lighter. That's important if you're going to be hauling it all over the place. They say sawing off the barrel makes the pellets expand faster. I'm not sure that matters at close range, though.\" She produced a box of shells and loaded five rounds. \"Always treat a gun like it's loaded, whether you think it's loaded or not.\" She stood up, pumped the shotgun, lifted it to her shoulder, and fired into the trees. The loudness of the report shocked Owen. He covered his ears instinctively. \"The noise takes some getting used to,\" Abby admitted. \"But recoil is the real issue.\" She beckoned him over and handed him the gun. \"Stand like this, with one foot forward. Lean into the weapon. Press it against your shoulder. Tighter. Now try.\" Owen squeezed the trigger. Nothing happened. After some effort he managed to work the pump. He aimed and fired. The blast kicked the gun high into the air. Owen nearly lost his footing. He rubbed his shoulder where the stock had tried to dig a hole in his flesh. He stared at the weapon in disbelief. \"Pretty impressive, huh?\" Abby noted, taking the shotgun. \"And it'll cycle fast, too.\" She fired off the last three rounds in quick succession. Owen rubbed his ears. It was like standing next to a cannon. She handed the weapon back to him. \"Keep it pointed at the ground,\" she said. She went into the trees a little ways and began stacking small logs. On top of this pile she set bottles from their growing collection of trash. Then she led Owen to a spot about three yards in front of the targets. \"The stuff they show in the movies is nonsense,\" Abby emphasized. \"This is the distance at which real gunfights take place. Go ahead and fill the magazine. Try to hit them.\" It took Owen several minutes to load the shotgun and pump a shell into the chamber. When he finally aimed the weapon and discharged it, he was embarrassed by the result: he had missed. \"That's OK,\" Abby said. \"Get closer. Yes, closer. Really close. If you ever have to shoot someone, that's probably how close you're actually going to be.\" Owen made another attempt, and this time he hit his target. He cycled through his ammunition, knocking every bottle off its perch. His shoulder was killing him. Abby checked the gun to make sure it was empty. \"Pistols are smaller and lighter,\" Abby observed. \"Their recoil can be easier to manage. But they're inaccurate. The man who shot me last week, he got off five rounds with his Beretta. I was maybe two yards away from him. He only hit me once. That's why you want the shotgun. The spread of the pellets increases the odds of a hit. And it has a lot more stopping power.\" She sat down, moonlight filtering through the canopy to highlight her hair. \"There was a gunfight,\" she reminisced. \"Four men. Ten, fifteen feet apart. They emptied their pistols. No one got hit. They were fall-down drunk,\" she admitted. \"But all those bullets flying, you'd think somebody would get hit. I saw another fight, two men, two pistols each, against an old sailor with a double-barrel. The sailor was the only one who walked away. \"Of course a rifle is a different story. A sharpshooter gets you in his sights, and you're just dead. The Pennsylvania rifle was really accurate. But it took forever to load. The Winchester repeater was the first gun I was really afraid of. I won't attack soldiers. Not anymore.\" Owen joined Abby on the ground. \"Can you remember… before you changed?\" he asked. \"Before you were a vampire?\" Abby fell silent for several minutes, till Owen thought he had said something wrong. But then she spoke: \"My sister Betsy would fasten my gown. She looked so dignified in her riding habit. It was burgundy, with mother-of-pearl buttons. I played dress-up with her hats.\" \"Afterwards,\" Abby said, her voice distant, \"she was the only one who'd let me in. She'd tell me where the Indians were. I'd come home to her, and she'd clean me up, and she'd say how proud of me she was. She would let me hold her babies. She died in childbirth.\" Owen heard Abby's despair, the vision-misery she had shared with him so many months ago. Her sorrow tore his heart. Yet he was with her now. Didn't he make her happy? He knew he did. He made Abby happy. He made her really happy. But that didn't seem to make her unhappiness go away. Owen asked himself a strange question, one that had never before occurred to him: Could a person be happy and sad at the same time? The next night they drove to the chain a little before midnight. Abby picked him up, facing outward, and flew him to the nearest cluster of houses. They hovered over the development for several minutes, Owen matching the roads below with the map in his hand. Then Abby landed for a rest. They repeated this process four more times, giving Owen a total of five neighborhoods to hit on Friday. He felt rather uneasy about planning to rob people. But it was better than killing them, which was what he was trying to prevent. By the time they got back to the car, several hours remained until sunrise. Instead of getting behind the wheel, Abby handed the key to Owen and got in on the passenger side. A thrill of excitement rushed through Owen. He settled into the driver's seat and shut the door. His dad had let him start their car sometimes, so Owen knew how to do that much. He put the key in the ignition and got the engine going. Then he turned to Abby. \"We can't risk the headlights,\" she began. \"So you'll have to do your best by moonlight. The right pedal is gas, the left is the brake. Press the brake and use the gear shift to put the car in drive. Yes, like that.\" Owen released the brake. The Buick began inching down the road. He touched the gas pedal and the vehicle shot forward. He stepped on the brake, bringing them to a jerking halt. He repeated this process several times, accelerating and stopping in erratic fashion. \"Stupid car,\" he muttered. \"Excuse me?\" Abby protested. \"I learned on a Packard One Twenty. Manual everything. You've got power brakes, power steering, automatic transmission. There will be no whining.\" \"Humph,\" Owen said. He continued practicing, getting a feel for the pedals. They were so sensitive. And he had trouble reaching them, despite the seat being up as far as it could go. But he got better, the Buick crawling along in fits and starts. \"Alright,\" Abby said. \"Time to try a little speed. Nothing major, though, OK? We're on a one-lane road surrounded by trees. There's not a lot of room for error.\" A glint came into Owen's eye. His first time driving, he was going to do it right. He turned the radio on and found a rock station just as My Sharona started playing. He hit the gas and began bopping his head in time to the music. Getting chased by half the cops in the American Southwest; gorgeous, bad-ass, vampire girlfriend smiling at him; 300+ horsepower under the hood; jamming to The Knack; cruising down a dark road with no headlights. Life was good. He sped up. \"Not so fast!\" Abby cried out. \"Left! No, right!\" Owen slammed on the brakes, the car coming to a rest with the front bumper just barely touching an enormous aspen. Owen couldn't help himself: he laughed. \"First he's gonna shit, then he's gonna kill us,\" he quoted. Abby's face lit up. \"Fast Times at Ridgemont High,\" she declared, identifying the film. \"No dogs allowed in the shuttle, son. I'm afraid Scraps will have to be shot.\" \"Airplane,\" Owen replied, surprised that Abby knew movies. \"Take live tuna fish, and feed them mayonnaise.\" \"Night Shift,\" she answered. \"We're not having hot mush today. We're having cold mush.\" Owen didn't recognize this one. Abby quoted another line: \"Why any kid would want to be an orphan is beyond me.\" \"Annie,\" Owen said. \"Bring me four fried chickens and a Coke.\" This time Abby was stumped. \"Your women. I want to buy your women.\" He waited a moment, then added, \"Hey, boy, got my Cheez Whiz?\" Finally he burst out, \"Blues Brothers!\" \"Hey!\" Abby protested, slapping his arm. \"I was gonna to say that!\" She began tickling his stomach. Owen responded in kind, discovering that Abby was sensitive everywhere: abdomen, armpits, knees, feet, neck. He wondered how wise it was to tickle a hungry vampire, but he couldn't help himself. She was giggling uncontrollably, and soon Owen was, as well. He wasn't sure how it happened, but suddenly they found themselves in each other's arms. Owen's heart started racing. Abby took his right hand and pressed it against her chest. Owen could feel her heart pounding through her t-shirt. She leaned toward him and touched her forehead to his. Now is the perfect time to kiss her, Owen realized. He wanted to kiss her. He had to assume she wanted to be kissed. Certainly this moment begged for some kissing. But Owen didn't kiss her. They separated after a minute and Owen continued driving. He navigated the gravel slowly, mystified at why he hadn't given his girl a smooch. He glanced at her, saw that she was beaming at him. So she wasn't upset. That was good. He thought back to the encounter in the basement when he had tried to enter a blood pact instead of just making out. I didn't kiss her this time, either. But I didn't cause her to vamp. Early Friday Abby escorted Owen through the Santa Fe suburbs. Cars appeared twice, causing the fugitives to scurry off-road and hide in the brush. It was dangerous, walking the streets together, but Owen considered the risk minimal at this time of night. He compared the five neighborhoods they were studying to the map of Santa Fe. He wasn't really sure what he was looking for at three in the morning, but Owen's friends had made it clear he should case houses repeatedly before he tried to rob them. At one point Abby made a suggestion. \"I know you're thinking about ringing doorbells to see if anyone's home. But there's a better way.\" She paused for a moment and added, \"I'm getting hungry.\" This concerned Owen. \"Can you last another four days?\" he asked. \"I think so,\" she said. \"That's not what I mean. When I get hungry I can…sense prey. If I'm alone, I can open windows and tell if someone's home. At least I usually can.\" \"That's excellent,\" Owen decided. \"Surprising people is the biggest risk.\" \"I can't always be certain,\" Abby qualified. \"But I think it's better than ringing the bell.\" Upon completion of the scouting mission they found a decent patch of forest near the suburbs. Owen led the way into the middle of these woods and reminded Abby of his instructions. \"It can't be from around here. I know that's going to make it harder, but I can't have someone recognize it.\" \"I know,\" Abby said. She flew away. Owen sat against a tree and opened his duffle bag. Flashlight, map, radio, sawed-off shotgun, baseball cap, pocketknife, food, water, toilet paper, gloves, oven cleaner, hammer, towels, magazines, books. It was a lot of stuff, but he was about to spend all day in these woods. He wanted to be prepared. He pulled out the map and the flashlight again and tried to visualize the developments they had just walked through. Abby got back an hour later, bearing Owen's prize: a dirt bike suitable for the average thirteen-year-old. Owen thanked Abby, said goodbye, and let her head back to their hideout. He rolled one towel into a pillow, used another as a blanket, and tried to get some sleep. By breakfast he was awake. The ground was uncomfortable and he was cold, despite wearing three t-shirts and a hoodie. He stomped his feet to warm them, then opened a can of corned beef hash and ate it cold. Owen tuned the radio to Abby's station, but it wasn't long before he found himself getting sick of pop. The song Safety Dance was fun. And he liked Total Eclipse of the Heart, which he didn't understand but still wanted to share with Abby. Most of the music made him want to barf, though. He switched to classic rock. He spent some time studying women's hairstyles in the magazines he had stolen. One article even gave directions: How to Make a Pouf. He memorized the list of required items. Eventually he switched to The Fellowship of the Ring. He kept glancing at his watch. It wasn't even noon. It seemed like Abby slept a lot. She stayed in bed whenever the sun was up. Didn't that mean half the day? What was Owen supposed to do while she was sleeping? Should he try to match her routine? But even if he got all his sleep during daylight hours, that would still leave lots more time in which he was alone. He tried to read. His mind kept drifting. Eventually it got to be 2:30. He hung the towels on a tree to help him find the spot, returned everything else to the duffel, which he left in place. Owen put on the baseball cap, picked up his new bike, and rolled it to the edge of the woods. He emerged onto the road and went for a ride. Owen counted on four things to disguise him: the change in his appearance over the last six months, the baseball hat, the bicycle, and the fact that he was alone. He guessed that the last of these was the most important: everyone was expecting him and Abby to be together. It took Owen 100 minutes to explore all five neighborhoods, by the end of which he was beat. He didn't like what he had seen. There were too many children. There was too much traffic. He reminded himself that the situation would improve. People would go out to restaurants, movies, football games, parties. That was one reason he had waited until Friday: more empty houses. During his second tour Owen hit the jackpot. A family was loading suitcases into their van, a strong indicator they would be gone for the weekend, if not longer. A car sat in their open garage. Owen assumed they'd all be travelling in the van, leaving the other vehicle behind. He risked a second quick pass, trying not to stare. Then he headed back to his hideout in the woods. He had found what he was looking for. Abby arrived a half-hour after sunset. They flew immediately to what Owen had already dubbed the \"vacation home.\" After landing in the backyard, Owen let Abby begin inspecting the upstairs windows. The location was perfect. Lots of trees, no evidence of dogs. Abby couldn't find an unlocked window, so she went ahead and broke one. Owen didn't want to damage windows tonight if he could help it, but they had to make an exception here. This house was important. After a few minutes Abby gave the all-clear and lifted Owen into an upstairs bedroom. He did a quick inspection as he had done before. No people, no dogs. A fairly comprehensive alarm system, though. Unfortunately this included the door into the garage. Owen rooted around the kitchen with his gloved hands, eventually finding what he hoped was a spare key to the car. He took out his hammer and began smashing drywall. When the hole into the garage was big enough, Owen stepped through and got his first up-close look at the vehicle he hoped to steal. It was large, a Ford LTD, definitely big enough to carry all their stuff. Owen shined his flashlight into the driver-side window and smiled. The glass was tinted. The key opened the door. Owen got in and started the engine. They were in business. The two of them developed a routine as the evening progressed. While Abby scouted for unoccupied dwellings, Owen expanded the hole into the garage and searched the vacation home for valuables. When she was ready she would fly Owen to a group of houses she considered reasonable targets. He always entered through a second-story window. He never stayed for more than fifteen minutes. He never took more than he could fit in his duffle. Tonight was about one thing: seizing high-value items and getting the hell out. For the most part he restricted himself to five categories of loot: cash, jewelry, drugs, handguns, ammunition. The guys in juvie had taught him where to look, and he was amazed to discover the accuracy of their advice. People always seemed to hide money and weapons in the same places: under clothes, beneath mattresses, tucked away in closets. The jewelry sat in cases on bathroom counters and dresser tops, begging to be taken. Owen hoped that by not forcing entry, and by not making a mess, people might take some time to realize they had been burglarized. Just to be on the safe side, however, Owen hit no other houses in the neighborhood containing the vacation home. It wouldn't do to have police scoping the area right as they were trying to make their escape. At 10:30 Owen called it quits. He loaded everything into the LTD, grabbed a grocery bag containing the special items he had gathered, and had Abby fly him onto the vacation home's balcony. The balcony pleased Owen. No exterior fixtures were on, which together with the trees made the space safe from observation. He went to work. First he cut open a large plastic trash bag and spread it near the sliding glass doors. He set an outdoor chair on top of this. He cut a hole in another garbage bag and pulled it over his head like a parka. Finally he produced a pair of electric trimmers, plugged them into an exterior outlet, and asked Abby to cut his hair. The buzz took only a couple of minutes. Owen removed the bag from his shoulders and gestured Abby toward the chair. Her expression fell. \"Your hair is so beautiful,\" Owen professed. \"I don't want to mess it up. But it has to go, Abby. I'm really sorry.\" She relented and took a seat, clearly displeased. Owen covered her and organized his supplies: water, brush, scissors, blow-dryer, hairspray, and bobby pins. Owen ran his hand through Abby's hair. He had never actually done this before, and it made his fingers tingle. Owen shook his head and sighed. He had just robbed nine households. What he was about to do felt worse. Owen had Abby lean back. He wet her hair and smoothed it out. Then he began cutting. He made it as short as possible on the sides and back, tapering to about five inches on top. With the low light and his lack of experience he knew he was butchering it. He kept reminding himself that the goal was simply to make Abby look different than her police sketch. She didn't have to like it. She just had to be disguised. Liking it would certainly be nice, though. Owen wet her hair again and began blow-drying, using the brush to make it as frizzy as possible. As he continued to work he started to stroke interesting parts of Abby: her forehead, her ears, her neck. He brushed up against her shoulders. His heart was beating so fast he knew she could hear it. Owen put the blow-dryer down and switched to hairspray. Abby studied him with a gentle expression, her mood no longer sour. Owen fought against frustration. The hair just didn't want to stand up. He tried using the bobby pins, but kept getting it wrong. Abby leaned forward and touched the sides of Owen's waist. His hands started shaking and he didn't understand why. He felt like he was going to faint. He recognized the perfect opportunity to kiss Abby, but he was suddenly terrified of passing out. He stepped back and plopped into a deck chair. He waited for his head to clear. After a minute he picked up the grocery bag and handed it to Abby. \"I found you an outfit,\" he said. \"I hope you like it.\" \"Thank you,\" Abby said. She stood up and started undressing. It occurred to Owen that if he didn't do something, she was going to change right in front of him. He was all for seeing Abby naked, but this was just too much. He pushed himself up and hastened to the edge of the balcony, giving her some privacy. When she had finished changing, Owen gathered up everything he had brought outside, along with Abby's dirty clothes and the hair they had cut. He carried the bag to the Ford, activated the garage opener, and started the car. He pulled down the driveway and closed the garage, then gave his seat to Abby. They headed for the forest. \"If we're lucky the owners won't get back until Sunday evening at the earliest,\" Owen explained. \"By then we'll be across the Mississippi.\" Abby drove through the woods as quickly as she could. Now was the time for speed. They reached their campsite, jumped from the car, and loaded their gear into the back seat. Owen hesitated over the Buick, which Abby had buried in logs and brush. The vehicle was covered with their fingerprints. Owen debated burning it, decided not to. He turned to leave. Abby was leaning against the LTD, her hands behind her back. She wore white tennis shoes, blue designer jeans, and a fuzzy pink sweater with initials stenciled on the front. A gold pendant hung about her neck. Her short hair stuck up in what could only charitably be called a pouf. Owen took in the total package and thought he would die of excitement. She was so cute, so adorable, so irresistibly delicious. Owen knew what had to be done. He walked up to Abby, took her face in his hands, and kissed her on the lips. \"Let's go to New York,\" he said.[Chapter 7] Chapter 7: New York \"I want two adjoining rooms for a week,\" Owen announced. \"We rent by the hour,\" the night manager informed him. Owen placed a thousand dollars on the counter. \"A week,\" he insisted, picking up the keys and hastening outside. He led Abby from the car. She entered her room quickly and closed the door in Owen's face. Owen knew she couldn't last much longer. He slung his duffle over his head and went foraging for blood. He found a junkie two blocks away. Owen offered him $50 for a pint. The man motioned to an alley. When they got there the addict thrust out his arm. Owen produced the necessary equipment and got to work. Owen had studied a phlebotomy book during the drive to New York, but he had never inserted a real hypodermic into a real vein. He was terrified of sticking himself and getting hepatitis, or worse yet, the new disease called AIDS. Fortunately Owen's customer knew how to handle a needle. Blood started flowing through a plastic tube into the attached bag. Another junkie appeared. Owen made him the same offer, which was promptly accepted. A third man joined them, and a fourth. Within a couple of minutes Owen was being mobbed. Everyone started clamoring for his money. Owen realized these men weren't going to wait on the donation process. They were simply going to overwhelm him by force and take what he had. He considered the weapons hidden in his duffle, but what good did they really do him? Dispersing this crowd with gunfire would attract police attention. And the whole purpose in coming to New York was to disappear. Owen plucked some twenties from his pocket, threw them into the air, and ran. He hurried to the hotel. He had just lost $500, and didn't have a single pint to show for it. He considered doing business from his car. Perhaps if he was in a vehicle he could control the number of people he was dealing with. It would be risky, though. The stolen Lincoln's North Carolina plates would stand out. And how many white thirteen-year-olds cruised around the hood at midnight? As Owen approached the parking lot he discovered two nearly-naked women standing on the corner. He went up to them and got straight to the point. \"I'll pay you each fifty dollars for a pint of blood.\" \"Say what?\" one of the women replied. \"Make it a hundred,\" Owen pressed. She put a hand on her hip and gave Owen a skeptical examination. \"What you up to, child?\" Owen pulled two hundred dollars from his duffle and showed it off. \"I've got money, and I want to spend it.\" The lady shrugged. \"Talk to the manager,\" she said, pointing to a Cadillac idling behind the hotel. Owen walked over to the car, cash in hand. Two men got out: the black driver, enormous like a football player, and a skinny pimp dressed in the most ridiculous clothes Owen had ever seen. \"I need twelve pints of blood,\" Owen said. \"I'll pay one hundred dollars per pint. I hope you've got twelve girls, because I've got twelve hundred dollars.\" Owen squatted on the pavement, withdrew more twenties from his duffle, displayed the currency. Then he started pulling out guns and arranging them on the ground. The men took a step back when they saw the weaponry. \"Since this is our first time doing business,\" Owen continued, \"I'll throw in a piece for free. Except this one,\" he added, picking up the sawed-off shotgun and slinging it over his shoulder. \"This one's mine.\" \"You crazy, boy?\" the pimp asked. \"Yes,\" Owen said. \"You want the cops on you? Put that sh- away.\" \"Not until you take one,\" Owen insisted. The pimp reached down and plucked a .45 from the macadam. He popped the clip, reinserted it, and loaded a round into the chamber. \"Guns, guns, guns,\" Owen said with a smile. He passed the man six hundred dollars. \"I'm in room 114. Send the girls at fifteen-minute intervals, three or four at a time. When I have twelve pints you get the balance.\" \"What you gonna do with all that blood, boy?\" the pimp asked. \"Does it matter?\" Owen replied. He packed the remaining weapons, hustled to his room, and set up shop. Within a few minutes the driver was at his door with the two prostitutes who'd been waiting on the street. Owen sat them on the bed and started rooting for veins. He felt awful about the pain he must be causing, but the women didn't seem to mind. Once he got flow started, Owen let the blood drip into three 2-liter bottles he had washed out in advance. Donors rotated through. Several knew how to find a blood vessel, which helped a lot. Owen had raided four doctors' offices in Charlotte, so he had a variety of collection systems to work with. He started experimenting with different-sized needles. The final group of women included one who couldn't be older than twelve or thirteen. Her similarity to Abby struck Owen at once. Not her overall appearance – she was well-developed, with dark brown hair and too much makeup. What reminded him of Abby was the look on the girl's face: gloomy, empty, haunted. The expression confused Owen. Abby looked this way because she had killed people. Had this prostitute killed people, too? Owen tried to start a conversation: \"Your…manager. What's his name?\" \"Toast,\" the girl replied, not bothering to look Owen's way. \"And the big guy?\" \"That's Slim.\" \"I'm Chase,\" Owen offered. Now the girl did look at him. \"Lisa,\" she said after a moment's pause. Owen couldn't help himself. \"Why are you here?\" he asked. \"Why are you here?\" she responded, her voice weary. Owen considered this for a minute. \"I killed a boy in juvie,\" he answered. \"I had to run.\" \"Yeah, right.\" Someone knocked on the door. Owen got up and looked through the peephole, saw Slim waiting. Owen let the man in. He was alone. \"That's only ten,\" Owen protested. \"Can't get any more,\" Slim said. Owen handed over four hundred dollars. \"One hundred dollars per pint,\" he reminded the driver. \"That was the deal.\" Slim counted the money and led the prostitutes out of the room. Owen locked the deadbolt. As best Owen could tell, Abby normally ate full-grown men. His phlebotomy book said an adult male contained twelve pints of blood. Owen had ten. He had made Abby wait for so long. He really wanted to make sure she got what she needed. He opened a fresh needle and tapped his left arm, adding his own blood until the bottles were full. Owen felt dizzy, but he couldn't stop now. He knocked on the door joining his room to Abby's. \"Are you ready?\" he whispered. A crack appeared. Owen slid the bottles through. The door slammed shut. Owen crawled into bed and passed out. He awoke before noon with a terrible headache. He drank four cups of water, then stumbled to the car and brought in their stuff. He ate a pound of candy, but it didn't help. Owen walked to McDonalds, devoured six cheeseburgers. He returned to his room and went back to sleep. When he arose again he found Abby sitting on his bed. The transformation in her mood was remarkable: beaming, bouncing, mouth-watering. She had showered and put on fresh clothes. Owen became aware of his body odor. He hadn't bathed since Santa Fe. He disappeared into the bathroom, drank what had to be a gallon of water, and emerged a half-hour later clean and eager to explore. \"Let's have some fun,\" he said. They strolled to dinner, a giant ferris wheel looming just a few blocks away. On the way they stopped at a hair salon. Abby disappeared inside, leaving Owen on the sidewalk to get his first real look at Coney Island. Owen had heard of the ghetto, the slum, the hood. This was his first time standing in one. What struck him as most unusual was the swarm of people, some going quickly about their business, others hanging out with no apparent purpose. So many were black! There had been black boys in juvie, of course, but not like this. Boom boxes and passing cars blared street music. Bars protected most of the first-floor windows, although a number of structures seemed abandoned. Trash lay in piles everywhere. The smells were unfamiliar and rank. Abby finally emerged from the salon, her hair done right. They walked to Nathan's, got seated in a booth, ordered food. Owen asked Abby if she'd ever been to New York. \"General Washington escaped Long Island,\" she said. \"The British took the city.\" Owen wasn't sure he had heard this right. \"You mean George Washington?\" he asked. \"Things were…easy then. People expected the wounded to die.\" Owen did the math. Independence Day was July 4, 1776. Today was September 14, 1983. \"You're more than two hundred years old,\" he concluded. Abby stared at the table. \"It's all in pieces,\" she explained. \"I can picture uniforms, weapons, officers. Events are jumbled. There's the Continental Army. There's the Army of Northern Virginia. I can't keep them straight.\" \"You're not the only one,\" Owen said. \"Did you ever meet George Washington?\" \"I don't think so. He fought the Indians. I remember that better than the other stuff he did.\" The hot dogs and French fries arrived. Owen ate his. Then he ate Abby's. He drank both sodas, too. Abby watched him patiently, hands pressed against her cheeks. How perfect it was to see her smile! The Cyclone roller coaster cost $1.50. Abby reached for the sky and screamed as loud as everyone else, although Owen figured she wasn't really scared. They waited in line for the Wonder Wheel, had their turn getting stuck at its maximum height. Some other time the view of the Atlantic Ocean might have impressed Owen. Right now he didn't care. He turned toward Abby and started caressing her face. She responded by wrapping her arms around his neck. They made out on top of the world. The next night Owen and Abby took the bus to downtown Brooklyn, where they watched Return of the Jedi. During the ride back Owen lamented how the Star Wars series had concluded. \"I hate those stupid Ewoks,\" he declared. \"I'm going to hunt George Lucas and kill him. I hope you'll help.\" \"I thought they were cute,\" Abby said. \"Ugh!\" They exited the bus just a block from the Wonder Wheel. \"Hey,\" Owen said, \"want to go for a walk on the beach?\" Abby's demeanor changed. \"No, thank you,\" she said softly. \"Oh, come on,\" Owen insisted. \"It'll be fun.\" He tried to take Abby's hand, but she wouldn't budge. \"What's the matter?\" he asked. Abby glanced in the ocean's direction. \"There's no cover,\" she said. \"Huh?\" \"It's an open field of fire,\" she clarified. \"I see,\" Owen replied. He had no idea what she was talking about. \"Why are you afraid of things?\" he eventually asked. \"Don't you basically live forever?\" Abby waited a while before responding. \"I think sunlight could kill me,\" she suggested. \"I know it burns me. I avoid it no matter what. Maybe I could starve to death, or bleed to death. I have strong…survival instincts. Does that mean I can die?\" \"I hope not. You've lived for so long. I think it's great.\" This seemed to upset Abby. She refused to discuss the matter further. But she did want to see the eleven o'clock news. They hastened to her room and turned on the TV Owen had bought that afternoon. While Abby watched her program, he set up a folding table and poured out a thousand piece puzzle. He plugged in his new boom box and tuned quietly through the New York stations, finding the ones that sounded promising. By the time the news was over Abby's mood had improved. She and Owen sat side-by-side and began building the puzzle's edges. Owen identified artists as their songs played on the radio: Styx, Foreigner, Blondie, Tom Petty, The Cars. Abby seemed unimpressed. She threatened to change the channel. \"You just have to give rock a chance,\" Owen insisted. \"I saw Buddy Holly in concert, thank you very much.\" \"Who's Buddy Holly?\" They settled on a compromise. Even hours, Abby got to pick the music; odd hours, Owen. By three o'clock they were snuggling on the bed, Abby tucked up inside Owen's arms. She called it the \"spoon position.\" She even said, \"Let's spoon.\" She seemed to like spooning a lot. Owen woke up about noon. He sensed Abby in the next room, wondered what time she had gone to sleep. She hadn't written him a note, but there was no need. He knew not to disturb her. He took a shower and fiddled with The Fellowship of the Ring . He had liked The Hobbit . This book was boring. He put the novel down and peaked out his window. Toast's girls were starting to gather in the parking lot. Owen went outside and found Lisa. She looked like she had slept in an alley. Owen figured she probably had. \"Hey,\" he said. \"Wanna grab some lunch?\" A voice interrupted: \"Beat it, kid.\" Owen turned around to discover a large woman hovering over him. \"I'd like to spend some time with Lisa,\" Owen informed her. \"She's on the clock,\" the woman replied. Owen handed over two hundred dollars. \"I want her till five,\" he said. The woman put the money in her purse and crossed the street. \"You better have her back on time,\" she yelled. Owen headed to McDonald's, Lisa trailing along. \"Who was that?\" Owen asked. \"Rosie?\" Lisa replied. \"She's bottom girl. She helps Toast run the business.\" In the restaurant Owen bought ten cheeseburgers, then watched in amazement as Lisa ate seven of them. He had never seen a girl consume so much in a single meal. Except for Abby, of course. \"Toast and his boys are in the Crazy Homicides,\" Lisa explained. \"That is one gang you do not want to screw with. Things are tense with the Russians trying to move on Coney. They say that bag of yours is packed with heat. I'd keep it close, if I were you.\" Owen considered the duffle resting on his lap. It contained his shotgun, a box of 00 shells, three thousand dollars, a spare baseball cap, and two oversized beach towels. The handguns were stashed in Abby's bathroom. He waited until lunch was finished, then made his proposal. \"I need a bottom girl,\" he announced. \"Someone who can help me run my business.\" Lisa stared at him, saying nothing. Owen could tell she thought he was full of crap. \"I'm in Brooklyn to obtain blood,\" Owen continued. \"I need a minimum of twelve pints every two weeks. The Red Cross makes people wait eight weeks between donations. If I follow their pattern, that's two months before I can get more blood from your friends. So I'll have to establish relationships with other pimps. At least four, I think. \"I need someone to go around town and make contacts, help me set up my network. And I need a place to unload my car. I need a place to buy another car with a legal registration. I need info on what pawn shops are best for fencing jewelry. I need fake ID's.\" \"Toast would never let me do all that,\" Lisa objected. \"I will pay him for your time,\" Owen replied. \"And I will pay you extra on the side.\" \"Why can't you do it yourself?\" \"The more people I meet, the more dangerous things will get for us. I'm trying to hide. But I have to have blood.\" Owen pulled out three hundred dollars and placed it on the table. \"This is for you,\" he said, \"to let you know I'm serious. I really need a helper. I'd like it to be you.\" Eight days later Toast pulled up just as Owen and Abby were getting into their new Chevy. \"Hey, Chase, where to?\" the pimp asked. \"Gonna rob some houses in Stuart Manor,\" Owen answered. \"No shit.\" Owen laid on the back seat and covered himself with a sleeping bag. Abby put the Chevy in gear and headed out of Brooklyn. Nothing frightened Owen more than driving. The problem, of course, was that there was simply no way he or Abby could ever pass for sixteen. They possessed a car that wasn't stolen. They carried fake driver's licenses that displayed their pictures. They wore sweatshirts bearing the names of local high schools. But no matter how good their disguises, a cop who saw either of them behind the wheel would start asking questions. Abby would have to kill him. Because of the danger involved in driving, Owen couldn't case his targets in advance. He soon realized it didn't matter. Abby granted him access to second floor windows, she could sense if dogs or people were present, she kept watch from above, she guaranteed clean getaways. Owen would enter residences carrying a backpack, a flashlight, a can of oven cleaner, and an air horn. Abby kept an air horn, too. After filling his backpack with valuables in one location, Owen would have Abby fly him to their car, where he stuffed the loot into a suitcase. Then they would head back out for more. As the night wore on Owen started taking greater risks. They struck houses with highly sophisticated alarm systems, ones that included wires on upper level windows and motion detectors in the bedrooms. Owen grabbed the jewelry and got out, confident that Abby's ability to fly would defeat even the fastest police response. By the time they called it quits and started back to Brooklyn, Owen was confident their three suitcases contained at least $100,000 in gold, gems, cash, and firearms. Owen felt guilty robbing people. It didn't matter how rich his victims were. He was violating their space and stealing their stuff. At the same time, Owen found crime to be thrilling. Breaking into dark, unknown dwellings was such a rush. He wished they could hit more houses, just so he could keep feeling that surge of excitement. They made it to their hotel about two hours before sunrise. Owen helped Abby carry the suitcases from the car, then returned to the parking lot. He found Rosie, paid her some money, and led Lisa to the hotel room he had rented for her. Once inside, Owen pulled out his phlebotomy text and a box of blood-drawing supplies. \"Veins in the arms are simplest,\" Owen explained, pointing to illustrations in the book. \"It helps if some of them shoot up. They can show you how to do it. Remember, you don't have to do the punctures yourself. You just have to watch them happen. From the time the first drop falls into a bottle until the time you deliver it to my door, no more than an hour can pass. That's the key idea you always have to keep in mind: fresh blood. It has to be fresh. Old blood does no good. I'll just have to throw it away.\" Owen picked up a two-liter bottle. \"A pint is about five hundred milliliters. That means four pints will fill this bottle. You should fill bottle number one completely, then two, then three. That way we'll know which blood is oldest and which is freshest.\" He displayed a hard plastic container for the disposal of medical waste. \"Some of the blood will have diseases. Wearing gloves will help, but it's not enough. A needle will be most dangerous after you withdraw it from a donor. If you stick yourself with it you can get whatever diseases they have. Treat it like a live bomb. Get it into the sharps box and never touch it again.\" Slim arrived at the door with two girls who had not donated the previous week. Owen let Lisa draw their blood, watching to make sure she followed the written procedures. Then he took the fruit of Lisa's labors and headed down the hall. He entered his room. Abby greeted him with a smile. \"I know you must be hungry,\" Owen began, pulling the present from his bag. \"I brought you a snack to hold you over.\" When Abby saw what Owen was carrying, her smile vanished. She changed to her vampiric form, snatched the container from Owen's hands, and drained the liter of blood in seconds. \"More,\" she demanded in a husky voice, stomping her foot. \"More!\" Owen had seen Abby like this once before. He was terrified she was going to bolt from the room and attack someone. If Abby ate a random hooker in the parking lot, Alvirez would track them down. They'd have to flee New York. He grabbed a blood kit as quickly as he could, broke the seal, and opened a vein in his arm. \"No,\" the monster begged, but then she took the plastic tube in her mouth and started sucking. Owen settled onto the floor and leaned his head on the bed. The room began to spin. At some point Abby stopped. Owen withdrew the needle and threw it aside. Abby buried her face in her hands and began sobbing. She shook her head violently. Owen reached out a hand to comfort her, but she jerked away. She hugged herself and rocked back and forth, utterly inconsolable. Her crying grew into wailing. She fled to her room. Owen wanted to go after her. He wanted to tell her that everything was OK. He stayed where he was and blacked out. Owen spent the next day in bed, shaking uncontrollably. He imagined the cracks in the ceiling were dancing. He drooled into both sides of his pillow. He had never felt so awful. When Abby woke up she made Owen drink Coke until he had to go the bathroom. She brought food and fed it to him. She obtained extra blankets. She moved the TV. She cried on his chest. By the following afternoon Owen had started to improve. Lisa arrived, and he gave her what she needed: bottles, needles, two thousand dollars. When his \"bottom girl\" returned at 2:30AM, Owen made Abby leave. Lisa produced nine units of blood: two bottles completely full, another containing a single pint. It would have to do. Owen pushed Abby's dinner into her room and shut the door. \"What do you mean you've never been to the beach?\" Owen asked. \"It's only five blocks away.\" Lisa shrugged. \"A lot of girls never make it there.\" \"Today's your day,\" Owen insisted. They turned right at the next intersection. Owen led Lisa over the boardwalk and onto the sand. The sun was still warm. He took off his shoes and socks and splashed in the waves. Lisa watched him, but she didn't go in. Owen bought two plates of funnel cakes. They munched on the food while strolling east toward Brighton, hot grease burning their fingers. The Wonder Wheel receded slowly behind them. \"I have a girlfriend,\" Owen announced. \"I saw you with her the other night,\" Lisa said. \"You did?\" Lisa nodded. \"She's pretty. What's her name?\" Owen lifted a sleeve and showed off his tattoo. \"I did it in juvie. That was five months we were apart. It was really hard.\" \"I've never had a boyfriend,\" Lisa confessed. They walked in silence until a sign declared they were entering Brighton Beach. They turned around and headed back to Coney. \"We go to the movies a lot,\" Owen continued. \"We saw Risky Business last night. She likes old musicals, though, so sometimes I have to see those.\" \"Like what?\" \"The King and I. My Fair Lady. Seven Brides for Seven Brothers. There's more I can't remember. I can tell she's seen them a bunch of times. But she really likes seeing them again.\" Lisa started singing: I'm singing in the rain Just singing in the rain What a glorious feeling I'm happy again \"Yeah, that was one,\" Owen said. \"She wanted me to jump on a lamppost.\" \"Did you?\" \"Yes,\" Owen admitted. \"Good,\" Lisa asserted. \"When your girlfriend wants you to jump on a lamppost, you should jump on a lamppost.\" \"She's sick,\" Owen whispered. He came to a halt, wet sand squishing between his toes. \"That's why she can't come out during the day. That's why she needs blood. I'm trying to make her better.\" \"Blood makes her better?\" \"No, it's not that. I mean I'm trying to make her happier.\" \"Then why'd you bring her here? Everyone in Brooklyn is miserable.\" \"We have to be here. We can only buy blood from…\" His voice trailed off. \"From hookers. Swell. You ever think about going to a hospital?\" \"It's not like that,\" Owen said. \"Doctors can't help her.\" \"And you can?\" \"I think so. I hope so. She's sad all the time. I mean even when she's happy she's sad.\" And sometimes she looks as bad as you do , Owen added to himself. But he didn't say it out loud. \"I gave her a present last week,\" Owen continued. \"It made her really upset. She cried for so long. But she wouldn't talk about it. She won't talk about it. I don't understand her.\" \"Have you ever had a girlfriend before?\" \"No.\" \"Do you have any sisters?\" \"No.\" \"Women are complicated. They have emotions that men don't have. Or at least it seems that way. Women think differently. They feel differently. I like women. I don't like men. Present company excepted, of course.\" Owen looked down at Lisa's feet. \"Why did you choose this?\" \"Why did you choose to be a burglar?\" \"Because of Abby.\" \"Because of Abby,\" Lisa repeated, her tone sarcastic. \"You love her, Chase? Is that it? You do it all for love?\" \"I would die for her,\" Owen insisted. \"What's so special about that?\" Lisa challenged. \"Everyone dies.\" Owen returned to his room just before Abby woke up. She knocked on their adjoining door. \"Can I come in?\" she asked. \"You can come in,\" Owen answered. Abby entered and started bouncing on Owen's bed. \"What movie you wanna see tonight?\" \"What did I do wrong?\" Owen demanded. \"I gave you my blood so you wouldn't freak out. Don't you remember what happened to Virginia?\" Abby grew still. \"I'm sorry,\" she said. \"I need to understand,\" he pressed. \"Why did it make you so upset?\" She approached Owen and touched his face. \"I can't hurt you. I can't.\" \"It hurts me when you don't talk to me. Tell me, please. What did I do wrong?\" Abby went back to the bed and sighed. She wouldn't look Owen in the eye. \"It's better not to eat at all than only eat a little,\" she finally explained. \"So small meals are out? Snacks are out?\" Abby nodded. \"See, that's really helpful. I need to know that. Thank you. What else can you tell me?\" \"Owen, can't we talk about something else?\" \"Ugh!\" Owen blurted. \"I'm your boyfriend. I'm trying to help you. But I need you to…talk to me. Even about stuff you don't want to talk about.\" The distant look was on Abby's face in full force. She sat there, staring into space, saying nothing. They never made it to the movies. \"Toast doesn't like how much time I'm spending with you,\" Lisa informed Owen. \"I'll pay him more,\" Owen said. \"The hotel manager doesn't like my friends staying here,\" she added. \"I'll pay him more.\" Lisa spread a large map of New York on her bed. She started marking intersections with a red pen. \"I've purchased blood in Brighton Beach, East New York, Bushwick, and Williamsburg,\" she explained. \"I've made additional contacts in Bed-Stuy and here in Coney Island. I'm thinking we could also expand into Queens and Lower Manhattan if we have to.\" Owen nodded. \"I wish you could get twelve pints at a shot.\" Lisa raised her hands. \"The problem is the freshness requirement. The girls take turns donating. By the time I get to seven or eight pints I have to run.\" \"So we move to the weekly schedule. Hopefully eight pints once a week will work as well as twelve pints every other week.\" \"I don't really understand,\" Lisa admitted. \"Sixteen is more than twelve.\" \"She seems to require a certain minimum amount every time she feeds,\" Owen said. \"I think four pints is the minimum to clear her bloodlust. It takes eight pints to really change her mood. I always make sure she gets at least eight pints.\" \"What about the times I brought you seven?\" \"I added my own to make up the difference.\" Lisa pondered this. \"Your girlfriend's got issues,\" she concluded. Owen couldn't argue with that. He hated guessing at what Abby needed. She had told him she could only consume fresh blood. But what did that mean? Warm? Clean? Tasty? And how much, exactly, did she require? Eight pints every week ought to satisfy her. Owen didn't really know, though. Maybe she preferred to glut herself. Maybe she needed to glut herself. Lisa switched to a blue marker and began circling neighborhoods. \"You've hit houses in Stuart Manor, Munsey Park, and Old Field. I'm thinking you should change your pattern, try something other than Long Island.\" \"We need to stay close,\" Owen said. \"Driving is the biggest risk we take.\" \"Well. Since we're on the topic of risk management, a gun you stole got used in a robbery last week.\" \"So?\" Owen asked. \"So guns have serial numbers. They're easy to trace. You shouldn't have me passing them out to every person I meet.\" \"It's a good way to get someone's attention.\" \"It's a good way to get arrested. Stick to jewelry. Leave the guns where you find them.\" Owen pursed his lips, but said nothing. Lisa was right. He didn't need to take the guns. Actually, he didn't need to take anything. Over a quarter of a million dollars now lined Abby's bathtub. It was a nuisance to carry all that cash when they went out together, but there was no getting around the money-hoard's significance: they didn't have to keep tripping into the suburbs. He wondered if he was getting too used to danger. There had been close calls. He broke into a supposedly unoccupied home, only to hear someone stumbling about the kitchen. A pawn shop he frequented got raided by the police. Seven of Toast's girls got arrested in a vice sweep. Perhaps he and Abby were staying too long in Brooklyn. It might make sense to move to another city – Boston, perhaps, or Philadelphia. But Coney Island wielded a huge advantage: amusement parks. White teenagers were always on the streets. Owen and Abby blended in. Plus Owen had built his network. He looked at the map, considered all the hard work he and Lisa had done over the last eight weeks. If they switched locations, the network-building process would have to be repeated from scratch. \"Hey, Chase, still with me?\" \"Right,\" Owen said, trying to focus. \"How's Carlos working out?\" \"He knows the streets,\" Lisa said. \"Next time I'm going to have him draw the blood.\" \"Is it true what they're saying about Gina?\" Lisa's voice turned angry. \"Just 'cause she turned up dead doesn't mean she OD'd. Over a hundred working girls have been killed in New York this year.\" \"Is that why I'm able to get away with it? So many girls are getting murdered the police don't care about them selling their blood?\" \"They don't care about us at all,\" Lisa replied. Owen shook his head. He had said hi to Gina just three days ago. Brooklyn might possess what he needed, but that didn't make him hate it any less. So much poverty and dirt and desperation. And Owen wasn't helping things any. He especially hated how he was taking advantage of the girls. He was using their bodies, just like any other paying John. The uncleanness of it drained him. But Abby had now gone two months without killing anyone. That was the core definition of success in this venture. Owen had given her a new life. A life without murder. A life without death. If he kept at it, Abby's spirits were sure to improve. He just had to persevere. Owen rubbed his eyes, wishing for some coffee. Abby would be awake soon, and she would want to go out. All Owen wanted to do was go to bed. It had become a problem recently, the constant fatigue. He didn't even read anymore. He just zoned out in bed. The extra rest didn't seem to help, though. \"What's your real name?\" \"Huh?\" Owen said. He had faded out again. \"Your real name,\" she repeated. \"Owen,\" he told her. \"What's yours?\" \"Would you go back if you could?\" Lisa asked. \"New Mexico doesn't really want me.\" \"But if you could . Imagine waking up in your own room. Going to school. Doing homework. Playing volleyball. Imagine it, Owen. Imagine going back.\" Owen shrugged. He didn't want to go back. But did he want to stay? Did he want to live the rest of his life in this slum, stealing and hiding and scrounging for blood? He excused himself and went to the bathroom. When Owen returned he found Lisa sitting on the bed, her knees tucked beneath her chin. She had wrapped her arms around her legs. She did not seem aware that Owen was in the room. The look in her eyes was horrible: vacant, abject despair. Owen realized he was seeing Lisa alone, or at least when she thought she was alone. He had never seen Abby like this, in a moment when she thought no one else was present. Is this what Abby looked like when I was in juvie? Is this what Abby looks like after I fall asleep? Owen crept from Lisa's room with fresh resolve. He would try harder. He would do more. He would watch Abby's movies. He would listen to Madonna. He would spoon for three hours every night. He would make sure his girlfriend never, ever caused the death of another human being. Whatever it takes, however long it takes, I will heal Abby's soul. Owen emerged from the pawn shop with fifteen thousand dollars in his bag. Lisa had been keeping watch outside. The two of them hooked up and walked to the bus stop. \"We've cleared over two hundred thousand from Thanksgiving weekend,\" Owen informed her. \"Guess I'll have to give you a bonus.\" \"Don't get carried away,\" Lisa warned. \"How much you putting out each week? It's gotta be a lot.\" \"Let's see,\" Owen said. \"3K to Toast. 2K to the hotel. A thousand to you. Another to Carlos and the drivers. Then a thousand for blood, of course. Call it eight thousand per week.\" \"That's a lot of cash you're burning through.\" \"It's all about the jewelry,\" Owen explained. \"A single house can yield ten, twenty thousand dollars. Sometimes even more.\" \"You know, sooner or later burglars always get caught.\" \"They don't have Abby.\" The bus took them to Coney. They got off and headed for the hotel. \"I've haven't heard you mention the movies lately,\" Lisa commented. \"I keep falling asleep,\" Owen confessed. \"It's kind of embarrassing. It's all I ever do.\" \"You're like an old married couple.\" Owen winced. \"We had another fight,\" he said. \"Something stupid. It just annoys me that she sleeps so much. It annoys me she doesn't mind being in this place. I mean look at it. It's awful. But she doesn't even notice where she is.\" \"Maybe she's in love,\" Lisa suggested. \"I don't know,\" Owen continued. \"I keep expecting something. Some change. Some difference. Nothing I do seems to matter. I don't even know if she appreciates me.\" Lisa stopped. \"Do you love her, Owen?\" \"Yes. Of course I do.\" \"Do you tell her you love her?\" Owen considered this. He couldn't remember if he had ever actually spoken the words. \"Promise me,\" Lisa urged. \"Promise me you'll tell her you love her.\" Two teenagers appeared in front of them. \"Hey, boy,\" one of them said, pointing at Owen's bag. \"What you got?\" Owen had long since upgraded from his old Remington. He whipped out a PGS-10 tactical shotgun and aimed it at the speaker's center of mass. \"I got buckshot, bitch,\" he said. \"What you got?\" The two would-be attackers ran off. \"Yeah, that's right,\" Owen yelled after them. \"Sissies!\" Lisa grabbed Owen's hand and led him down an alley. \"Put that thing away,\" she demanded. \"What do you think you're doing?\" Owen shrugged. After killing a man with his bare teeth, chasing off a couple of street punks didn't seem like that big a deal. The next instant Owen's legs gave out beneath him. Lisa caught him as he fell. \"You wear too much perfume,\" he said. Then he fainted. Owen woke up to find himself lying on an examination table. An IV fed blood into his right arm. Lisa stood up from a chair and went to the door. \"He's awake,\" she announced. He panicked at the thought of being in a hospital. But Lisa would never do something that stupid. Owen studied the room. It looked like a doctor's office. A man in a white coat entered, carrying a file. \"Hello, Chase,\" he said, \"I'm Doctor Rowse. Do you know why you're here?\" \"We were on the street,\" Owen recalled. \"That's the last thing I remember.\" \"You had an episode of syncope,\" the doctor informed him. \"That means you fainted.\" He examined Owen's eyes, face, and hands. \"Is your skin normally this color?\" \"Huh?\" \"There's a pallor to your skin. It's not healthy. Have you been sick? Do you have any other symptoms?\" \"I don't know. I don't think so.\" Lisa interrupted. \"He's tired all the time,\" she said. \"Do you have hemophilia?\" the doctor asked. \"No,\" Owen answered. Doctor Rowse opened his chart. \"Your tests say you're anemic. Do you know what that means?\" \"No.\" \"Have you had a recent injury in which you lost a lot of blood?\" Owen glanced at his left arm. He wondered if the doctor could notice the puncture marks. \"They say there's someone on the street paying cash for blood,\" the doctor said. \"If you've been doing that it would explain your scores. Your red blood cell count is way down. You're receiving a unit now, but that's all I can give you. You need to be in a hospital. You need a transfusion.\" \"The body replaces blood in a day,\" Owen argued. \"Your body replaces blood volume in a day,\" Doctor Rowse clarified. \"But it's red blood cells that actually carry oxygen to your tissues. After you lose a pint of blood it takes your body at least four to six weeks to replace the red blood cells. And that's your problem. You don't have enough. You need to go to the hospital.\" \"We can't do that,\" Lisa said. \"Alright,\" the doctor said. \"Then at least get as much rest as you can. Eat food high in iron. Red meat, especially, but also green leafy vegetables. Start taking a multivitamin with iron. Get extra iron pills, too. Take them three times a day. And for God's sake, whatever you do don't lose any more blood.\" The doctor blathered on, trading information and advice with Lisa. Hemoglobin, hematocrit, mean corpuscular volume – none of it made sense. But in the midst of all the medical jargon, Owen managed to figure out one thing quite clearly: he was killing himself. Owen spent the next two weeks in bed. Lisa nursed him during the day. Abby nursed him at night. He didn't tell Abby what was wrong with him, and Abby didn't ask. She fed Owen, and snuggled with him, and made him take his vitamins. Lisa purchased some medical textbooks. She read to Owen each afternoon, and he slowly came to understand the depth of his folly. The word \"volume\" meant how much total space a fluid took up. Just because he had enough blood volume didn't mean he had enough blood. Or enough of what he needed in his blood, anyway. Blood was a complex substance. There were different types, apparently, and you couldn't give one type to a person who had another type. Except O-negative. That was called universal donor. Red cells were blood's most important component. They were suspended in a fluid called plasma. After a person donated blood, the body quickly replaced the plasma. But red cells were produced in the bone marrow, and this process took time. Owen wondered what part of the blood Abby actually digested. Was it the red cells, the plasma, or both? Owen decided that on donation nights he should contract with two different pimps at the same time. That way if each produced even as little as four or five pints, the total would still be enough for that evening. He informed Lisa of his new plan. She agreed it was a good idea, although they would have to hire a second bottom girl to make it work. Owen woke up on Christmas day to find that he was alone. He swallowed some vitamins and ate a bag of beef jerky. Then he went in search of Lisa. She didn't answer her door, so Owen used his key and entered. Lisa lay motionless on her bed. The air reeked of blood. It took Owen a moment to realize what he was seeing. Then he was on top of Lisa, slapping her face and shaking her shoulders. Her flesh was cold. Colder than Abby's. \"No,\" he shouted. \"No, no, no!\" He realized Lisa's wrists had been cut. Her blood had saturated the mattress, and now it soaked up into Owen's jeans. He got off the bed and started throwing things. At some point he discovered an envelope with the name \"Owen\" written on the outside. He pulled out a letter and read. He had never touched Lisa before, but now he couldn't stop. He kept stroking her face and her arm, trying to wake her up. He collapsed on the floor. For a long time he sat there, staring at Lisa's dead body, crumpling and rereading the note she had left him. Eventually he roused himself. He returned to his room, got cleaned up, and loaded the car. He let Abby in a little after sunset. \"Where is everything?\" she asked. \"Have you ever eaten without killing?\" Owen demanded. Abby took a step back, looking like she had just been punched. \"In all your time alive, have you ever gotten blood this way? In a way that doesn't result in the death of other people?\" Abby took another step back and shook her head. \"Why isn't it helping?\" Owen shouted. \"I don't want this,\" Abby said. Owen was at a loss. Alvirez' words came to him: Does Abby want to kill people? Does Abby like to kill people? Abby despised what she did. She despised herself. That's why she wouldn't talk to Owen. She was ashamed. \"You're changing,\" Abby added. \"I'm doing this for you,\" Owen shot back. \"Don't you care?\" But that was the problem: Abby didn't care. It's not working, Owen realized. He wanted to make Abby better. What did that even mean? Was he going to make her happy? Healthy? Whole? Could you heal a vampire? Could you make a vampire whole? What was he really trying to accomplish? Owen packed up their remaining stuff and drove them to a hotel in Brighton Beach. He checked Abby in, then walked fifteen blocks to a pay phone. He dialed 911. \"There's a dead girl at the Salty Breeze Hotel in Coney Island,\" he informed the dispatcher. \"Room 122. Her street name's Lisa. Her real name is Caroline Tanner. She's from the Bronx.\" Owen hung up. Owen took a detour on his way back to the hotel. He stepped over winos, over needles and trash and human waste. He broke down in tears, grief crushing him into the alley's filth. The sound of his crying echoed off the walls. The ghetto didn't care. On New Year's Day Owen waited in his room for Carlos. Owen had a package prepared: needles and cash to be used in the evening's collection. It was already four o'clock in the afternoon. The man was late. And Abby was hungry. They had been laying low since Lisa's death, but they couldn't wait any longer. Abby needed to eat. A knock came at the door. Owen glanced through the peephole, saw that it was Carlos. When he opened the door three large men rushed inside. Owen backed up quickly, blocking the entrance to Abby's room. He wished he could go for his shotgun, but his duffle was sitting too far away. The men spread out. They wore nice suits. They had broad chests and blue eyes. The one in the middle pulled a piece of paper from his jacket and took several steps toward Owen. He stared at him for a long time. Then he handed the paper over. It was a wanted poster. Owen's picture was printed on the top. A $100,000 reward was being offered for his arrest. Beneath him there was a sketch of Abby, labeled with the number $1,000,000. Owen counted the zeros to make sure he had it right. A million dollars. They were offering a million dollars for Abby. \"She's in there, isn't she?\" the man asked, his voice slurred by a foreign accent. \"The vampire girl.\" Owen didn't know what to do. He assumed these strangers were armed, but that didn't really concern him. What he was afraid of was that they would bust in on Abby. She would tear them to pieces. Everything Owen had slaved for would be ruined. \"I want you out,\" the man informed Owen. \"Out of Brooklyn. Out of New York.\" \"I have money,\" Owen said. \"I'll pay you.\" \"I don't want your money. I want you gone.\" \"Why?\" \"Because you're trouble. Because I don't like you. Because I said so.\" Owen felt the door against his back. \"She can't go in the sun,\" Owen protested. The man closed on him. \"I'll leave now,\" Owen agreed. \"We'll leave. But you've got to back off. And I mean out of the building, out of the parking lot. If she wakes up sensing danger, she will kill you.\" The man laughed. \"Just so we're clear,\" he elaborated. \"I've put the word on the street about you two. People are going to kick you to the curb. Understood?\" Owen nodded. \"You've got ten minutes.\" The men departed. Owen figured he was about to become Abby's next meal, but he had no choice. He went into her bathroom and pulled the blankets off her face. \"Abby,\" he implored. \"Abby, you have to wake up.\" She didn't stir, but Owen wasn't about to touch her. He kept calling her name until her eyes opened. Then he retreated fast. \"I'm sorry, Abby. Something's happened. We have to go now. I'm sorry.\" He starting packing, stuffing their three suitcases with money, clothes, and whatever else would fit. He hauled the luggage outside and threw it into the Chevy's trunk. When he got back inside he found Abby sitting against the wall, her chin on her chest. The monster had not surfaced, but Owen could tell it was close. He put shoes on Abby's feet and thick gloves on her hands. He pulled a ski mask over her face, then wrapped her head and neck in a scarf. He draped a trench coat over her shoulders. He grabbed his duffel and an umbrella and dragged Abby to the hotel's lobby. Owen guessed it was about 4:30 PM. The sun was low but still bright. He opened the umbrella to provide Abby with extra shade and guided her quickly to the car's backseat, where he buried her under sleeping bags. He got behind the wheel and took off. Abby had gone twelve days without eating. Normally that would mean she could last a little longer. But she had been awakened in a state of danger and forced to walk through sunshine. Owen knew she was about to vamp. The sun would go down and someone would die. He drove to Methodist Hospital in downtown Brooklyn. The emergency room parking lot was well-shaded. Owen found a spot and told Abby to stay where she was. He picked up his bag and rushed into the building. He hurried down a flight of stairs, sprinted through a corridor. He burst into the blood bank, surprising two techs in lab coats. Owen displayed a stack of cash. \"I need to steal twelve pints of blood,\" he announced. \"I'll pay you ten thousand dollars to look the other way.\" The men gazed at Owen, speechless. He produced additional currency. \"Twenty thousand.\" The techs exchanged looks. \"The next thing coming out is a gun,\" Owen exclaimed. \"Give me what I want.\" One of the techs opened a refrigerator and lifted out a bin labeled \"A-Positive.\" Owen snatched a dozen units. He left the money on the counter and ran. By the time he made it to the car the sun had nearly set. He got in the backseat with Abby, forced her to slide over. He cut open a bag of blood and handed it to her. Abby's face changed to an ugly, mottled hue. Her eyes glowed yellow. She seized the blood and drank it. She motioned for more, put her head between her legs, and vomited. Owen cut open another bag, pressed it to Abby's lips. She tasted the blood and spit it out. Owen was desperate. Now that Abby had tried to feed she would be completely out of control. The next person who walked past their car would die. Owen knew what he had to do. He withdrew a needle assembly from his bag and punctured a vein in his arm. \"Don't,\" the monster growled. \"Please, please don't.\" Then she bit the tube and started feeding. Owen settled against the seat, his hands clutching two bags of A-Positive. He hated Brooklyn. He hated grimy streets and boarded windows and loud black music. He hated the slum-stench that the ocean breeze never scrubbed away. Such a merciless city. It consumed human beings, transforming the living into a swarm of undead. Merciless, and mocking: Owen was about to bleed to death in Brooklyn with ten units of blood sitting in his lap. As he lost consciousness a jumble of thoughts swirled through his mind. He should have saved Lisa. He should have said I love you. He should have stayed away from Brighton. He should have studied medicine instead of law, figured out his blood type, and learned to do a transfusion. He should have stolen O-Negative.[Chapter 8] Chapter 8: Cherokee Owen opened his eyes to discover two things: he was in a sleeping bag, he was alive. He sat up in the Chevy's back seat. The car was surrounded by snow-covered trees. The sun was just coming up. He shivered violently, realized the cold had awakened him. He emerged from the Chevy onto a rocky hillside. A tent containing Abby was set up in the snow. Wood had been arranged on a bare patch of ground. More sticks sat in an adjacent pile. Owen discovered a can of lighter fluid and a box of matches sitting on the hood of the car. He lit the fire and started warming himself. Owen felt good. Too good. He stomped about the blaze, wishing he knew where they were. He searched the car and found a newspaper on the Chevy's front seat. The headline read \"Hospital Massacre.\" His eyes went wide as he skimmed the article. Abby had killed four people at Methodist Hospital: a social worker, a nurse, a security guard, and a police officer. A blinding rage swept over Owen. He shouted, he cursed, he ran around the camp site throwing stones and beating on logs. Everything he had tried to accomplish – wasted. How could she do this to him? How could she be so selfish, so shortsighted, so ungrateful? He had endured that sewer of a city for her. And this was how she repaid him. He stormed back to the newspaper and read more carefully. It was the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette dated January 2, 1984. Was that today? If so, the incident in the hospital parking lot had occurred just last night. But that made no sense. He should be comatose from blood loss. Owen guessed at what had happened. Abby must have taken him into the emergency room. That was the only possible explanation for why she would enter the building. The doctors gave him a transfusion. Then Abby grabbed him, fought her way out, and drove to Pittsburgh. Owen couldn't believe how badly he had messed everything up. If only he had let Abby feed on some random stranger! Only one person would have died. It was because he had insisted on giving her his own blood that a slaughter had taken place. Guilt pounded him in merciless waves. He had been trying to save lives. He had failed. He had failed at hiding, too. Three mass-murders in just ten months: Los Alamos Middle School, Bernalillo Juvenile Detention Center, Brooklyn Methodist Hospital. It was not lost on Owen that all three incidents had happened because of him. He had forever cost Abby her ability to move beneath the radar. The newspaper carried pictures on the front page. Owen's was still his old photo from juvie. The sketch of Abby, however, had been updated. It displayed her with short hair, jeans, and sneakers. Owen swore again. Her disguise had been so precious. It had enabled them to appear together in public. Now it was useless. Owen decided he was going to have to abandon his dream, at least for the time being. They would no longer be able to buy blood. Alvirez was probably already on the ground in New York. By the end of the day he would have questioned Toast, Carlos, and half the girls in South Brooklyn. He would know Owen's strategy. He would be on the lookout for blood purchases in other cities. It was time to pursue a much more basic objective: survival. Could they manage to survive without getting caught? Owen pulled a map from the Chevy's glove compartment. Pittsburgh was located in the western part of Pennsylvania. The map showed the area to be full of mountains, and the ridge on which he was standing certainly qualified, at least by East Coast standards. The question was where to go from here. He didn't like this part of the country. It was too full of people. He wanted to head back west, get lost in the open expanses. He thought of California, but they didn't dare go through New Mexico or Colorado. And if he had to sleep in a tent the whole way, it was too cold to attempt Wyoming. He started examining the Southeast. As the morning wore on, Owen came to understand that Abby had put the newspaper on the seat so he could find it. She realized he needed to know about the incident at the hospital, but she didn't want to talk about it. Likely she was afraid he would get angry. Owen decided he was glad Abby had set the paper out for him. It gave him time to process. It gave him time to cool down. When Abby woke up Owen greeted her with a smile. \"Hey,\" he said. \"Hey,\" she replied. \"You saved my life last night, didn't you?\" he asked. \"Yes,\" she said, hesitant. \"That's three times you've rescued me. Thank you.\" Owen could see how relieved this made her. She started kissing him all over his face. \"It looks like we're back to camping,\" Owen informed her. \"I think I know a place.\" They stole a Ford cargo van from the Pittsburgh suburbs and drove it back to their site. Owen walked Abby to a stream and set out supplies: toiletries, towel, fresh clothes, plastic bag. \"Do what you need to do,\" Owen said. \"You can clean up here. Meet me back at the tent.\" Abby took a moment to consider this. Then she touched her forehead to his, gave him a sad smile, and flew off. Owen moved their belongings to the van and waited, listening to the Pittsburgh radio stations. He felt remarkably awake and alert, despite having not eaten for over twenty-four hours. He wondered how much of his blood Abby had consumed. He wondered how many units they had given him in the emergency room. He hoped the transfusion hadn't given him AIDS. When Abby returned, Owen took the bag of dirty clothes from her and stuffed it under a rock. \"All set?\" he asked. Abby nodded. They loaded into the van and drove to West Virginia. The first place they robbed in Morgantown was a camping supply store. Owen didn't know what they would need, so he grabbed at least two of everything: arctic sleeping bags, cooking gear, frame backpacks, hiking boots, water filters. It didn't matter what it was; if he saw it, he took it. He always took the most expensive items. This included a mound of clothing, and every scrap of food the store contained. They moved on to a supermarket. Owen seized toiletries, duct tape, kitchen supplies, paper products, plastic bins, and additional food. This maxed out the van's capacity, but Owen stopped at a high school anyway. There was one more category of loot he needed to steal. Owen had enjoyed Lisa reading out loud to him. He told Abby to head to the library and pick out some novels. Meanwhile he headed through the halls and started breaking into classrooms. He stole math and science textbooks, reams of paper, and the random contents of six teacher's desks: pencils, pens, scissors, compasses. He threw it all into a bag and ran. By dawn they had made it to Roanoke, Virginia. They waited out the day in a rural spot, after which they stole a Jeep CJ7 with oversized tires. Only Abby could drive stick-shift, so Owen drove the Ford while Abby followed behind in the Jeep. They arrived in a western North Carolina town. Abby pulled over and got out. Owen joined her. Two small rivers came together in the town's center, but this was not what attracted Abby's attention. She pointed instead at a nearby hill. \"That's Fort Butler,\" she said. \"Or at least it was.\" Owen glanced at his map. \"It says this town's called Murphy.\" \"General Scott gathered the Indians here,\" she continued. \"They marched them to Tennessee. We followed.\" Owen was interested, but there was too much to do before sunrise. They drove the vehicles north. When they stopped again Owen explained what he wanted. \"We're going to camp in these mountains,\" he said. \"I need you to scout several places for us. We drive the van as far as we can, then unload it. We use the Jeep to carry our supplies as far as it will go. And from there we pack in. That's three places I need you to find: where we unload the van, where we drive the Jeep to, and where we end up when we're all finished. Can you do that in the dark?\" \"I like the dark,\" Abby said. She took off toward the ridge line. Owen paced while she was gone, aiming his shotgun at shadows. It was after midnight on a freezing cold dirt road in the middle of nowhere, but he was still nervous. He was glad when Abby made it back. She led the way to the spot she had chosen. They unloaded their gear quickly. Then Owen had them get back in the vehicles and head down to Georgia. After an hour drive he pulled off beside a large lake. He had Abby get out and study the map with him. \"This is where we are,\" he informed her. \"The park to the northeast is Chattahoochee National Forest. I want you to do your hunting in a circle around this park. That will make Alvirez think we're in Georgia. Can you get down here and back in a night?\" \"Probably not,\" Abby said. \"Then you really will have to stay in the forest. But I need you to do this. He's going to track your pattern. We need to give him a false pattern to follow. Can you do that?\" \"I can.\" They pushed the van into the lake and drove the Jeep back to North Carolina. By the time they made it to their stash of supplies the sky was beginning to lighten. Abby erected her tent and went to sleep. Owen tried to keep watch over her, but it was hard after driving all night. He kept dozing off no matter what station he played. There was nothing but country music, anyway. When Abby arose they began using the Jeep to shuttle their food and equipment deeper into the mountains. The task required a lot of trips, for the Jeep had little in the way of cargo capacity. Abby tried to teach Owen how to operate the manual transmission, but he soon gave up. Abby knew what she was doing, and there was no time to experiment. After the last batch of stores had been delivered, Owen gestured to the pile. \"This is our supply base,\" he said. \"We'll have to leave most of it here for now, but hopefully each night you can fly more of it to our campsite.\" Abby drove the Jeep to Georgia, dumped it in the lake, and flew back. Then the two of them hoisted backpacks and hiked to their new home in the Unicoi Mountains. Owen felt someone shaking him. He pushed the person's hands away. The shaking persisted. He sat up and rubbed his eyes. It felt so wrong, waking up before dawn. But he had insisted that Abby get him up. She kissed him on the cheek and retired to her tent. He built a fire with difficulty, holding a flashlight in one hand while arranging the wood. He drew water from the small creek that ran nearby, pumped it through a filter, and set it over the flames. By the time he had his coffee made the sky had brightened. It was Friday, January 6, 1984. Owen turned on the small radio he had carried in his pack, meditated on the misery of country and western music. If only they had broken into a record store and stolen some tapes. He wondered if he could handle three months without rock 'n' roll. The pine wood smelled nice as it burned. Owen spent several hours gathering firewood, peeling off layers of clothing as the activity warmed him. He tried to dig a latrine, but the ground wasn't dirt; it was rock. He settled for relieving himself a little ways down the valley and burying the waste in a few inches of soil. It wasn't until 10:00 AM that the sun finally peeked over the eastern ridge. Owen guessed Abby had chosen this location deliberately. Even during daylight their camp would be shaded most of the time. He climbed the ridge, found a bald patch on top. He admired the view. There was no sign of human habitation. He returned to his fire and built a seat out of logs. He started studying his maps. They were in Cherokee County, North Carolina. But this place was also called the Appalachian Mountains, the Blue Ridge Mountains, the Unicoi Mountains, and Nantahala National Forest. It confused him. He didn't understand why there had to be so many names. Owen rehydrated a meal. He didn't really like the food; it contained too many vegetables. He supposed it was better for him than McDonald's. He took a deep breath of mountain air and jumped up and down. He washed his face in the stream and built a dam for fun. It was disturbing to realize how much the anemia had affected him. Giving blood to Abby had been embarrassingly stupid. Had Brooklyn been worth it? Owen did the death math. Five guards killed at Bernalillo. Four workers killed at Methodist Hospital. But in between almost four months without Abby killing anyone. Was that ten people Abby would have eaten? Had Owen saved ten lives? Did that make up for the people she had slaughtered rescuing him? Had Brooklyn helped Abby? Owen had given her a precious gift: fifteen weeks of murderless blood. Had it actually made a difference, though? Coney Island had certainly worked a change in her mood, but he couldn't pretend it had been a change for the better. He had tried to improve Abby's spirits. He had failed. When Abby arose she flew to the supply base and brought back a pile of stuff, including two folding chairs. They settled in front of the fire, Owen playing with his shotgun and occasionally blasting random trees with birdshot. For whatever reason Abby thought this was hilarious. Her reaction pleased Owen. He loaded more shells. \"It seems like you always fight with your hands,\" Owen said. \"Have you ever used a gun? I mean against someone.\" \"No,\" Abby answered. \"But you know so much about guns.\" Abby thought about this. \"I have strong survival instincts,\" she explained. \"There are things I feel like I have to avoid: sunlight, people, open spaces. There are other things I feel like I have to do. The urge to run and hide can get very strong. I feel urges to follow the news and learn about guns. I don't understand it. It's just something I have to do.\" Owen considered the narrow gorge with its thick growth of pine trees. Abby certainly didn't have to worry about open spaces here. He squeezed off a few more rounds. \"I don't know where we are,\" he said. \"We need better maps. Close-in maps showing just this area. We need to find the nearest trails.\" \"This is a good hiding place,\" Abby replied. \"The road south of here, that used to be the Unicoi Turnpike. It doesn't look like it's important now. And these mountains used to have Indians in them. Not anymore.\" \"You said you followed the Indians.\" \"They took them to Fort Cass first. Then they marched them to Oklahoma. We pursued them.\" \"Who was with you?\" Owen asked. Abby paused before replying. \"Her name was Sarah. She was a camp follower. She served the soldiers. We tracked Indians in Oklahoma, Dakota, Wyoming – wherever the soldiers went. I was her sister first. Then I was her daughter. She got camp disease.\" Owen figured this was as good an opening as he was ever going to get. \"The man with you in Los Alamos,\" he began. \"You said he wasn't your father. What was his name?\" \"Thomas,\" Abby said, her voice distant. \"What happened to him?\" \"He got captured. He killed himself.\" This took Owen aback. \"Why do people do it?\" he asked. \"Why do they kill themselves?\" The question seemed to disturb Abby. Owen waited a long time for a response, but she refused to talk more. Owen threw some wood on the fire, returned to his chair, pondered his girlfriend. He added suicide to the list of topics Abby didn't like to discuss. The next morning Owen was amazed at how many supplies Abby had moved to their campsite. She could certainly work like a horse when she wanted to. A few more nights of this and everything would be here. Owen discovered a Charlotte newspaper. He read about the development of their story in Brooklyn and Pittsburgh. Abby's kill in Pennsylvania had been linked to her. Their Chevy had been found. Owen realized it was not just the police he had to worry about. Reporters were uncovering more information than the FBI. The paper quoted so many people Owen had met in Brooklyn, some of whom he couldn't even recall. But everyone remembered him: the infamous \"Blood Boy.\" Abby had found some trail maps. She had even marked their current position. Owen climbed the other ridge adjacent to their campsite. He used a compass to compare their surroundings to the maps. It pleased him that Abby was scouting the area, even though he knew it would make her hungry faster. Owen spent the afternoon looking through books. The outdoor guides from the camping store contained an incredible amount of helpful advice. Owen was glad he had stolen them. Most of the math and science texts were way over his head. He figured he could try Algebra, and maybe portions of Biology. Abby had grabbed a stack of novels: Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm, Tom Sawyer, Little House on the Prairie, Little Women, Anne of Green Gables . Owen hadn't realized Little House was a book. Actually, it was a whole bunch of books. He had heard of Tom Sawyer , but he had never read it. He missed Lisa. He pulled her note from his pocket, studied the words. He was still angry at her. He had been assaulted dozens of times in juvie. It had never made him want to kill himself. And on Christmas, of all days. Owen was going to give her a present: enough money to buy a house, once she was old enough. He had never gotten the chance. That evening he and Abby practiced throwing a glow-in-the-dark Frisbee. The toy frustrated Owen. It just didn't want to go straight. Abby giggled as he threw the Frisbee into tree after tree. At least she didn't seem to mind picking it up. Owen wondered if Abby could use her super-strength when she wasn't vamped out. He tended to think of her as being in either girl-form or monster-form. But how accurate was that? When she flew wasn't she somewhere in-between? If she wanted to, could she throw the Frisbee like a vampire even though she was in girl-form? They settled by the fire and Abby told a story. \"They get shipwrecked on this island,\" she said. \"There's a man with them at first, but he dies. It skips to them being teenagers. They're always naked. They run around naked. They swim naked. He never understands her. She gets mad at him.\" \"Don't they get cold?\" Owen asked. \"It's a tropical island. It's always warm. They eat fish and bananas. She's, like, so clueless. She yells at him, 'You're always staring at my buppies!'\" \"Buppies?\" \"That's what she says.\" Owen didn't understand what the big deal was. He stared at Abby's buppies all the time. \"She gets pregnant and they have no idea what's going on. They think she's getting fat. They feel her stomach move and don't realize it's a baby. And after the baby's born he asks her, 'Why did you have a baby?'\" \"You like this movie?\" Owen inquired. \"She's never sunburned,\" Abby lamented. \"Her nails are manicured. Her hair is always positioned just right so you can't actually see her body. It's just sick how beautiful she is. I wish I could look like that.\" \"You're way prettier than Brooke Shields,\" Owen pronounced. Abby smiled, but Owen felt like he had missed something. They were alone in the wilderness, just like in the movie. Did Abby want to run around naked? Did she want long hair? \"They don't have any books, do they?\" Owen asked. \"No,\" Abby said. \"We've got books. We're on our own, but we can still learn. We don't have to be clueless.\" Abby didn't have anything to say to this. Owen wondered how he could explain his revelation in juvie, the importance of becoming educated. If they were going to survive they had to find out what they didn't know. \"Did you ever go to school?\" he asked. \"My mother taught me to read and write,\" she said. \"I went to tutor for music. Betsy taught me to sew. John taught me to shoot. Sarah had me cook with her, but I was never very good at it. I did figure out how to embroider.\" \"No math or science?\" Abby shook her head. \"Girls didn't learn that.\" Owen's heart sank. He had hoped Abby could help him. \"You're good with puzzles. I bet you would be good at math.\" Abby didn't seem interested in this idea. \"What about Romeo and Juliet?\" Her face brightened. \"I like stories. I don't read as much since talking movies came out.\" \"You remember going to a tutor. Do you remember where you came from? Where were you born?\" \"It was a long time ago, Owen.\" \"Do you remember your last name?\" \"My last name's Wheeler,\" Abby declared promptly. \"I have laid my fortunes at thy feet, and I will follow thee, my lord, throughout the world.\" Pride surged through Owen's heart. He pulled Abby from her seat, wrapped his arms around her waist, and kissed her. She responded with a desperate joy. As they made out Owen remembered the time in his apartment when he stopped Abby's bleeding. \"You can come in,\" he said, and he hugged Abby tight. \"What if I didn't say anything? Would you have kept bleeding? Would you have died?\" Abby replied with such pure contentment in her voice, \"I knew you wouldn't let me.\" Kissing Abby felt just like that night: a perfect moment. Owen wanted it to last forever. If Owen let himself he'd do nothing but survive. The longer they stayed here the farther he had to walk to gather firewood. And he spent so much time heating water. Hot water for cooking, for laundry, for bathing. Even if he boiled both pots and added it quickly to the shower bag, it still only created a lukewarm spray. Certainly not enough to make him forget that he was standing wet and naked on a mountain in winter. Staying in a hotel was better. Except it wasn't. Fresh air invigorated; the ghetto stink oppressed. Owen had broken in his boots. His blisters had turned to calluses. He was hiking up and down a valley instead of making deals with pimps. He was adjusting to sleeping on hard ground instead of figuring out new ways to rob people. He felt alive. He felt free. In Brooklyn Owen had slept from four until noon. Here he always got up while it was still dark. It gave him and Abby less time together, but he was determined to guard her. Twice he had witnessed people break in on her during the day. She was vulnerable at that time. She needed protection. Owen's altered sleep schedule gave Abby a lot of free time. He wondered what she did with it. The newspapers she gathered showed that she covered a lot of territory: Chattanooga, Knoxville, Ashville, Greenville, Atlanta. But she had to do more than just fly around. Owen felt guilty sleeping when she was awake. He didn't know what to do about it, though. At least Abby never complained. In the evening Owen showed Abby the spot where he would set out fresh clothes for her. He kissed her goodbye and watched her fly south. He wished she could get there and back in a single night, but that was impossible if they wanted to mislead people into thinking they were in Georgia. Owen had no choice but to spend the next forty hours alone. The next morning Owen scanned through the stations in the vain hope that a rock signal had magically extended into the Unicoi Mountains. He turned off the radio. It was just as well. He had homework to do. He ploughed through two lessons in his Algebra text. As the day wore on Owen found it increasingly difficult to concentrate. He missed Abby. He missed feeling her presence. It was such a strange power she had, this ability to be felt. Owen wondered if he was addicted to her. The junkies in Coney needed heroin. Owen needed Abby. The longer he went without his fix the more frantic he got. He tried switching to Biology. Kingdom, Phylum, Class, Order, Family, Genus, Species. Abby was obviously part of the animal kingdom. But was she a mammal? She had hair and breasts. But she couldn't be called warm-blooded. She never got warm, no matter how long Owen held her. He assumed she couldn't give birth to live young. They had never discussed the matter, though. Owen wondered how he could ask. He wished he had his law books. They were so much more interesting than this stuff. Owen thought about his parents. He hadn't seen them since juvie. He wanted to talk to his mom, but there was no way he was going to try and contact her. She would have to follow his exploits in the paper, same as everybody else. He missed Lisa. He missed his friends in juvie. Hopefully things had improved at Bernalillo since Owen had escaped. Hopefully some of his friends had gotten out. He imagined Tim and Village and Bank and George no longer trapped, but free to run around New Mexico and be children again. He wished he could sit down with them in some restaurant and tell Abby stories. He had so many more to tell! Did being with Abby mean not having friends? Did Abby want friends, or just Owen? He didn't think Lisa and Abby had ever met. For some reason he had never felt comfortable introducing them to each other. He tried to imagine the two of them hanging out on the street. It was hard to picture. Owen loved Abby. He wanted to be with her. Was it wrong to want to spend time with other people, also? His parents had friends. Their relationship, however, was a disaster. It couldn't help him figure out how to have a relationship of his own. He observed the trees and the pale light filtering through the canopy. He listened to the stream bubble. He smelled the pine and the fire. The forest was quiet, peaceful, calm. But also lonely. He didn't think he wanted to be lonely. This was Owen's favorite time: after dinner, settled in his chair, sitting by the fire with Abby at his side. He loved how she simply stared at him and smiled. It was all the more remarkable given that she hadn't eaten for eight days. His mere presence could make even Hungry Abby happy. He was powerful! Yet also powerless. He and Abby had so much fun together. Her mood was definitely better than in Brooklyn. Yet no matter how good a time they had, no matter how happy she became, before long the same neediness resurfaced. Owen realized that his expectations had not changed: he still wanted to make a difference in Abby's life. He wanted her to improve, and he wanted to be the reason she improved. They had tried Owen's way in New York, and it hadn't worked. But was Abby's way working any better? She had hunted four times. The newspapers told Owen where. The marks he had placed on his map formed a nice ring around Chattahoochee. The whole state of Georgia was searching for Abby. The state of North Carolina was not. At the very least they were avoiding capture. And that, Owen reminded himself, was the primary objective. Abby started reading aloud: She came at once upon a handsomely engraved and colored frontispiece – a human figure, stark naked. At that moment a shadow fell on the page and Tom Sawyer stepped in at the door and caught a glimpse of the picture. Becky snatched at the book to close it, and had the hard luck to tear the pictured page half down the middle. She thrust the volume into the desk, turned the key, and burst out crying with shame and vexation. Abby stopped. Owen waited, then encouraged her to continue. She recommenced reading, but it was several paragraphs before Owen stopped looking at her and started focusing on the text: The next girl was Becky Thatcher. Tom was trembling from head to foot with excitement and a sense of the hopelessness of the situation. \"Rebecca Thatcher\" [Tom glanced at her face – it was white with terror] – \"did you tear – no, look me in the face\" [her hands rose in appeal] – \"did you tear this book?\" A thought shot like lightning through Tom's brain. He sprang to his feet and shouted – \"I done it!\" The school stared in perplexity at this incredible folly. Tom stood a moment, to gather his dismembered faculties; and when he stepped forward to go to his punishment, the surprise, the gratitude, the adoration that shone upon him out of poor Becky's eyes seemed pay enough for a hundred floggings. Abby faded again. Owen sighed. He was getting interested in the novel, but only Happy Abby could concentrate while reading out loud. Owen was going to have to wait until she had fed again to hear more of the story. He told Abby to close the book. \"We met a year ago this week,\" Owen observed. \"I can't calculate the exact date, but it was near the end of February. I wish I could get you a present,\" he added, gesturing at the forest. \"But there aren't any gift shops.\" \"You're the gift I want,\" Abby replied. Owen smiled. \"You seem happier here than in Brooklyn,\" he noted. Abby pursed her lips. \"I'd rather kill others than kill you.\" This response surprised Owen, as it broached one of Abby's taboos. He wondered if he could attempt the serious discussion he had been planning. Deep topics were normally a mistake with Hungry Abby, but Owen didn't think he had ever heard her speak the word \"kill.\" \"My math book has all these future career blurbs,\" Owen said. \"You know, what you can do if you learn math. Accountant, engineer, computer programmer. It all sounds really boring. But the general idea is the whole what-do-you-want-to-be-when-you-grow-up thing. \"It's getting me thinking about the future,\" Owen continued. \"These mountains are working out well enough for now, but this is hardly a long-term solution. We need a plan for the future. I think we should talk about our dreams. What are our goals going to be? What do we want to accomplish?\" Abby reacted as Owen had feared: she visibly curled up into herself. He knew he ought to stop. But now that he had finally started this conversation, Owen really wanted to say what he had to say. Besides, it was their anniversary. What better time to talk about the future? \"If I understand the vision you showed me, the man turned you into a vampire by biting you. I think that means you could turn other people into vampires if you bit them but didn't kill them. That means you could turn me into a vampire.\" Abby stared into the fire, her eyes wide. She said nothing. \"That's something to consider if we're talking about the future. If I was a vampire we could live together forever. It would answer the question of what I want to be when I grow up. I would be a vampire. I'm not sure it's something I want, but what I really wanted to ask you is this: is it something you want?\" Abby stood from her chair and lifted Owen to his feet, drawing him to herself. She started kissing him. She unbuttoned his shirt. She took her own shirt off. Then she tried to remove more clothing. Owen stopped her by taking her hands and kissing them. He led her to his tent, had her lay down beside him, and snuggled with her until they fell asleep. The next morning Owen stumbled outside and threw two days worth of fuel on the fire. He turned on country music. He cleaned his shotgun. He made himself an extra-big breakfast, gargled with coffee, threw stones in the creek, and tried to figure out what the hell had happened. He and Abby often slept in the same tent, but Owen had never done more than kiss Abby. Making out was like a game. It was fun. Last night wasn't fun. Abby had been so serious. She looked like a prostitute doing something because she had to, because she'd been paid. When Owen had stopped her she had clearly looked relieved. She had been content to go to sleep. Had he forced Abby? Made her feel like she had to do something she didn't really want to do? How had she gone from \"Do you want me to be a vampire?\" to \"OK, I'll sleep with you if I have to?\" It made no sense. No wonder Thomas called her a f-ing bitch. Owen read and reread the article in the Asheville Citizen-Times. It explained in brutal detail how Abby had killed and fed upon a Cherokee Indian in Swain County, North Carolina. He pulled out his map and plotted her latest victim. Fifty miles to the northeast lay a reservation called the Qualla Boundary. That was where Abby had struck. He charged about the campsite, furious. He couldn't believe what Abby had done. It wasn't like he was asking her not to kill people. He wasn't even asking her to hide the bodies. He just wanted her to hunt in a certain area . She couldn't even do that. The worst of his anger had passed by the time Abby got up, but he was still in no mood to talk. He ate dinner in silence, refusing to look at her. She sat at his side, waiting. \"You prefer Indians,\" Owen finally concluded. Not a question. A statement. \"Yes,\" Abby said. Don't ask for an explanation, he urged himself. Just accept it and move on. \"Can you go back to the reservation?\" Owen asked. \"Now that you've started hunting there, can you keep hunting there?\" Abby nodded. \"Absolutely.\" Owen rubbed his face. \"The Qualla Boundary is far away. If you establish a new pattern, with any luck they'll conclude we've moved to Smoky Mountain National Park.\" There was no getting around the painful truth, however: Abby had drawn the pursuit into North Carolina. He considered leaving. They could hike across the Tennessee border into Cherokee National Forest, steal a car, and head west. He didn't know what was more dangerous, driving or staying in one place. It was so frustrating not knowing what to do. Either decision could be wrong. It was enough to drive a man crazy. \"This gets us back to our core issue,\" Owen explained, not caring if Abby wanted to hear it or not. \"We need a way of obtaining blood that does not involve killing people. Murderless blood. Buying it is out, at least for the time being. We have to come up with something else. \"We could rob people at gunpoint, force them to give blood. We'd have to hold up a lot of people, though. From a hiding standpoint that would be even worse than killing. What we need is a method that will never come to the police's attention. A way to get blood so that even the people we're getting it from don't know that we're getting it.\" Owen hoped Abby would chime in, but she said nothing. \"Let's find six drunks passed out on the side of the road,\" he said, his voice bitter. \"We'll draw two pints each, and they'll be none the wiser. Or better yet, drug an entire fraternity and steal a pint from everybody. Maybe I could invent a transporter and beam blood out of people. I'll find suicidal people who don't want their blood. I'll buy forty slaves and force them to donate. I'll make a tribe of savages worship you. They'll offer you their blood.\" He could see how badly he was upsetting her, but he couldn't stop. \"Why are you always so sad?\" he demanded. \"We have fun together. I make you happy. Why isn't it enough? Why isn't it ever enough?\" Abby gazed into the fire, her expression distant and miserable. It was painful how much she looked like Lisa. The brokenness of broken people overwhelmed Owen. What was he supposed to do? No matter how much he held Abby, played with her, made her smile, he couldn't heal her. She was like a cup with a hole in it. He could pour himself in forever. The cup would never be full. That week they backpacked to the Tennessee border. It was rough going, despite Abby having scouted the route in advance. Owen kept coughing. But he refused to turn around or have Abby carry him. They would have to leave North Carolina soon. He wanted to be prepared. They came to a cave that Abby had claimed for herself. Frozen pieces of dead bear lay about twenty yards from the entrance. Owen considered the beast's condition, realized he wasn't the only person dealing with anger issues. The bear never stood a chance. Owen blew his nose into a leaf. He took more cold medicine and collected sticks. Abby helped. The weather in this place was so unpredictable. One day would get up to 70 degrees; another night it would plummet to zero. Owen couldn't hold a match steady enough to strike it. Abby tried to start the fire, but the wind kept putting it out. \"I don't want you to take this the wrong way,\" Owen said, his teeth chattering. \"And if the question offends you, please tell me. When you killed that bear, did you try to feed on it?\" Abby began building a windbreak. \"I've tried every animal,\" she said. \"I've tried dead people, too. Nothing works.\" The wind grew in intensity. They gave up and retreated into the cave. Abby slipped Owen into both sleeping bags. He started moaning and bringing up nasty chunks of phlegm. Abby searched the first aide kit. \"Band-Aids and aspirin,\" she swore. She got down on the rock next to Owen, placed her hand on his face. \"Your fever is too high,\" she said. \"I'm going to have to get you real medicine. You need to be by a fire. If the wind dies down go outside and build one. Otherwise stay in the sleeping bags. I'll be back as soon as I can.\" Owen watched her disappear through the cave entrance. He shivered uncontrollably, dreaming of hot showers and hot baths and hot tubs. The wind blew harder. In his misery Owen realized that if Abby didn't come back he could die in this mountain pass. He was a weak, useless burden. Abby never got sick. If she changed him into a vampire, then he wouldn't get sick, either. Why were they hiking at all? Wasn't it because Owen couldn't fly? If they were both vampires everything would be so much easier. No need to stay near a stash of food. No need for fire. No need for warmth. Abby returned before dawn carrying a sack of items. She tore open a hypodermic, filled it with liquid, and injected it into Owen's arm. She gave him pills and made him swallow them with whiskey. The liquor burned his throat. Abby made him drink more of it anyway. She switched to a container of fresh orange juice and forced Owen to consume it all. He crawled outside to urinate. When he reentered the cave he discovered Abby ripping open dozens of square plastic packages. She shoved the contents into Owen's sleeping bag. Owen got back in his bag, realized the mystery objects were hand warmers. He thanked Abby and drifted off. He awoke in the afternoon, sweat-soaked and ravenous. He guessed Abby was huddled in the back of the cave, although he couldn't actually see her. He crept outside, built a fire, and started heating a can of stew. He searched for the medicine Abby had given him. Rocephin (Ceftriaxone) the vial said. The words meant nothing to him. He returned to the fire. What were the advantages and disadvantages of becoming a vampire? Living in the wild was dangerous. There would always be injuries or illnesses requiring medical attention. He could only imagine where Abby had gone last night, what she had done. And all because Owen was weak. It wasn't Abby who kept them in one place for months at a time. It was Owen and his need for their giant pile of supplies. If Owen was a vampire they could travel light. Every kill could be in another state. There'd be no pattern for the police to track. If he was a vampire he wouldn't be able to break into houses. He wouldn't be able to guard Abby during the day. But how important was all that, really? Abby had survived for five months on her own. And survival was what it came down to: if Owen was a vampire, they would both have a better chance at survival. But Owen imagined more. If he became a vampire it would give him time, and time was what Abby needed. Healing her wounds was no short-term project. It could take decades, maybe even centuries, to make her better. Being a vampire would give him that time. He could see a day five hundred years from now when Abby's cup was finally full. And all because of Owen. He didn't want to kill people, though. They would really have to find a murderless source of blood. Maybe that's what Abby needed. A harmless way of feeding and Owen as a vampire. The two together might work where either alone would fail. In the evening Owen started feeling worse again. He returned to his sleeping bag. Abby made him take more pills and drink more whiskey. She snuggled next to him, her body stretched out on the cold, bare rock. \"The man who changed you into a vampire,\" Owen asked. \"Who was he?\" \"My uncle,\" Abby answered. \"Do you know what happened to him?\" \"No.\" \"So he could still be alive.\" Owen waited for a response, but Abby said nothing. \"Have you ever turned anyone into a vampire?\" he pressed. Abby rolled onto her back and stared at the ceiling. \"If I was so sick that no medicine could help me, would you change me? I have to think you'd do it then. You wouldn't let me die, would you?\" Abby sat up. Owen sat up with her. She grasped Owen's chin and his vision changed. He saw Abby lying in a dark room. A woman entered. \"Good morning, Abigail,\" the woman said. The next instant her tone changed. \"Abigail, are you alright? What happened to you?\" The awful memory from last night occupied a corner of Abby's mind, but it was distant, unimportant. What mattered was the driving hunger in her belly. She could hear the woman's heart beating. The sound fascinated Abby. The woman leaned over to examine her shoulder. Abby tore the woman's chest open and fed on her heart. When there was no more blood to be had, she ripped limbs off and sucked them dry. Abby brooded, thirsty and dazed. At some point she came to herself. She was shocked and horrified and hopelessly confused. How had she done it? Why had she done it? She dropped a leg and started screaming. Owen screamed with her: \"Mommy!\" Owen shoved Abby's hand aside and scooted away from her, his breathing ragged. She waited, saying nothing, eyes vacant and doomed. Owen understood why. He hadn't just seen what Abby had done. He had felt everything she had felt. He had felt what she was still feeling. Hate consumed her, and all of it directed at herself. What could Owen do – what could he ever do – to overcome this much guilt and self-loathing? The word \"sad\" was inadequate. Abby was way beyond sad. A word didn't exist for what Abby was feeling. Bewilderment, shame, anguish, desolation, despair. Nothing fit. Abby was enduring an inhuman level of suffering. Only a non-human word could possibly describe it. Owen had never understood the truly monstrous nature of the monster. He understood it now. It wasn't a dangerous animal that needed to be caged. It was a hideous fiend that needed to be destroyed. It was a devil, wicked, ruthless, and cruel. He understood why people hunted it, why they wanted to kill it. It was evil. It was a vampire. But Abby wasn't evil. Owen wanted to hug her, but what good would it do? He wrapped his arms around her anyway. He stroked her back and reassured her over and over again: \"I love you, Abby. I love you so much.\" It didn't matter. Abby was catatonic. She couldn't hear him. Two nights later they headed home. Owen, still recovering from his illness, was forced to let Abby carry him much of the way. They made it to their valley on the morning of Saturday, March 3. Owen led them along the creek. He was eager to build a fire. Abby halted. Owen turned in time to see her drop her pack and take to the air. He pulled his shotgun and flashlight and examined his surroundings. He took twenty steps toward the campsite and discovered why Abby had fled. Standing by the fire pit, M16 in hand, was Agent Alvirez.[Chapter 9] Chapter 9: Secret Society Alvirez kept his rifle pointed at Owen's feet. The boy held his position for a long time. The agent waited. Eventually Owen advanced, shotgun aimed downward. \"Your girlfriend tends to leave you in the lurch,\" Alvirez observed. \"She doesn't deal well with surprises,\" Owen replied. \"Like an animal.\" \"Like an animal,\" Owen agreed. Alvirez nodded, impressed. Owen didn't just know that Abby spooked easily. He knew it and accepted it. \"I liked your collection of books,\" Alvirez noted. \"The only brothel in New York with its own library.\" \"The ones in juvie were better,\" Owen said, taking another step forward. Alvirez tried to get a feel for Owen. The boy had certainly grown, though he was still small for his age. He had managed to fill out a bit. Short haircut, hiking boots, backpack – he looked nothing like the pictures being circulated in the press. Which was all to the good. \"You think she'll be back tonight?\" Alvirez asked. \"I'm guessing not,\" Owen answered. \"It's too close to sunrise.\" \"Excellent. That gives us time to talk.\" \"What makes you think I want to talk to you?\" The absence of light frustrated Alvirez. He really needed to observe Owen's eyes and facial expressions. The darkness left him with nothing but the posture of Owen's body and the tone of his voice. \"Five reasons you owe me a conversation,\" Alvirez explained. \"First, I didn't kill you on the roof when I had the chance. Second, after you flew away I told everyone you were hiding in the building. That gave you time to escape. Third, no one but me knows you're here. Fourth, I didn't shoot Abby in the head just now. Fifth, I brought your girlfriend a meal.\" He kicked the lump at his feet. \"That's a person?\" Owen asked. \"Don't feel sorry for him. Child molester fresh out of prison. They'll think he's skipping parole. Abby can eat him, and then you can learn how hard it is to cremate a body.\" Owen took some time to process. \"Why are you here?\" he finally asked. \"Because I'm interested in Abby. They say there's nothing new under the sun. I disagree. Abby's new. I want to study her.\" \"Too bad,\" Owen said. \"All you get to study is me and my 12-gauge.\" \"I'm here to make you an offer,\" Alvirez announced. \"I work in Washington now. I've set up a house in Maryland for you. I've arranged for Abby to receive a steady supply of food. In exchange you deliver regular samples of Abby's blood, and you let me get to know her.\" \"You want to keep us prisoner in a house?\" \"I didn't say prisoner. What I'm offering is illegal. You would live under false identities. You would be free to come and go as you pleased. You could try the arrangement, decide you hate it, and go back to your wonderful life as fugitives.\" Owen moved closer. \"Why would you do that?\" he asked, his voice suspicious. \"You think I'm a police officer, Owen? A lawman? I'm really just a psychologist with a badge. I figure people out. It's what I do. Those doctors in Maryland, they want to study Abby's blood. But me, Owen, I want to study Abby. I want to build a psychological profile of her. I want to understand her mind.\" \"That doesn't make any sense,\" the boy protested. \"Every man wants something,\" Alvirez mused. \"Haven't you figured that out by now? Some men seek money, power, sex, fame. There's a select few, however, that crave only what's hidden. We lust after knowledge. We want to discover new things. That is Abby's attraction: the promise of discovery.\" \"This is stupid,\" Owen said. \"You expect us to trust you?\" \"I'm breaking the law. You really need to think through the implications of that. Talking to you is illegal. Concealing your location is illegal. Serving as an accomplice in this loser's murder is illegal. I've turned to the dark side, Owen. The FBI is just my day job. What I'm doing here I'm doing for me. \"But of course I don't expect you to trust me. I'm just putting the offer on the table. My guess is you'll need another two or three years on the run before you'll really consider it.\" \"Where would we live?\" Owen asked. \"In Chevy Chase. That's a suburb of Washington, D.C. It's close to the hospital where I'll be getting Abby's blood.\" \"Hospital blood doesn't work.\" \"That's not what I mean,\" Alvirez clarified. \"Fresh blood can be collected from patients, students, employees. People will think it's for research. I can gather it and drive it to Abby within the time limit you used in Brooklyn. Assuming an hour is really her max.\" \"I think it is,\" Owen said. \"I know it has to be fresh.\" \"Well fresh blood is what I can get you, and as much as you want. You were trying to do eight pints a week at the end there. I can get you at least twelve pints a week. More if you want.\" \"I don't know,\" Owen objected. \"It sounds too easy.\" \"It won't be easy,\" Alvirez said. \"I'll be providing you with blood, security, and reintegration into society. In exchange I expect to be paid. Samples for the researchers. Information about Abby for me. You'll have to talk to me about Abby, and you'll have to talk to me about Abby a lot. If you think that's going to be easy, we haven't spent enough time together.\" Alvirez could tell the boy was taking him seriously. This confused the agent. Owen should be ignoring him, dismissing him, telling him to get lost. Alvirez filed his puzzlement aside, pressed his advantage. \"You had a good idea in Brooklyn,\" he continued. \"But how long do you really think it would've lasted? Even if the Russians hadn't kicked you out of Brighton, it was only a matter of time before some reporter or social worker started asking questions. And Lisa might have kept her own counsel, but Carlos was a blabbermouth. You need a long-term solution. Something that gets you off the grid for real. That's what I'm offering.\" \"I don't understand how you could get blood,\" Owen mused. \"It's not as easy as you make it sound.\" \"These NIH guys study blood. It's what they do. They're drawing blood from people all the time. People expect them to draw blood.\" \"They'll tell.\" \"They won't know where the blood is going. And they won't know where Abby's samples are coming from, either. At least not at first. A few will be let in on the secret eventually, I suppose. But their numbers will be strictly controlled.\" \"We're doing OK on our own,\" Owen muttered, but Alvirez could hear the doubt in his voice. \"Do you know how I survive in this world, Owen? I have friends. It's amazing what happens when you save a man's life. He becomes willing to do anything for you. And not just him, but his father, too. Washington's a very good town to have friends. You need a friend, Owen. Someone willing to help you. Someone able to help you. Someone who won't kill himself when he gets the holiday blues.\" Owen squeezed his 12-gauge. \"You're not the only one with a gun,\" he threatened. \"What did your little Bronx whore ever do for you? She went for walks on the beach? She played Parcheesi? I can actually do for you, Owen. What better person to hide you than the very agent tasked with your discovery? \"And there's something you've got to understand,\" Alvirez added. \"You're going to get caught. You've no idea of the resources being devoted, the technology that's starting to be utilized. It's like something out of Star Wars, Owen. You're going to get arrested, and convicted, and stuck in some hole that an entire battalion of Abby's couldn't break you out of.\" Alvirez noticed the sky beginning to brighten. He slung his M16 over his shoulder. \"I'll be back in seven days,\" he said. \"I don't expect to find you when I return. If you are here we can head to Maryland at once. If not, think about my offer while Abby's body count piles up. Think about it next time you get sick and need a doctor. I'm the only friend you've got, Owen. Sooner or later you're going to have to realize that.\" He began walking away. Owen pursued him. \"She must get blood in a way that does not involve people dying,\" the boy insisted. \"That's the plan,\" Alvirez said \"I want a tutor,\" Owen added. \"A tutor?\" \"A teacher. I want to keep up with school.\" \"I can work that out, no problem.\" \"You can make it all sound as great as you like,\" Owen said. \"You'll never convince Abby.\" \"Will she follow you? Will she do what you say?\" Owen considered this. \"Yes,\" he decided. \"Then I don't have to.\" Alvirez merged onto the Capital Beltway and headed north. It was Monday evening, March 12. Owen had fallen asleep in the passenger seat. The agent assumed Abby was awake in the rear of the van, but she refused to talk to him or even look at him. That was OK. Her very reticence was a useful datum. And right now gathering data was what this was all about. He couldn't believe his good fortune at having Abby inside his vehicle. After so many months searching, the girl was his at last. How desperately he wanted to pick her brain! Unfortunately Abby had no reason to interact with him. For the time being Alvirez was going to have to settle for indirect learning. Of what Owen had told him so far, three things especially interested Alvirez. The first was the boy's distinction between Abby and Monster. Owen even used a special word for the transformation, saying that Abby \"vamped.\" This naturally raised the question of whether or not the girl was schizophrenic. Even more tantalizing, did Abby suffer from that rarest of jewels, a genuinely dissociative personality? Alvirez could end up constructing two profiles! The second matter of note was Owen's assertion that Abby had been born in the 1700's. Alvirez didn't really believe this, despite admitting Abby looked no older than when he had seen her in the fall. But if it were true…the implications! What a unique personality she would present: a two hundred year old twelve-year-old. And the generational carnage she would have wrecked! Twenty-five kills a year times two hundred meant what? That Abby had murdered at least five thousand people? The resultant ruination of her psyche was scarcely conceivable. The third piece of information that fascinated Alvirez was the claim that Abby could not enter a private residence unless invited in. What sort of disease, genetic or otherwise, could possibly account for such a \"symptom?\" He figured it was psychosomatic. Abby was so convinced that she would bleed upon entering a home uninvited, that when she entered uninvited she actually did bleed. The agent thought of Christ bleeding in Gethsemane, was thrilled at the prospect of discovering a related phenomenon. A delicious stew of ailments, conditions, and issues, all simmering in a beautiful, deadly crock pot. Alvirez could understand why Owen had devoted himself to Abby, why her previous caretaker had done the same. And Alvirez had gone rogue for her. The potential negative outcome of his choice didn't bother him, though. As long as Abby clicked – as long as he experienced the magic moment when she suddenly made sense – Alvirez could depart the world in peace. He crossed the Potomac, took the exit for Bethesda. \"Wake up,\" he said to Owen, shaking the boy's shoulder and pointing out the window. \"That's the National Institutes of Health. The blood Abby lost in Colorodo has enabled me to get two senior researchers on board, a hematologist and an infectious disease specialist. The latter won't help if Abby's condition is genetic, but from what you've said that doesn't sound like the case.\" Within five minutes they were pulling into a suburban driveway. \"You have to tell Abby she can come in,\" Owen insisted. \"This is your home,\" Alvirez said. \"I've rented it for you.\" \"Say it anyway.\" \"You can come in,\" the agent projected into the back seat. He activated the garage, pulled inside, and shut the door. He did not get out of the car. \"This is your house,\" he maintained. \"Take your stuff inside and settle in. I'll bring Abby's lunch over about 12:30.\" \"She can't eat during the day,\" Owen said. \"I'm afraid she'll have to, at least for now. Once the Society has enough members, they can gather in the evenings to donate blood. But for the time being it's students and patients.\" \"Waking her while the sun is up is dangerous.\" \"I'll need you to deliver the first samples at the same time,\" Alvirez continued, dismissing Owen's concern. \"You'll find the necessary supplies inside. From what I hear you know how to do it. Five vials minimum, please.\" The kids unloaded the vehicle. Alvirez said goodnight, drove to his home in the adjacent neighborhood, and went to bed. The next day he made it to their house a little before one o'clock in the afternoon, half wondering if Owen and Abby would even be there. He pulled into the garage and entered the kitchen. He delivered to Owen twelve bags of blood, then ordered a pizza. Fifty minutes later the boy reappeared. \"You've no idea how hard it was to get these,\" Owen complained, passing a small bag to Alvirez. \"I don't think the monster likes losing blood.\" Alvirez opened the pizza box and started eating a slice. \"I hope to make it here most afternoons,\" he said. \"My contact information's on the wall. Obviously you should only use it in an extreme emergency. You're free to do what you want. Just remember I'm not the only person looking for you. Until you've got your disguises and false identities in place, you're probably better off staying put. Catch up on your sleep. Watch some TV. Make a list of what you need.\" He turned to leave. \"Why are doing this?\" Owen demanded. \"Because Abby is a mystery,\" Alvirez reflected. \"I've proven I can catch her. So what? Lots of people can catch bad guys. But understand her? Comprehend her? How many men do you think even have the potential, the capacity, to figure her out? I have to try. Why are you doing this?\" \"Why do you think?\" \"I'd say you're tired of running, except you're not. I'd say Abby eating people makes you feel guilty, but I think you only feel guilty when you actually participate in the kill. Maybe you're just afraid of going back to jail.\" But Alvirez could tell from the boy's reaction that this wasn't true, either. \"You want to understand Abby,\" Owen challenged. \"You don't even understand me.\" Alvirez got in his car and drove to FBI Headquarters, annoyed. The little twerp was right. The next day he took Owen to a Chevy Chase mansion and began showing him around. \"The Society will be headquartered here,\" Alvirez explained. \"You see how close it is to your house. When members donate blood I'll be able to get it to you quickly.\" Owen wandered from room to room. \"How do you pay for this?\" he asked. \"You can't break just one law,\" Alvirez answered. He led Owen into the basement, pointed out the many boxes stuffed into corners. \"Research equipment. This level will become the lab. They'll have to do their serious work here. It is a secret project, after all.\" \"Just how many people are you talking about?\" Owen inquired, his voice concerned. \"Let's go to my office.\" They went back upstairs. Alvirez unlocked a heavy metal door, invited Owen to sit down, and produced a diagram from his desk drawer. \"Concentric circles,\" the agent explained. \"People in the outermost ring get access to research results, but they don't know where the data come from. Next circle gets to examine Abby's blood. Third group is allowed to come to this building and work in the lab. Men in the fourth circle are told that the specimens come from the vampire girl. Fifth circle members gain access to Abby's file, including a list of her symptoms and powers. Sixth circle gets to meet with you. The innermost is the most restrictive, of course: people who get to talk to Abby herself.\" Alvirez gave Owen a minute to study the figure. \"Obviously you're the only person in the middle. I'm talking to you right now, which puts me in the sixth circle. Currently no one else is past the second. Key men will go deeper as the project develops.\" \"What makes you think they're going to keep it secret?\" \"Remember what I told you. Scientists crave knowledge. Their desire to be let further in will persuade them to keep their mouths shut. Plus they'll feel privileged, elite. They won't want to mess it up.\" Owen seemed unconvinced. \"Granted,\" Alvirez admitted, \"there's certainly the risk that someone spills the beans. But remember that involvement in this scheme is illegal. Every participant will know that joining the Society means breaking the law. Breaching the secret would get a man into legal trouble and ruin his career. Then there's me, of course. I'll always be here to enforce the silence.\" \"You can't hurt anyone,\" Owen demanded. \"If a single person gets killed, we're out of here.\" \"Don't worry,\" Alvirez assured him. \"I know all the best ways for manipulating people. None of them involve violence.\" Owen shook his head. \"Abby thinks it's stupid, trusting you. She's probably right. A couple of weeks ago I saw a bear that got on Abby's bad side. You do know the same thing's going to happen to you if you screw us over.\" \"Well, I certainly wouldn't trust me,\" the agent allowed. \"Abby doesn't sense danger from you. That's the only reason I was able to get her to come. I'm sure you're up to something, though.\" \"Of course I am. I'm going to examine your girlfriend until you get sick of it. Then I'm going to examine her some more. Just be glad I didn't put any hidden cameras in your house. I could've gone either way on that one.\" \"You're sick,\" the boy declared. \"No,\" Alvirez corrected. \"I'm obsessed.\" Alvirez returned a week later, bearing blood plus the name of a possible tutor. \"Do you want Abby to study with you?\" he asked. \"I hadn't thought about it,\" Owen admitted. \"I don't think she'd be willing to sit with a teacher.\" \"Why not? You said she's smart.\" \"She doesn't like being around people. That's not the right way of saying it, though. She has no problem going to the movies. I guess she doesn't like talking to people.\" \"Except you.\" Owen frowned. \"Well, I suppose it depends. When she's hungry she doesn't like talking, period. But even when she's happy it depends on the topic.\" \"Aren't all people that way?\" Alvirez suggested. \"Guess I never thought about it. Are there things Abby wishes I would talk about?\" The notion seemed to disturb Owen. Alvirez grabbed a soda from the fridge and settled into a seat at the kitchen table. \"Tell me an Abby story,\" he said. The agent listened patiently as Owen marched through the disastrous attempt at giving his girlfriend a \"snack.\" \"Why do you have me keep telling the same stories?\" Owen asked. \"This has to be, like, the fifth time I've told this one.\" \"It's an old interview technique,\" the agent explained. \"You have a person repeat the same story over and over again. You listen for changes, inconsistencies. It's a good way of determining whether or not a person is lying.\" \"You think I'm lying?\" \"You don't attempt direct lies,\" Alvirez observed. \"You do conceal things, in particular thoughts and feelings about the events you're describing. That's normal, though, especially for a male. I wish you were just generally more talkative. But you are what you are.\" \"Abby doesn't talk much, either.\" \"From my perspective Abby doesn't talk at all. My knowledge of her is entirely mediated through you. It's frustrating, but there's nothing I can do about it. That's why I need you to tell me about her.\" \"I have been telling you about her.\" \"You've been recounting events,\" Alvirez clarified. \"And that's helpful, certainly. It enables me to build my list of questions. But to be satisfied I need a lot more than a timeline of her activities.\" Alvirez got up and began pacing. \"I'm moderately interested in her vampirism, as you describe it. I possess independent evidence supporting three traits you've listed: super-strength, an ability to heal rapidly, and an ability to fly. Everything else I've got nothing but your word to go on. She lives forever? Burns in the sun? Bleeds when someone doesn't let her in? Can't eat regular food? You understand my skepticism. I realize you think you're telling the truth. But maybe you're just misinformed. \"I'm willing to assume it's all true and move on, though, because my real questions are more psychological than biological. You say Abby is afflicted with an assortment of phobias and compulsions. What else is there? Is she psychopathic? Schizophrenic? Fractured into multiple personalities? Does she love killing? Hate killing? Has she stopped feeling anything at all about killing? What was she like before she became a vampire? How much of that original Abby is left? Does the initial sexual assault dominate her, or is it just a drop in the bucket compared to everything that's happened since? \"Is Abby one person or two? Is she an adult trapped in a child's body, or is she mentally still twelve? Why doesn't she hide the bodies after she feeds? Why doesn't she change you into a vampire? What is it that drives her decision-making? What are her deepest motives and desires? These are the questions, Owen. It would be great if you could find the answers.\" Owen's shoulders slumped. \"I'll never understand her,\" he lamented. \"Girls are hard to figure out,\" Alvirez agreed. \"Abby's a girl and a vampire. That's a tough combination.\" \"Nothing I do works,\" Owen complained. \"What do you mean?\" \"I can't seem to make her better.\" \"You want to cure her?\" \"No,\" Owen clarified. \"I mean I want to help her feel better. She's so miserable. I'm trying to help her improve. It's hard to explain.\" Alvirez thought about this. \"That's why you bought blood,\" he concluded. \"I thought you were trying to hide.\" \"We were trying to hide,\" the boy acknowledged. \"But that wasn't the main reason. I'm thinking it'll help Abby if she doesn't have to kill people anymore. That's why no one can die here. I'm really serious about that.\" \"Abby's not the only person with too much blood on her hands,\" Alvirez said. \"I assure you, her food is coming from willing donors.\" \"Why should I believe you ?\" Owen challenged. \"Well, for starters I almost always tell the truth. Lying is a useful interrogation technique, and on rare occasions I use it. But the suspect has to be a really unique individual for me to stoop to a lie. In most cases speaking truth is how you get others to do the same. Then there's Vietnam, of course. I have no interest in hurting anyone.\" \"No one can get hurt,\" Owen echoed. \"We have to give her that much, at least.\" Alvirez decided he was going to have to radically reevaluate Owen. He had assumed the boy was driven by two motives: sex and survival. But if the child had some deeper plan in mind, a longing to have an actual redemptive effect in Abby's life, it made everything much more complicated. It also provided opportunity. A young man hoping to do nothing more than get Abby in the sack would have no real desire to understand her. But if Owen wanted to help her, heal her, save her – those were the sorts of goals that required genuine insight into her character. Which of course was exactly what Alvirez wanted himself. At the end of the day, he and Owen might actually be pursuing the same thing. The question was how to use it. Owen wants to understand Abby. I want to understand Abby. I have the training and experience. Owen has the relationship. The solution was simple. Alvirez would teach Owen how to figure Abby out. Owen would communicate his new insights to Alvirez. Everybody would win. Such a project would take time. Owen would need to be instructed in logic, formal anthropology, psychological theory and pathology, basic neurology, psychotropic pharmacology, communication skills, marriage dynamics, personality types, hierarchy of needs, interrogation techniques, and stages of cognitive development. Alvirez was confident he could do it, though. He and Owen were both bright, after all. And they were highly motivated. For the plan to work, however, there was one thing about Abby that Alvirez simply had to know. And to obtain this vital piece of information, he would have no choice but to go straight to the source. The golf course lay quiet and damp at 2:00 AM. One moment Alvirez walked the green alone. The next instant he sensed Abby behind him. He turned to stare at her, wondering if she would simply eat him and put this whole grand experiment to an end. But she just stood there in the dim light, brooding, pensive, grasping his note. She wore a dark sweatshirt with the hood pulled up. Her legs and feet were bare below a thigh-length miniskirt. She took several steps toward the agent and lifted the note. \"Owen would never leave me,\" she insisted. \"He's thinking about it,\" Alvirez countered. \"You have to try and see things from his perspective. I'm definitely the better caretaker. I get you more than enough blood, and no one dies in the process. I keep you safe from the police. I give you a nice home in the suburbs. How can he possibly compete with all that? You don't need him anymore.\" Her expression grew even more worried, but she said nothing. Alvirez shifted so what illumination there was reflected off Abby's eyes. She looked confused, uncertain – exactly what Alvirez wanted. \"What's Owen really supposed to think?\" Alvirez asked. \"You've had friends before him, maybe even other lovers. You got what you needed out of them. When they were used up you moved on to someone else.\" The agent could see that Abby didn't agree with this narrative. He shifted tactics. \"Or maybe you really did love them,\" he allowed. \"They're still dead. And you're still here. What is there for Owen in all that? A life of slavery as your next caretaker? Can't I be your slave as well as he? Why should he stay with you?\" Abby starting wringing her hands. \"I do love him,\" she protested. \"Does he know that? You keep secrets from him. You won't really talk to him about your former caretakers. Not enough to help him, anyway. You refuse to discuss the details of your condition, even though he desperately craves this information. You won't explain why you don't hide the bodies, or why you won't turn him, or why you don't like to talk about serious things. Understand how frustrating that is for him: you won't talk about why you won't talk. It's enough to drive him crazy.\" Abby's expression degenerated into vacant despair. Alvirez had seen the look before, of course. In Vietnam soldiers had called it the \"thousand-yard-stare.\" The emptiness seemed utterly out of place on such a young, beautiful face. It made Alvirez' heart surge with compassion, but he shoved the emotion down. Now was not the time for mercy. \"You keep so many secrets,\" Alvirez said, \"that he's starting to keep secrets of his own. The older boys in jail raped him dozens of times. He was eventually forced to kill one of them. In Brooklyn he became good friends with a girl named Lisa. She helped Owen sell jewelry and obtain blood. He rented a room for her in your hotel. She went for walks with him on the beach. She committed suicide on Christmas day. Her death is tearing him apart. When he's alone during the day, he thinks about her and misses her. He misses his friends from juvie, too. But he never tells you any of this, does he? He's learned from you that he shouldn't talk, that he can't talk. He buries his feelings and suffers in silence.\" Abby gazed into the distance, shell-shocked. \"It makes sense that Owen would consider me better qualified,\" the agent continued. \"In 1968 I dropped a one-five-five fire mission on an enemy village. Afterwards I patrolled through. There was this cluster of children, eight, ten – it was hard to tell, they were in so many pieces. Their mother lay among them, bleeding, screaming, begging to die. I shot her in the head. \"That's why I'm better qualified, you see. Maybe I haven't killed as many people as you have, but after the first two or three hundred they do start to blur together, now don't they? I understand the guilt and the horror, Abby. The images you can never erase from your mind. The numbness, the deadness, the hopelessness. Owen can sense it, Abby. He can sense I'm able to understand you in a way he never can.\" \"I want nothing to do with you,\" Abby protested. \"Maybe not,\" Alvirez granted. \"But you're willing enough to eat my food and sleep in my house. You're willing enough to let me do your job for you. I'm the one talking to Owen and listening to him. All you ever do is sleep in the bathtub.\" The hurt in her eyes was just horrible. Alvirez didn't stop, though. \"He wants to go to school so badly. Do you know that, Abby? Do you care? He guards you all day, every day. Do you really think he can keep that up? And even if he can, so what? What do you think it'll do to him if he spends the rest of his life alone in your living room?\" Alvirez closed on her. \"Owen's becoming a man,\" he declared. \"A man feels a need to protect his woman. But a man needs more than that. He needs to feel like a good provider. He needs a career and a calling and a sense of place. He needs a vision for the future. You won't even talk about the future. Here and now, that's all you care about. That might be fine when Owen's thirteen. He won't think it's so fine when he's twenty. \"And you already know this! You've seen people grow up. You know how they change. You understand where Owen's headed better than he understands it himself. And tragically, outrageously, appallingly, you have the power to do something about it. You can turn him into a vampire.\" Abby was crying now. Alvirez pushed the dagger deeper. \"I know you hate being a vampire. But here's what you have to ask yourself. If you changed Owen in these current circumstances, he could feed without killing anybody. I'd get him all the blood he needed. So if you changed him, and he never hurt a soul, and he got to be with you forever, would he be happy?\" Abby hung her chin and nodded. \"I think so, too,\" Alvirez agreed. \"So here you are, with the power to make him happy. He knows you can do this for him. Yet you hold back. You refrain. What is he supposed to conclude? He cares about your happiness, but do you really care about his? Do you actually love him? Or are you just using him? And if all you're doing is using him, he might as well let me get used instead.\" \"I do love him,\" she declared. \"Then prove it,\" Alvirez ordered. \"Prove you're more than some selfish, self-centered, manipulative little brat. Give yourself up for him like he gives himself up for you. Commit yourself to making him happy.\" The agent studied her as she processed this challenge. She looked trapped, helpless, hopeless, distressed. She glanced to both sides, buried her face in her hands, and fled. Alvirez watched her go, wondering idly if her relationship with Owen would change in any significant way. Not that he really cared. The agent had discovered what he had set out to learn: when it came to communication, for Abigail Wheeler body language was everything.[Chapter 10] Chapter 10: Date Night Owen heard a knock on the kitchen door. \"You're late,\" he complained as he received twelve bags of blood from Alvirez. He disappeared into Abby's bathroom and emerged a few minutes later, glad that the agent had acceded to gathering samples only after nightfall. It was hard enough trying to prick Abby with a needle without having to do it during the day. \"You were supposed to be here yesterday,\" Owen protested, joining Alvirez at the kitchen table. \"Eight days instead of seven,\" the agent demurred. \"Does it really matter?\" \"If she expects to eat and doesn't, she turns nasty. She expected to eat yesterday.\" \"The Society's proving a bit unwieldy,\" Alvirez said. \"These doctors have a mind of their own, and they have to be the most amoral group of human beings I have ever met in my life. It makes them difficult to control.\" \"Are we going to have to leave?\" Owen asked, concerned. He had no understanding of Alvirez' dealings with the NIH researchers. \"It's just another problem to solve,\" Alvirez assured him. \"I'll figure it out.\" Owen wasn't sure what to make of this. The agent had made a total of four blood deliveries since they'd come to Maryland. One delivery per week, always twelve units at a shot. The regular, frequent feedings had done wonders for Abby's mood swings. The return of Hungry Abby during the last twenty-four hours had been a most unpleasant experience. Not that she had really been hungry, of course. It was just that her expectations had been dashed. \"Your tutor says you're excelling,\" Alvirez noted, changing the subject. \"She says if you keep up this pace you'll be through 8th grade by the end of June. That puts you on track for the fall. That means high school, Owen. I meant what I said. You can go if you want.\" \"I can't leave Abby during the day,\" Owen reminded him. \"Certainly the tutor can keep coming here,\" the agent granted. \"You really need to think about it, though. This is the only chance you're ever going to have to go to high school. Use your new identity, Owen. Have a life.\" \"Abby is my life.\" \"Fine,\" Alvirez grumbled. \"I suppose there's always night school. Just realize that maybe you don't have to give up as much as you think you do.\" \"Why do you say that like you actually care about me? What do you think I'm going to do? Let you stay here and watch her during the day?\" \"You know how much she means to me. I would never let anyone hurt her.\" Owen shook his head. He hated Alvirez' obsession with Abby, hated himself for feeding it. The guy was such a creep. But he was a smart creep. He possessed exactly the sort of knowledge and insight that Owen craved. It was almost enough to make him look forward to the man's visits. \"Have you been going out?\" Alvirez asked. \"Folger Theatre last night,\" Owen answered. \"Romancing the Stone the night before. Splash tonight. We always get dressed up like you say. Abby's getting pretty good with the makeup, I guess. I still think she looks better without it.\" \"It's a disguise, Owen. What difference does it make how she looks?\" \"You never had a girlfriend, did you?\" \"I had a wife, actually, and she's better off without me, believe me. Did you finish the book I assigned?\" Owen pulled a thin, hardback volume from a stack and plopped it on the table. \"How to Win Friends and Influence People,\" Owen said. \"Kind of a stupid name.\" \"It's an old joke,\" Alvirez replied. \"The worst thing this book has going for it is its title. It's really about conversational skills. That's what I want you to take away from it. You talk to people about what they're interested in, not just what you're interested in.\" \"Why should I talk about something I don't want to talk about?\" \"Because that's what it means to be a good conversationalist. Because that's what it means to be a gentleman. Because that's what it means to be an adult. You find out what the other person wants to talk about. And that's what you talk about. Tell me what Abby's interests are.\" \"Movies. Music. Old books, I suppose. Maybe guns and cars. I always want to talk about vampire stuff.\" \"But that's my point,\" Alvirez pressed. \"Abby doesn't want to talk about vampire stuff. What you should be asking yourself is what she does want to talk about. Is there anything she's interested in that you're not?\" \"She's always reading the newspaper.\" \"Have you ever tried discussing the news?\" \"No.\" \"Alright, then. Easy assignment. Read the newspaper and talk to her about it on your date.\" \"It's boring,\" Owen protested. \"All the better. You're doing it because Abby is interested in it. You're doing it to make conversation with her, to be a gentleman. She'll appreciate the effort.\" \"I don't understand the paper,\" Owen admitted. \"So let her explain. If she's really as into current events as you say, she can probably explain quite a bit.\" The agent produced three additional texts and a manila folder thick with photocopies. \"These materials concern the topic of non-verbal communication,\" he said. \"That means all the ways people communicate other than actual words. In practice it's mainly a study of body language. I want you to read through this packet first, then the books.\" Alvirez pulled out a sheet of paper that displayed various facial expressions and body postures. \"It's said between sixty and ninety percent of what we communicate is actually transmitted through non-verbal means: a shift of the eyes, a repositioning of the arms, a change in the lilt of one's voice. You say more with your body than you say with your words. That means the key to understanding what a person is really saying is understanding his body language. \"I want to train you in the interpretation of non-verbal communication. It's going to take a lot of time. I've been studying it for twenty years, and I'm still learning. But I'd like you to start practicing tonight. I want you to focus on two markers: arm movement, and the thousand-yard-stare.\" Alvirez pointed at Owen. \"The crossing of your arms indicates closure. You're closing yourself off, putting a barrier between you and me. It's a sign of resistance, even hostility. If your date crosses her arms it's a very bad sign. But if she uses her arms to gesture, to make a point, to emphasize what she's saying…\" Alvirez motioned with his hands for effect. \"It tells you she's locked in, engaged, relaxed. Hand motions are an indicator your date is enjoying herself. Watch what Abby does with her arms.\" The agent opened his folder and set out ten pictures. \"These subjects have all been through some sort of traumatic stress. Concentration camp survivors, shell-shocked veterans, individuals rescued from natural disasters. This look in their eyes is what I want you to learn. Soldiers call it the thousand-yard-stare. The technical phrase is absence of affect. You see this expression and you know the person has been through hell. These are people who need serious help. These are people who kill themselves.\" \"Abby won't kill herself,\" Owen blurted. \"The monster would never let her.\" \"Is that right?\" Alvirez inquired. \"Well, that's one thing we can thank the monster for. What you want to make sure of is that Abby doesn't get this look on her face. She gets the thousand-yard-stare and your date is over; you might as well go home.\" Owen studied the pictures. \"But…this is Abby,\" he observed. \"Exactly. Your goal on your date is for her to be happy the entire time. For her never to get caught up in the misery of her life. She should simply enjoy the moment. Enjoy being with you. That's what I want you to aim for. Observe how she uses her arms, observe the look in her eyes. If she crosses her arms and becomes distant, you know you're in trouble.\" Alvirez stood up and started pacing between the oven and the refrigerator. \"In my mind there are three primary questions we need to answer: Why won't Abby discuss her taboo topics? Why won't Abby hide the bodies? Why won't Abby turn you into a vampire? Those are the core questions, Owen, so for goodness' sake, whatever you do, don't ask them! In fact, you're better off not asking any questions at all. We should make that part of the assignment, too. Throughout your entire date you're not allowed to ask a single question.\" \"You told me to ask her about the news,\" Owen objected. \"Don't ask her about it. Just tell her what you read. Mention something you don't understand. But don't actually ask her to explain it. You bring the topic up. She's free to discuss it or not, as she sees fit.\" Alvirez stopped for a moment. \"Yes, I like this,\" he said. \"No questions. You're always so serious. You always want her to talk about vampire stuff. She probably has her defenses way up. You've got to back off. Stop trying to go so deep. No questions. None at all. See how she responds.\" \"You're so stupid, nothing you say can be true,\" Abby read. \"Ad Hominem,\" Owen identified. \"Attacking the arguer rather than responding to the argument.\" \"Come on, everyone else is doing it,\" Abby said. \"Mob Appeal,\" Owen replied. \"The percentage of people committed to a course of action does not determine the wisdom of that action.\" \"The Bible is true. How do we know? Because the Bible says so.\" \"Begging the question. The argument assumes what it is trying to prove.\" \"Every morning my alarm goes off. Then the sun comes up. My alarm must cause the sun to come up.\" \"False Cause, Post Hoc Ergo Propter Hoc. Sequence in time does not prove causality.\" \"My house is painted white. White is a good color. I think I'll have pizza for breakfast.\" Owen took a moment to remember this one. \"Non Sequitor,\" he finally pronounced. \"The premises are irrelevant to the conclusion.\" \"The basketball team I'm on is a great team. Therefore I'm a great basketball player.\" \"Division. The properties of the whole do not necessarily belong to the parts.\" \"All rivers have banks. All banks have money. Therefore all rivers have money.\" \"Equivocation. 'Banks' is used with two different definitions. Your turn.\" Owen took the Logic book from Abby and continued reading. \"You either go to college or become a garbage man,\" he said. \"False Dilemma,\" Abby replied. \"There are other possible outcomes.\" \"Charles is arrogant and thinks he knows everything. So let's hear what Charles has to say.\" \"Poisoning the Well,\" Abby said. \"Turning listeners against a speaker before he even presents his argument.\" \"Evolution is change. All animals change. Therefore all animals evolve.\" \"Equivocation. 'Change' is used with two different definitions.\" \"Lots of people with diabetes have heart disease. Diabetes must cause heart disease.\" \"False Cause, Correlation and Causation. Just because two events occur together, it does not necessarily follow that one event causes the other.\" \"The Nazis thought up the idea of eating cheese on crackers. Therefore we shouldn't eat cheese on crackers.\" \"Genetic Fallacy. The origin of an idea does not affect its truthfulness.\" Owen closed the book. \"You're, like, totally awesome at this,\" he declared. \"Thanks,\" Abby said, smiling. \"You have more fun with your homework when I do it with you.\" \"You got that right.\" Owen excused himself to get ready, churning over the list of things he had to keep in mind. Talk about current events. Watch Abby's body language. Don't ask questions. Don't get on super-deep topics. He wondered how on earth he was going to keep it all straight. \"Hey, where's…\" Owen stopped himself, entered Abby's bedroom. \"I can't find my toothpaste,\" he said. Abby turned around and hid the tube behind her back. \"You can have it for a kiss,\" she mumbled around the toothbrush in her mouth. Owen kissed her, getting Crest on his lips. She teased him with the tube before finally handing it over. Owen dressed in his $400 Armani suit. He felt silly, but it was all part of the disguise. Apparently fugitives never pretended to be rich people. He called for a taxi and returned to Abby's bedroom. She was applying makeup. \"The paper says we're sending more aid to El Salvador,\" Owen remarked, feeling like a complete idiot. \"The Communists made all these promises,\" Abby reminisced. \"Everything was going to be perfect. People here made the same promises. I knew it was too good to be true.\" Owen had no idea how to respond to this. What did Communists have to do with El Salvador? What promises was she talking about? And where was El Salvador, anyway? But he wasn't allowed to ask questions. \"President Reagan says he wants to ban chemical weapons,\" Owen commented. \"They did such horrible things to the lungs,\" Abby lamented. \"What…\" Owen began. He tried to change his query into a statement. \"The soldiers breathed the gas,\" he said. Abby nodded. \"The boys who went to France. They got the mustard gas inside them. They came home and got consumption. I almost felt like I was doing them a favor.\" Owen frowned. That sounded like vampire stuff. Alvirez had said no vampire stuff. \"They say Reagan's going to beat Mondale.\" Abby laughed. \"First election, Minnesota and California didn't even exist. I tell you, when I saw Knute Rockne I sure didn't imagine the Gipper becoming president.\" Once again questions surged through Owen's mind. What was Knute Rockne? Who was the Gipper? When Owen got homework help from Abby, he couldn't talk to her about moles, or factor-label problems, or periodic trends. She didn't know science, and she had no interest in learning it. But was Owen limited by the same sort of ignorance? Maybe Abby's knowledge of history dwarfed his so completely that it made certain conversations impossible. Maybe in Abby's eyes Owen was dumb. Alvirez guessed that Abby had lived at least 250 years. That meant she had experienced American history in person. Plus she read the newspaper every day. She had told Owen that the events of the past were jumbled in her mind. Even if that was the case, every topic from the paper still seemed to trigger a memory. If Owen wanted to talk to Abby about current events, was he going to have to learn history? He hated history. It was even more boring than algebra. \"Reagan was an actor,\" Owen said. \"Yes,\" Abby replied. \"Westerns, mostly. They were pretty bad.\" She got up from her mirror and started trying on shoes. \"I could never decide whether or not I liked Westerns,\" she said. \"It's fun to remember the frontier. They're just so unrealistic. I suppose all movies are, though. Rooster Cogburn is my favorite. It's interesting when there's a relationship but it isn't romantic. Although I like Romances more. Westerns don't make good Romances.\" Abby choose heels that matched her black evening dress. The combined effect certainly made her look older, which Owen wasn't certain was a good thing. The wanted posters listed Abby as fourteen now. But Alvirez kept insisting that formal wear was the way to go. The taxi arrived and they headed to Uptown Theater. Owen felt he had satisfied the current events assignment, so he shifted to the book Abby was reading out loud, Anne of Green Gables . It took considerable effort to comment rather than question. \"I don't understand the river scene,\" he said. \"Where Anne is pretending to be Elaine.\" \"It's from a poem called Lancelot and Elaine ,\" Abby explained. \"Do you want me to tell it to you?\" \"Yes,\" Owen said, unsure whether he really wanted to hear it or not. Abby's hands were folded in her lap. Was that better than having her arms crossed? Her expression certainly seemed cheerful enough. \"Please,\" he encouraged. \"King Arthur has nine diamonds,\" she began. \"Each year he has a jousting contest, and the winner gets a diamond. Lancelot wins for eight years. He wants to win the ninth diamond, too. Then he's going to give them all to Guinevere. Arthur's an idiot. He's the only person in the kingdom who doesn't realize Lancelot and Guinevere are having an affair. \"Lancelot decides to compete disguised, I don't remember why. He goes to the castle of Astolat to borrow another man's shield. The man has a sister named Elaine who falls in love with Lancelot the moment she meets him. Lancelot has her keep his shield for him, and he says he'll wear her red sleeve on his helmet. So she thinks he loves her too. But really he only cares about Guinevere. \"He wins the joust but gets wounded. Elaine nurses him back to health. She is totally convinced he loves her. But he won't give her the diamond. He rides back to Camelot and Elaine dies of a broken heart. They put her body in a boat and she floats down the river to Camelot. Lancelot gives the diamonds to Guinevere, but she throws them out the window right as Elaine's boat arrives. Lancelot could have had true love. If only he'd given her the diamond.\" \"So Anne's pretending that she's floating to Camelot dead,\" Owen said. \"That's right. Anne thinks it's romantic.\" Owen knew what he had to do. He knocked on the glass. \"Take us to the mall,\" he ordered the driver. \"We'll catch the late show,\" he explained to Abby. \"Let's go diamond shopping.\" Abby's eyes got big. \"Um…OK,\" she said, a hesitant smile on her face. The clerk in the jewelry store didn't know what to make of them. Owen slipped the woman some cash, and her attitude improved. Owen pointed out several necklaces, but Abby only seemed interested in rings. She evaluated the various diamond shapes, settling on round. She chose white gold for the setting. She spent an hour trying to decide what gem size best matched her hand. By the time they needed to leave, Owen had a good sense of what he ought to come back and buy. The instant their next taxi pulled away from the curb, Abby jumped on Owen and starting smothering him with kisses. He felt self-conscious having an audience, but there was really no choice in the matter: he kissed her back. I should take her shopping more often, Owen thought. They made it to the theater after the previews had already started. They settled near the back and held hands. The movie was funny, but Abby didn't seem to be paying much attention. She kept looking at Owen and caressing his cheek. He didn't think he'd ever seen her so happy. During the ride home Owen kept singing, \"Mr. Mango on my shoulder.\" Eventually he commented to Abby, \"I didn't know people had sex on refrigerators.\" \"I think that was a joke,\" Abby replied. \"I liked the morons,\" he said. \"I didn't like his brother. Some guy looks up my skirt and it's going to be the last thing he ever does.\" \"I think I liked Romancing the Stone better,\" Owen concluded. \"What did you do, wake up this morning and say, 'Today, I'm going to ruin a man's life?'\" \"Joan Wilder? You are Joan Wilder?\" Abby imitated, then switched back to her own voice. \"I think tonight's movie was better,\" she said. \"What I like best is when the man gives something up for the girl. In Romancing the Stone he lets go of the alligator, but he still gets the emerald. In Splash he gives up his whole life to be with Madison. \"It's the best part,\" she mused. \"I don't understand why they always save it till the end. Gilbert gives up his teaching job so Anne can stay with Marilla. It's the best part. Why does it have to come at the very end?\" She put her hand on Owen's face and touched her forehead to his. \"It's better not to wait until the end.\" \"I'm so glad we're together,\" Owen said. Abby embraced him with crushing force. \"You love me,\" she declared. \"You love me so much.\" Owen held her the whole way home, discovering what he had long suspected: a hug really could be better than a kiss. \"How did it go?\" Alvirez asked. Owen pulled a TV dinner from the microwave and grabbed a seat at the table. \"It was hard,\" he said. \"Turning questions into statements. It took so much effort. But I think I did it. I think I went the whole night without asking a single question.\" Owen proceeded to recount the details of last night's date. \"It sounds like it worked really well,\" Alvirez complemented. \"She talked a lot. She had a good time. How was her body language?\" \"I kept forgetting to look at that,\" Owen admitted. \"She did kiss me a lot.\" \"That qualifies as positive body language.\" Alvirez paused for a moment. \"So, let's talk about this jewelry store. You went and looked at diamonds.\" \"That's right.\" \"What did you say before you went? Did you say you were going jewelry shopping?\" \"No, I said, 'Let's go diamond shopping.'\" \"You're sure about that? You're sure you used the word diamond?\" \"Yes.\" \"And how would you describe her demeanor in the store? Was she quiet and reserved? Or was she bubbly and excited?\" \"She was definitely excited. She kept trying on different rings and holding her hand out like this.\" Owen extended his arm to demonstrate. \"She must have had them check her ring size like five times. She's a size 3.\" \"Uh-huh.\" Alvirez rubbed his forehead. \"Tell me, when you were in that store, what was Abby thinking about?\" \"I don't know. Jewelry?\" \"No, Owen. She was thinking about getting married.\" \" What? \" Owen asked, taken aback. \"That's what it means when you take a girl diamond shopping. In Abby's mind, you are planning on asking her to marry you. She just picked out her engagement ring.\" \"I'm thirteen!\" Owen protested. \"Almost fourteen,\" Alvirez countered. \"Does it matter? Haven't you decided to skip being a teenager? Besides, in the era Abby comes from fourteen is a reasonable age for a girl to get married.\" \"She's twelve,\" Owen said, trying to comprehend the mistake he had made. \"She's an old twelve. Don't get so bent out of shape. This issue had to come up sooner or later. It might as well be now. In some ways aren't you two already married? You live together, right? You've committed yourselves to each other. That's marriage, Owen.\" Owen processed this, his lunch forgotten. He was so not thinking about getting married. It was just ridiculous to say that Abby was. She couldn't have misunderstood that badly. \"She'll be expecting you to propose at some point, now,\" Alvirez said. \"Or at the very least to start talking about marriage.\" Owen shook his head in denial. \"I'll have to tell her that's not what I meant.\" Alvirez laughed. \"Trust me, Owen. Whatever else you say to her, do not say that. You've built up her expectations. You dare not crush them. What's so bad about getting married, anyway? I'll get you some pre-marital counseling books. Seeing as how you're engaged and all.\" \"Ugh!\" Owen cried. \"Just be careful what you say,\" Alvirez warned. \"Or tonight could be your last night on earth. Still, the incident is useful. I wish I could have seen her in the store. Was she really schoolgirl giddy?\" \"I guess so,\" Owen said, his mood confused and glum. \"If that's true, it answers some questions. For one thing, she wants to be married. That alone is quite significant. For another thing, she's probably never been married. She might have had other boyfriends. But if you're the first she marries, that may mean she feels differently about you than she felt about them.\" This made Owen uncomfortable. He didn't like imagining Abby having other boyfriends. \"Well, why not?\" Alvirez asked, his voice annoyed. \"You want to make her happy, don't you? You're not planning on leaving her, are you? If marrying her would make her happy, why not do it? Seems pretty simple to me.\" \"I'm…not ready,\" Owen said. \"If you're talking about sex, you don't have to worry. When people your age used to get married, they often waited years before consummating the relationship. No need to rush.\" Owen found himself getting embarrassed. He tried to change the subject. \"Talking about the news didn't really seem to work,\" he commented. \"She responded, didn't she?\" \"Yes,\" Owen granted. \"But I didn't understand her.\" He hesitated. \"I think I don't know enough history to talk to her, at least about certain things.\" \"You're probably right. It's fascinating to imagine how many facts she has stored in her head. The real question, though, is how she analyzes those facts. Does she synthesize all that information like an adult? Or does it just float around randomly, without any organizing paradigm? Such a remarkably unique psychology.\" \"So does that mean I need to learn history?\" \"Of course it does,\" Alvirez answered. \"Your fiancé is 250 years old. Don't you think making an effort to learn some history would make her feel loved?\" Owen sighed. \"History is boring,\" he said. \"No,\" Alvirez corrected. \"History textbooks are boring. There's a huge difference. Textbooks are a blot and stain on the universe. They're all going to burn. Once you get older and start reading primary sources, you learn that history can actually be enjoyable. Fortunately, you don't have to wait until you grow up. You can start reading primary sources now. I'll get you Benjamin Franklin's autobiography. That should give you lovebirds lots of fun things to talk about.\" Alvirez got up and began his customary pacing. \"You see how you discovered things about Abby without trying, without asking. That's the way to learn about someone. Never ask the questions you're really trying to answer. Instead come up with some indirect way of figuring out what you want to know. \"I'm interested in knowing Abby's stage of cognitive development. Is she mentally an adult? A teenager? A child? It's not like you can just go up to her and ask, 'Abby, what is your current stage of cognitive development?' That's why I told you to drill the Logic with her. Pre-adolescents can't do Logic. Their brains haven't started abstracting. The fact that Abby picks it up so easily tells me that intellectually she's at least a young teenager. \"I think your interactions are also helpful in telling us why Abby won't discuss her taboo topics. You understand there are a lot of possible explanations as to why someone won't discuss something. One unpleasant possibility is that Abby is shallow. Maybe she's just an airhead, a ditz, a dumb blonde. She doesn't discuss all this deep stuff with you because she's incapable of discussing anything deeper than the movies.\" \"She's not shallow,\" Owen protested. \"I agree,\" Alvirez said. \"My point is that I think your time last night helps make that clear. She's a whiz at Logic, she obviously thinks about the news she reads, and her analysis of romance stories is actually pretty sophisticated for a twelve-year-old. So I think we can rule airhead out. Whatever reason she won't share, it's not because there's nothing there.\" The agent stopped pacing for a moment. \"She's depressed, of course,\" he thought out loud. \"But she doesn't fit the usual pattern. She's too engaged, too invested. It's not what post-traumatic stress people are usually like.\" Alvirez pulled out the pictures of the concentration camp survivors and set them on the table. Owen didn't like looking at the photographs, but Alvirez made him. \"These people are technically still alive,\" Alvirez said. \"But really they're robots. They go through the motions of life. They eat, bathe. Some hold down jobs. There's nothing really there, though. They're shells. They're waiting to die. \"These victims may have family who love them, who care about them. What do these family members do? They make sure the survivor's basic needs are met. They try to make them feel loved. But what's a realistic goal for the family to pursue? Are they trying to restore the person to what he or she was like before the Holocaust? Is that even possible? \"Now imagine one of these victims had a night like Abby had last night. Laughing, thoughtful, talkative, interested. Wouldn't the family members consider that a miracle? Wouldn't they be thrilled to see their loved one enjoying herself? Wouldn't they be thankful just to see her smile?\" Alvirez rejoined Owen at the table. \"I don't know what Abby's problem is exactly. I don't think any of the diagnostic criteria fit her. We know she's experienced horrible things, more than most people would be able to endure. She's damaged. She has a lot of baggage. The question is what to do with that. \"I say this because I want you to discern if maybe you're setting your sights a little too high. You want to make Abby better. You want to heal her soul. These are admirable goals. But think about what you accomplished last night. You made her smile. You made her talk. You made her enjoy being alive. Given what Abby has been through, aren't those significant accomplishments in their own right?\" \"I used to think making her happy was my goal,\" Owen said. \"But I realized that's not enough. I do want to make her happy. But that's just…a way of getting to where I want to go. I really do want to heal her. I'm not going to give up on that, no matter how impossible it sounds.\" \"You're talking to me about means,\" Alvirez elaborated. \"That's good. Means are what you use to achieve your objective. You have an objective. What exactly are the means you're using?\" \"Three things, I think,\" Owen said. \"I want her to have fun. I want to make her happy. And I want to love her. If I can do those things long enough, and have her not kill anyone else, I think in time it'll make a difference.\" \"Alright,\" Alvirez replied. \"That's definitely a decent plan. And who knows? Maybe it could work. What I'm trying to get you to realize is that the things you're calling means, most people would be content to call ends. The family members of a concentration camp survivor would be so happy if the victim they care about could have fun, and feel happy, and experience love. They'd consider that an amazing victory. And if that's the case, then maybe, just maybe, you're trying to do too much.\" Owen understood what Alvirez was saying. Maybe there was no realistic way to make an undead person whole. It didn't matter, though. Even if the agent was right, Owen had to try. He had to do more for Abby than what her previous caretakers had done. Survival wasn't enough. Even fun and happiness and love were not enough. He was going to make Abby well. Or he was going to die trying. \"I'm sorry,\" Owen said. \"I want more. I want it all.\" \"Well, you two were certainly made for each other,\" Alvirez concluded. \"If having a good time were enough for her, I think she'd change you. If happiness and love were enough, I think she'd change you. I know you find it frustrating that she won't even talk about making you a vampire, but consider this, Owen: I don't think you're the only person who wants more.\"[Chapter 11] Chapter 11: Training What Alvirez appreciated most about Owen was that the child enjoyed ideas. Most people didn't like ideas. Owen wasn't one of them. This distinguishing trait rendered the boy's training not merely possible but propitious. It was a delight to teach him. \"All a person needs is love,\" Alvirez said. \"Abby receives love from you. Therefore, Abby has everything she needs.\" \"Valid syllogism,\" Owen replied, fidgeting in his seat at the kitchen table. \"The conclusion follows necessarily from the premises. But…unsound?\" \"Why?\" the agent asked. \"I guess because the first premise isn't true. A person needs more than love.\" \"Good. Next one. Time heals all wounds. Abby has all the time in the world. Therefore, all her wounds will be healed.\" \"Valid syllogism.\" Owen hesitated. \"I know you want me to say it's unsound.\" \"It is unsound,\" Alvirez maintained. \"Time does not heal all wounds.\" The agent could see Owen didn't appreciate this. \"I haven't killed a soul for fifteen years, Owen. It doesn't make up for what I did. Or make it go away. Or make me feel better about it. Maybe time can allow superficial wounds to heal. Major damage requires something more.\" The agent moved on. \"If evolution is true, then there is no such thing as right and wrong. If there is no such thing as right and wrong, then there is nothing to feel guilty about. Therefore, the way to rid people of guilt is to convince them that evolution is true.\" \"Uh, valid syllogism, I think,\" Owen answered. \"Is it sound?\" \"It's a tricky one,\" Alvirez explained. \"It commits equivocation by confusing objective and emotional guilt. Even if objective guilt is an illusion, thinking that it's an illusion does not automatically make a person's guilty feelings go away. But the argument also begs the question by assuming the truth of philosophic naturalism. That's the belief that matter, energy, time, and chance are all that exist. Tell me, what is wrong with the statement, 'I cannot speak a word of English?'\" \"It doesn't make sense. If you can say it then you can speak a little English at least.\" \"Exactly. We say that the sentence is self-contradictory. How about this belief. The only facts we can know for certain are those facts we can prove through scientific experimentation.\" \"That belief can't be proved through scientific experimentation.\" \"Good. Now tell me what's wrong with this proposition: Reason teaches that matter, energy, time, and chance are all that exist.\" Alvirez watched Owen churn through the question. He found himself rooting for his student, hoping the boy would figure it out. Owen's face brightened. \"If Reason teaches it, then Reason exists – and Reason isn't matter, energy, time, or chance.\" \"Excellent!\" Alvirez said. \"You're really doing quite well at this, Owen. The fallacies were junior high material. But formal Logic is high school level stuff.\" \"Abby doesn't like it as much.\" \"Keep trying. Maybe it'll click. Part of her problem might be her lack of math. It's a shame she didn't get any taught to her growing up.\" Alvirez switched books and subjects. \"Today I want to introduce the concept of personality types. We're going to use what's known as the Meyers-Briggs Personality Inventory. It classifies people in four categories: Introversion vs. Extroversion, Intuitive vs. Sensing, Thinking vs. Feeling, and Judging vs. Perceiving. \"This book explains it all in about two hundred pages. I want you to give it a try, although a lot of it will probably be pretty challenging. I'm going to give you a basic treatment now using just this handout. What I tell you is going to be overly simplistic, so don't bite my head off later if you decide I left out something important.\" Introversion/Extroversion (I/E) concerns how much you like spending your free time with other people. If you find yourself always wanting to hang out with others, you're an Extrovert. If you like to rest and relax by spending time alone, you're an Introvert. Intuitive/Sensing (N/S) concerns how your mind reaches conclusions. If you are able to skip from A straight to Z, you are iNtuitive. If you go systematically A, B, C, etc., you are Sensing. Sensing people tend to be practical and hands-on. Intuitive people tend to prefer theory and ideas. Thinking/Feeling (T/F) concerns how you make decisions. Every person thinks and feels. If you make decisions based on a rational thought process, you are Thinking. If you make decisions based on emotion, you are Feeling. Judging/Perceiving (J/P) concerns the speed with which you make decisions. If you reach conclusions quickly, you are Judging. If you prefer to take more time gathering information before reaching a conclusion, you are Perceiving. \"Every person is assigned four letters,\" the agent continued, \"resulting in sixteen possible personality types. It's all rather artificial, of course, but in practice it can be quite useful.\" Alvirez pulled out a pencil and started pointing to each section of the handout. \"Abby shuns people,\" he said, \"which by default makes her an introvert. The second one I'm less certain about. Does she display any interest in mechanical things, or in doing stuff with her hands?\" \"No,\" Owen answered. \"Alright. Then for now let's call her intuitive. She obviously makes decisions based on emotion. And you tend to do the planning and organizing, right? So I'm going to say she's perceiving. Put all that together and you get INFP as Abby's personality. Then you look that type up and see what the book says: INFP – Creative, smart, idealist, loner, attracted to sad things, disorganized, avoidant, can be overwhelmed by unpleasant feelings. An INFP's feelings form the foundations of the individual. They are sacred and binding, in the sense that their emergence requires no further justification. An INFP's feelings are often guarded, kept safe from attack and ridicule. Only a few, close confidants are permitted entrance into this domain. \"Well,\" Alvirez admitted, \"I'm not sure that really tells us anything we didn't already know. The types are really useful when it comes to relationships, though. You're probably an INFJ. Look at the three areas you and Abby have in common, see where that might leave your relationship with some blind spots. Look at the one area where you're different, and see how you might complement each other. The most successful couples tend to share three out four letters. That bodes well for you.\" Alvirez got up from the table. \"Most psychologists probably wouldn't attempt a personality inventory at your age. You're still forming, changing. Your scores could be totally different five or ten years from now. Although that raises the interesting question of whether or not Abby is even capable of change. It would be a good case study to examine her now and again in ten years, and see if her personality has altered in any significant way. \"Don't beat yourself up if you can't handle Meyers-Briggs right away,\" Alvirez added. \"It can take some time to internalize. What I really want is for you to appreciate the fact that people are different. \"Now I realize at one level you already know this. Kids form clicks with students who are like themselves. You've seen this in practice. What I mean is that I want you to appreciate differences in people well enough that you can learn how to get along with them and work with them, even though they're not like you. \"Let me give you an example. You're in a relationship with Abby. The two of you have a lot in common, but in other ways you're different. Perhaps physical touch makes her feel loved, while time spent talking makes you feel loved. If you don't appreciate this difference and learn to work around it, it's going to create a lot of problems. You'll always be trying to talk to Abby, when all she really wants is a hug. And she'll always be trying to hug you, when maybe what you really want is for her to talk.\" \"So what are you saying?\" Owen asked. \"That I should hug her more?\" \"No, what I'm saying is that there's a difference between having affection for someone and making that person feel loved. Love isn't really an emotion at all. It's more an action. To love Abby means to do something for her. The question is what. What loving act can you perform that will have the intended effect? The idea is to get to know her, and to do for her what she will appreciate rather than just doing what you wish she would do for you.\" \"So you're saying I really do need to learn history.\" \"Of course, learn history. But do you think that's the most loving thing you can do for her? Aim big, Owen. Get to know her. Find out what she most wants you to do. And remember, every person's self-knowledge is limited. She may not actually understand herself well enough to know what it is she most wants you to do. Figure it out, Owen. No matter what it takes, figure it out. Never, ever take the lazy route and settle for doing what you want her to do.\" Owen interrupted him. \"Are you really qualified to give relationship advice?\" he asked. \"Of course not,\" Alvirez admitted. \"I've got a bitter ex-wife to prove it. Knowing all this stuff is helpful, but bare knowledge can't get you anywhere in life. I have a superior intellectual grasp of post-traumatic stress disorder, body language, and personality types. My brilliance didn't save my marriage, though. It's not knowledge that counts, Owen. It's what you do with it. Hopefully you'll do a better job than I did.\" Alvirez gathered his stuff and prepared to leave. \"You know,\" he said, \"there is something else you can maybe start helping with. It's pretty advanced, but you can try. In determining Abby's personality type, it's possible we'll actually have to develop two profiles, one for Abby and one for the monster. But what I really want to figure out is if that's even the right way to think about her. Is she two separate personalities? Or do girl and monster merge in a more complex manner?\" \"When Abby vamped before attacking Virginia,\" Owen offered, \"she said 'go away' to me. It was the monster's voice, but they were Abby's words, I think. So some of Abby was still left, even when she was in monster form.\" \"That's exactly the sort of thing I'm talking about,\" Alvirez replied. \"Think about times when there's a definite mix of Abby and monster. How do the two interact? How do they affect or control each other? Are we evaluating two people, or just one hybrid persona? I'd really like to know.\" Alvirez toured his secret lab on a warm May evening. So far nine men had been granted access to the facility. Five of them were currently at work. The agent observed their labors for a few minutes, then led the senior researcher to his office. \"They seem pretty focused,\" Alvirez observed as he settled behind his desk. \"It is a truly unique project,\" Dr. Mecklenburg commented, finding a seat of his own. The lead scientist was a tall man in his late forties, with crystal-blue eyes and an overabundance of energy. \"Every time I take a look, Stan is here,\" Alvirez noted. \"He may not be the smartest man on the team,\" Mecklenburg remarked. \"But he is definitely the most zealous. He does everything I ask of him.\" Alvirez nodded. He had desired two senior researchers. That would have enabled him to play the doctors against each other. But Mecklenburg wielded so much more ambition than Dr. Samarth. There was no doubt in any member's mind as to which scientist was really in charge. \"I'd appreciate a progress report,\" Alvirez said. \"It's been eight weeks.\" \"Our technology limits us,\" Mecklenburg explained. \"We can't do the kind of genetic testing we want. Maybe in forty or fifty years.\" \"But if it's infectious, does genetic testing matter?\" \"It does if the pathogen alters DNA, which it very well may. That's assuming there is a pathogen, of course. We still haven't been able to isolate a definitive infectious agent.\" \"You've found strange things in her blood,\" Alvirez noted. \"Yes,\" Mecklenburg granted. \"But that doesn't mean we've identified them. Truth is, we still have no idea what we're dealing with. It would really help if we knew the subject's symptoms.\" \"In time,\" Alvirez demurred. \"You've told me and Dr. Samarth that the samples come from the vampire girl. But how does that bare piece of information advance our work in any way? Are we just supposed to read the tabloids and guess at the girl's presentation? We need to examine her.\" \"She would never permit a medical exam. It's hard enough getting her blood.\" Mecklenburg leaned forward. \"It seems the subject enjoys far too much freedom, given the great danger she poses to society. A compelled detention would protect the populace, while granting us additional avenues of research. We could observe her behavior and obtain tissue samples.\" Alvirez frowned. He wanted to suggest that Abby's rights and wishes be taken into account, but such a line of reasoning would carry no weight with Mecklenburg. The guy was old-school: the strong survive, the weak die. And in his mind, he was the strong and whomever he felt like studying was the weak. In another generation Mecklenburg would have experimented on Jews. He wouldn't have lost any sleep over it, either. The scientist continued his argument. \"Incarceration would protect us from another risk you seem unwilling to acknowledge, namely, the risk of losing the subject. Currently what is there to prevent her escape? If she should slip from your control, we surrender the ability to continue investigating her condition. We simply cannot allow her to escape.\" Alvirez wondered what to do. In Mecklenburg's mind, Abby was nothing more than an interesting animal. She should be caged and studied, end of discussion. It wasn't just that, though. The man labored under some bizarre sense of entitlement. In his mind scientists were the new philosopher-kings before whom all other creatures should bow. Mecklenburg had a right to Abby, an absolute claim upon her life and existence, simply because of what he was. The agent wanted to argue with Mecklenburg, explain that if his naturalist worldview were true no one could be entitled to anything. But the irony of the researcher's mindset was a strange immunity to reason. Mecklenburg knew what he wanted, and the universe owed it to him. Which left Alvirez in a difficult quandary: Mecklenburg could not be controlled. Alvirez closed the blinds and showed Owen a video. He was conscious of Abby asleep in her bathroom, but it took a lot to awaken her during the day. He reckoned he could be pretty liberal with the volume and still not disturb her. \"This girl is being interviewed by an expert interrogator,\" the agent explained. \"Focus on her facial expression as she answers this first question.\" On the TV screen a middle-aged woman asked a blonde high school girl, \"How did your evening go?\" The girl smiled. \"It went really well,\" she said. Alvirez paused and rewound. \"Look at the turn of her lips,\" Alvirez noted. \"That indicates the smile is genuine. But did you notice what she did with her arms?\" \"She closed them together in front of her,\" Owen replied. \"Exactly. That means she might have something to hide.\" The agent hit play. \"What did you do at the party?\" the interviewer asked. \"I hung out with my friends,\" the girl replied. Alvirez paused again. \"She's telling the truth,\" the agent explained. \"But did you see the shift in her eyes? She holding something back, something she doesn't feel comfortable saying.\" They continued watching. \"What was the best thing that happened at the party?\" \"Well,\" the girl offered, hesitant. \"I met a boy. He was really cute. I told my friends about him and they were, like, 'No way, he's not hot.' But I said he totally was. Then they wondered what school he went to. And I said, 'Clifton,' and they were, like, 'You can't go out with a guy from Clifton.' I said it didn't matter where he went. He has a car. And they asked if I gave him my number, and I wouldn't say. But they kept pestering me, so finally I told them. And they wanted to know what I would say if he called…\" After several more minutes of this Alvirez stopped the video. \"A novice,\" Alvirez said, \"would look at this and say the key piece of information is that the girl met some guy at a party. She was trying to hide it, right? And she looked relieved when she finally divulged it. But think about what you just heard, Owen. What did the girl actually focus on during the interview?\" \"Her conversation with her friends,\" Owen answered. \"Perfect,\" Alvirez said. \"She certainly had a good time at the party, but it wasn't because she met a boy. It was because she got to talk about the boy with her friends. Consider how animated she became, the dramatic use of her hands as she recounted the conversation. That poor boy might have gone away thinking she was interested in him. Really all she was interested in was talking to her friends about him. The talking was the high point of her evening, not the boy.\" Alvirez got up and opened the blinds. \"People are complicated,\" he explained. \"Do you think this girl really understood why she had such a good time? Do you think she could have articulated, 'The party was great because I got to talk to my friends about a boy?' If pressed, she'd probably just have said that she had a good time because she met a boy. Which means at this moment we actually understand her better than she understands herself. \"But even then, do we really understand her? Motives and emotions are multi-layered and complex. Likely there are other reasons why she had such a good time. The food could have been first rate. She might have just gotten over an illness. Maybe the college of her dreams just accepted her. Maybe she was on drugs. Maybe she got to drive on her own for the first time. \"Never settle, Owen. Never stop and think you understand a person just because you discover something they're hiding, or because you think you've got their body language nailed, or because they open up with you. There is always more. Always. You can never get to the bottom of a human being.\" They returned to the kitchen table and pulled out some photocopies. \"You read it all?\" Alvirez asked. \"I did,\" Owen replied. \"The glasses you've started wearing show that your body is changing,\" Alvirez began. \"What we're focusing on here is not outward physical change but inward mental or cognitive change. This stage stuff can be pushed too far, of course. My mother used to explain away everything I said with, 'It's just the phase you're in,' and it would really piss me off. Yet the basic truth holds: as a child grows his brain becomes capable of performing tasks that simply were not possible at an earlier stage of development. \"You've studied four tragedies with your tutor. This choice of subject material was deliberate on my part because I wanted you exposed to these three clusters of questions.\" Alvirez passed Owen a handout. Child: Who are the main characters? What is the basic plot? What do the most famous lines mean? Teenager: What are the distinctive features common to all tragedies? What are the protagonists' tragic flaws? What might the tragedy teach about the author and his time? Adult: What is it about viewing tragedies that audiences find cathartic? How do tragedies speak to the universal human condition? Is life tragic? Why or why not? \"I know you can answer the child and teen questions,\" Alvirez said, \"because your tutor tells me you can. What I'd like you to realize today is that your brain is not finished developing. In a few years you'll be able to deal with the adult questions. You may even want to deal with them. And I want to ask you: how important is that to you? Do you want to mature into an adult mentally ?\" Owen shrugged. \"You have to wonder where Abby is,\" Alvirez observed. \"She knows a lot more Shakespeare than you do. But is she able to engage in an adult analysis of all that information? Or is she stuck with the mentality of a teenager? Do you think she could answer this last group of questions?\" Owen studied the sheet. \"I don't know,\" he replied, his face uncertain. \"I don't think you realize how much you've changed since you and Abby fled Los Alamos,\" the agent said. \"You're turning fourteen this week. So much of what I've taught you you never would have been able to understand when you were twelve. You're mind is developing, and it's developing rapidly. Do you really want to halt that process? Because I think that's exactly what's going to happen if Abby turns you into a vampire.\" \"Maybe that's why she should change me,\" Owen countered. \"Before we're too different to be together.\" \"It's a reasonable point,\" Alvirez allowed. \"If she is going to change you, in a lot of ways it makes more sense for her to do it now rather than wait until you're older. I guess what I'm really hoping is that you recognize there are disadvantages to being a vampire besides becoming a mass-murderer. You lose the ability to grow up, to change, to mature. Maybe that doesn't matter to you. But you have to ask if it matters to Abby.\" Owen's face became thoughtful. \"You know,\" the boy said, \"she mentioned once that she wished she looked like Brooke Shields. I thought she meant Brooke Shields looked prettier, which I didn't understand. But maybe she meant Brooke Shields looked older .\" \"That's an interesting possibility, although I'm more interested in Abby's mind than in her physical appearance. Does Abby hate being trapped in the mentality of a thirteen-year-old? Because if she does, then providing her with murderless blood isn't going to solve all her problems. She'll still be frozen on the cusp of adulthood, never capable of reaching her potential. And what, Owen, could you ever do about that?\" In July Alvirez decided to bring Dr. Mecklenburg into the fifth circle. The agent sat behind his desk and waited as the scientist perused Abby's file. It took a good thirty minutes. Alvirez observed the doctor's body language throughout the process, and was very unhappy at what he saw. Mecklenburg became more and more agitated, until finally it was obvious that the man could scarcely contain his fury. \"She has to be incarcerated,\" Mecklenburg concluded, closing the file. \"She has to be contained immediately .\" \"What scientific benefit would really accrue from placing her in a cage?\" Alvirez asked. Mecklenburg shook his head, clearly mystified at the agent's slowness. \"She has to be held here,\" he insisted. \"Why can't you see that?\" Alvirez could hear the incredulity and outrage in the researcher's voice. How dare Alvirez and Owen \"have\" Abby! She belonged to Mecklenburg. The universe owed her to Mecklenburg. She was his rightful property, to do with as he saw fit. No one could be permitted to stand in his way. Alvirez had hoped sharing this information might mollify the doctor. In fact it had only made the situation worse. Mecklenburg was a walking contradiction, a scientist who wanted to be a sorcerer. He longed for occult knowledge, dark magic, unclean secrets. Abby was the spell book that would grant Mecklenburg the noisome power he craved. The agent finally understood why he couldn't manipulate the scientist. The man was a Nazi. And history demonstrated there was only one way to deal with Nazis: you shot them. If Alvirez wanted to maintain control of the Society, he was going to have to kill Mecklenburg. He realized in hindsight that this shouldn't have surprised him. The Society was a criminal organization, after all. What kind of men could it reasonably be expected to attract? It was not a secret society so much as a gang. And gangs were ruled through violence. \"We'll build a sub-basement with a cage,\" Alvirez suggested, pretending to give in. \"It's going to have to be an awfully strong cage. Then we have to figure out how to get her in it. I reckon we'll have to do the construction work ourselves, though. I'll start ordering the necessary equipment.\" Mecklenburg strode from the office, momentarily appeased. Alvirez had to kill him. No choice. But Alvirez didn't want to kill him. There simply had to be another way. Violence was the last refuge of the incompetent. The agent hated to think of himself as incompetent. Surely if he tried hard enough, he could conceive of a non-violent solution. There had to be another way. Alvirez had Owen join him in the garage, showed him the car he had obtained. \"This vehicle is registered in your false identity,\" the agent explained. He handed the boy a packet of documents. \"This is everything the two of you will need. Birth certificates, social security cards, driver's licenses, passports. It's really precious stuff, Owen. Try not to blow it.\" He stuffed the documents into the glove compartment and popped the trunk. \"This is a satellite phone,\" the agent continued. \"You'll be able to talk to me from anywhere in the country. Try turning it on at 10:00 AM and 2:00 PM, Eastern Time. That's when I'll try to call you.\" Alvirez pulled a revolver from a holster. \"This is a .357 Magnum. It fires.38 Special ammunition, as well as genuine Magnum rounds. Use the .38 rounds to practice. They have less recoil. Once you get good enough, switch to the Magnum ammo. It'll really take some getting used to, but make yourself do it. You want the high-velocity rounds when you're in the bush.\" \"I have my shotgun,\" Owen objected. \"I'm not saying get rid of the shotgun. I'm saying keep a sidearm as well. You never know when you're going to need to defend yourself, and the old saying is true: the best gun in the world is the one you have with you.\" Alvirez returned the weapon to the trunk. \"Your backpacks, outdoor clothing, survival gear – it's all in the backseat. You still have your money hoard from Brooklyn?\" Owen nodded. \"If I were you, I'd stash at least half of it in here. That way you can take off at a moment's notice.\" \"Why are you doing this?\" Owen asked. \"Because sh- happens,\" Alvirez answered. \"Now listen to me. If I call you and tell you to bug out, you bug out. You don't pack anything, you don't wait for an explanation. You grab Abby and run whether it's day or night. Head west to the mountain states. You'll find a collection of license plates under the seat, with alternate registrations. That'll help you blend in. \"There's also a packet of names and addresses: potential targets for Abby. The men on that list are sex offenders. I don't know if that'll assuage your conscience, but at least it'll help you keep from getting caught. Such men skip parole all the time. No one will go looking for them.\" Alvirez placed a hand on his student's shoulder. \"Now here's the deal, Owen. You have to hide the bodies. Abby should hunt outside while it's raining. The water will wash away evidence. But then you have to bury the remains. And I mean six feet down. Bury the body at a different location from where Abby feeds. \"If you don't bury the bodies, you're going to get caught. It's as simple as that. Bury the bodies and the police have nothing but missing person reports. If she leaves her kills out for forensic investigation, she is going to be tracked, and you, at least, are going to be captured. I wasn't kidding when I told you about new technologies. The resources at the FBI's disposal are simply unreal. Am I making myself clear? Hide the bodies if you want to survive.\" \"I bought the ring,\" Owen said. Alvirez paused for a moment to consider this. \"Good,\" he replied. \"That's real good. Just make sure you find the right time to give it to her. She's a romantic, you know.\" The agent realized there was a problem the instant he started checking out the lab. Every man was too formal, too friendly. Their eyes held secrets. Alvirez knew what must have happened: Mecklenburg had shared his knowledge of Abby with the rest of the Society. The researcher was doing what Alvirez had hoped to do himself: grant access to the inner circle in exchange for loyalty. These doctors now belonged to Mecklenburg. If once they managed to get Abby into the cage, Charles Alvirez was a dead man. Alvirez retreated to his office and emptied his safe of planning documents, Abby's file, and the few precious photographs of the girl he had managed to sneak. He laid out the blueprint for the new sub-basement and tried to figure out what he was going to do. Killing Mecklenburg would no longer be enough. Not at this point. To regain control of the Society, Alvirez would have to stage a public execution. He would have to feed Mecklenburg to Abby while every single doctor watched. That, and that alone, could restore the balance. The evil Nazi scientist would be offered up to the vampire in a ritual of dark sacrifice. And then they really would be a Secret Society. Alvirez opened the Yellow Pages and began searching for wood-chippers. \"This pyramid is called Maslow's Hierarchy,\" Alvirez explained, leaning across the kitchen table and pointing to the handout in front of Owen. \"According to Maslow, the needs of human beings can be organized into five levels. The bottom level contains the most basic biological needs – air, water, food, shelter, sex, sleep. The second level are what he called safety needs – security, order, law, limits, stability. Third level are belongingness and love needs – family, affection, relationships, work groups. Fourth level contains esteem needs – achievement, status, responsibility, reputation. And the highest level Maslow called self-actualization – personal growth, becoming the person you were meant to be. \"Now I realize some of this sounds like psycho-babble,\" the agent said, \"so don't over think it. The key idea is that human beings are not animals. We need things that animals don't need. The needs toward the bottom of the pyramid are ones we share in common with animals, yes. But the higher needs are more abstract: psychological, emotional, transcendent requirements unique to human existence.\" Alvirez pointed at the bottom of the pyramid. \"Abby has proven that she can meet these needs on her own.\" He pointed to the middle of the pyramid. \"These are the needs she requires you to meet. And it seems like you do a good job meeting them.\" He pointed to the top. \"What you have to learn is what other needs she possesses, and you have to learn whether or not you're actually capable of meeting them.\" Owen furrowed his brow. \"I don't understand any of this stuff at the top,\" he said. Alvirez nodded. \"That's why I call it psycho-babble. Forget about Maslow's terminology. Try to fill in the top level yourself. What do you think man's loftiest needs are, the longings he spends his life pursuing once his basic requirements are satisfied? Become a student of human nature, Owen. What does man, and man alone, have to have?\" The agent circled the top of the pyramid. \"This is what you've been trained for,\" he emphasized. \"You must take everything I've taught you and use it to discover what's missing in Abby's life. And it's not like you can ask her, of course. You have to utilize some indirect…\" Alvirez stopped and glanced over his shoulder. A man kicked in the door. Alvirez had time to recognize Stan before the doctor pointed a gun and shot him in the chest. The impact threw Alvirez to the floor. Stan reached down and seized the agent's firearm. Then he stepped over Alvirez and passed into the living room. Alvirez rolled onto his stomach. He realized another person had entered the house. The agent assumed this had to be Mecklenburg, but discovered he was wrong. The second intruder was a woman. Alvirez did not recognize her. He watched as she pistol-whipped Owen across the face. The boy collapsed. Abby burst from her bedroom, face patchy and discolored, eyes glowing yellow. Stan aimed his gun at Abby, but the woman dropped hers and pulled out a knife. With this she cut her skin, causing blood to drip down her forearm. Abby sprang on the woman, biting her neck. The next instant Stan started firing, driving Abby away. Stan then hunched over the unknown woman. He produced surgical instruments from a bag and began repairing the damage to the woman's neck. Alvirez lifted his head. He could just make out Abby, motionless and crumpled in the corner. Owen was attempting to rise onto his hands and knees. The boy glanced at Alvirez and the agent shook his head. Owen stayed where he was. Stan picked up the woman and fled the way he had come. The three of them were alone. Owen managed to get to his feet. \"Put her in the car,\" Alvirez croaked. \"Get me the gasoline.\" The boy did as he was told. He shouldered Abby and disappeared with her into the garage, returning a minute later with the gas can. Owen considered the agent for a moment. Then he started running around the house, opening up windows. He piled his books in a mound near Alvirez. So many books! \"Good,\" Alvirez whispered. \"Be sure to close the garage. Now go,\" he demanded. \"Just go.\"[Chapter 12] Chapter 12: The Grave Owen drove his Oldsmobile west. Abby lay buried in a sleeping bag in the back seat. She made no sound. She did not appear to be breathing. Owen had no idea if her four wounds would heal or not. He had long since cried himself out, however. He concentrated on the road. It was 1:13 AM, August 3, 1984. Alvirez had really blown it. That much Owen understood. Abby's secret had gotten out and some stranger had forced Abby to bite her. Owen wondered how long the vampiric transformation took, if the unknown woman was already running amok in Maryland. He wondered if she would know to stay out of the sun. He wondered if she would bite the man who had come with her and turn him into a vampire also. He and Abby had trusted Alvirez. Things had been going so well. Murderless blood for over four months, without the torments of the Brooklyn ghetto. Going on dates all the time – movies and shopping and Shakespeare and the Kennedy Center. Just last night they had gone and seen Cyrano de Bergerac. Abby had absolutely adored the performance. Already it seemed like another life. And the schooling! What was Owen going to do without his tutor? Without Alvirez? Although the agent certainly hadn't been smart enough to prevent this disaster. He had seen it coming, of course; Owen realized that now. But the man should have done something to keep it from happening. Owen wondered if Alvirez was alive or dead. He wondered if he cared. Owen crossed into Indiana and heard a rustling from the back seat. Fresh tears burst from his eyes. Abby was alive! He knew she would heal! Four bullets couldn't kill a vampire. She was made of tougher stuff. He exited the highway quickly and found a back road. It had only been six days since Abby had last eaten, but Owen reckoned it wouldn't matter. Abby would wake up confused and hungry and thoroughly pissed. He parked in some woods, opened both passenger doors, and backed away from the vehicle a good twenty yards. When Abby surged from the car she was all monster. She growled at Owen and took to the air. Owen watched her disappear. Then he rooted for supplies, found bottles of water and fresh clothes. Abby returned a couple of hours later. Owen gave her some space to clean up as best she could. He let her take the initiative in approaching him. They embraced for a long time, Owen desperately grateful that she was still in this world, still a part of his life. \"I'm so sorry I didn't watch over you better,\" Owen apologized. \"None of that,\" Abby said. \"You love me. That's all that matters.\" They returned to the Oldsmobile and got back on the highway, Abby laying on the passenger seat with her feet in Owen's lap. Such precious, adorable feet. How amazingly wonderful that Abby was alive. Owen kept staring at her. He smiled, he laughed, he cried. Such a remarkable effect Abby could work upon him. She made him so happy! Three nights later found them camping in an empty track of Montana wasteland. Abby showed Owen the proper way to hold a revolver, but she didn't seem very interested in watching him practice. Owen discovered that he was actually pretty good with the .357, certainly better than he was with the 12-gauge. He still missed his shotgun, though. Like so many things it had been left behind in Bethesda. They had managed to obtain several newspapers, and the articles did not disappoint. Apparently Owen Wheeler had shot FBI Agent Charles Alvirez and left him for dead. The boy had even tried to burn the house down around the wounded man. Alvirez had managed to crawl from the building before it had collapsed in flames. The tough old bastard was now recovering in a Montgomery County hospital. And that wasn't all. The papers claimed that Abby had attacked victims in Indiana and Maryland – on the same night. Owen knew about Indiana. He assumed the Maryland assault had to be the woman Abby had bitten. The new vampire had killed a medical researcher named Stanley DeRose. She had ripped him to pieces, actually. Owen felt badly about the increased body count, but he hoped having another vampire on the rampage would at least distract the FBI's attention. Owen wished Alvirez would call on the satellite phone. He had so many unanswered questions. He wanted the man's advice. The agent had left a thick stack of photocopies in the van. The packet included subjects the two of them had already studied together – conversation techniques, psychological disorders, Maslow's Hierarchy. But there was lots of other stuff the agent had never taught him. Owen assumed this was material Alvirez had been planning on getting to. He wanted the agent to go over it with him. Owen turned on their small radio and found a show highlighting chick rockers. He settled beside the fire and tried to make conversation. \"Pat Benatar, Stevie Nicks, Joan Jett, Ann and Nancy Heart. These are women you could really get in touch with,\" he teased. Abby did not reply. She had been withdrawn and depressed since the events in Maryland. Owen didn't know what to do for her. Abby had eaten just a few days ago, so whatever the reason for her mood, it wasn't hunger. Had she enjoyed living in Bethesda, and now felt disappointed at the experiment's failure? Did the return to killing for food discourage her? Did she miss all the stuff they had lost? Did she miss going to the movies? Owen wanted to broach these subjects without pestering Abby with questions, but he felt dull, uncreative. He wished Alvirez would call. \"I understand this topic might make you uncomfortable,\" Owen eventually said, \"and I'm sorry I have to bring it up. Alvirez made it clear that the key to not getting caught is hiding the bodies. He put a shovel and a pick-axe in the trunk. He told me to dig a grave six feet deep. He also provided a list of people we should consider hunting. One of them lives in Eastern Montana. I think we should go there tonight and scope out his house.\" Abby had nothing to say to this, but she joined Owen for the 45-minute trip. It was a thoroughly unpleasant drive. Abby brooded in the back seat, distant and sullen. Owen felt uncomfortable and guilty about planning the act of murder. It didn't matter that the guy was scum. Owen didn't want to kill people. And as he had learned from his legal studies, there was a world of difference between killing someone in the heat of the moment and killing someone with premeditation. This drive to Broadus, Montana was the very definition of premeditation. It was 2:30 in the morning when they finally found the man's house and drove past it. There were no other homes nearby; Abby could attack and feed with little risk of getting caught. \"Alvirez said you should feed outside in the rain,\" Owen explained. \"I'm assuming you can draw the guy into the backyard and eat on the grass. Then I would drive up. We would load the body into the trunk and drive it to the grave. Which we'll have to dig in advance.\" Owen could tell this conversation was getting him nowhere, but what could he do? His involvement in the hunt was necessary if the bodies were going to be hidden. The nights of just letting Abby fly off and kill at random had to end. And they had to end now. About a mile from the house, Owen found an overgrown field behind a copse of trees. They got out and scoped the sight. \"This will make a good spot for the grave,\" he commented. He grabbed the tools from the car and started digging. Abby refused to have anything to do with the task, choosing instead to sulk in the car. Owen used a lantern, but the job was still hard to perform in the dark. Breaking up the dirt proved a lot harder than Owen thought it would. He shoveled soil for two hours, till his hands were blistered and his back cramped in knots. When he stopped for the night he was amazed at how little he had accomplished. Six feet meant even deeper than Owen was tall. That would take days of labor. No wonder murderers didn't hide their victims! They headed back to their campsite. Owen's hands and clothes were filthy, but that wasn't what made him unclean. He was planning a murder. He was working at the disposal of the victim's body. Letting Abby fly off and hunt alone, never thinking too hard about what she was really doing, pretending between kills that they were just another happy couple – it was so much easier than joining Abby in the evil task. It didn't matter than she needed to eat. It didn't matter than her next meal was a loser. Owen didn't want to hurt people. Four days later Alvirez called at 12:00 noon, Montana time. Owen marveled at how glad he was to hear the man's voice. He got right to the point. \"What happened?\" Owen demanded. \"I wouldn't kill a man who needed killing,\" Alvirez answered. \"Of all the crazy times to discover I still have a conscience. Who would've thought?\" \"Who were they?\" Owen asked, longing for details. \"Stan and Lucy DeRose,\" Alvirez said. \"Stan was a member of the Society. From what I've been able to figure out, Lucy was dying from some rare disease. Stan did it to try and save her. He didn't understand what he was getting himself into, though. He was the first person Lucy ate.\" \"She's hunting in Maryland,\" Owen commented. \"She's a loose cannon,\" Alvirez informed him. \"She's wild, out of control. The media are still saying it's Abby. The forensics don't match up, though. The idea of Abby's Gang is back in vogue. It's certainly giving you cover. Everyone thinks you're here, despite the kill in Indiana. Do things right and you'll definitely have a good shot at avoiding detection.\" \"I'm digging a grave now. I go out every night and work on it. Abby won't help. She won't even come with me. It's really frustrating. She's so strong. It would go so fast. She refuses to talk. She's really depressed.\" \"I wonder if she feels responsible for Lucy's carnage,\" Alvirez mused. \"She always breaks the necks of her victims. I don't remember if I ever told you that. So she must know they'll turn into vampires if she doesn't. That makes me think there's some bad history there. How else could she know what her victims would turn into?\" \"I don't know,\" Owen demurred. \"Maybe that's part of it. She's certainly unhappy about this burial, though. I've seen her distant, of course. But not like this.\" \"Maybe she doesn't like to think about her kills before or after,\" Alvirez suggested. \"Maybe it's a defense mechanism to insulate herself from the guilt. Which is actually pretty remarkable when you think about it. She's been doing this for over two hundred years, and she still feels guilty? Most people would have long since stopped feeling anything at all.\" \"We don't know what she's feeling,\" Owen countered. \"Good point. Maybe this is your chance to finally figure out why she doesn't hide the bodies. She's not a stupid girl, you know. She has to realize the advantages of concealing her kills. Whatever her reasons for leaving her victims in place, they must be compelling.\" Owen paused for a moment. \"I don't like digging the grave,\" he admitted. \"Not so easy, is it?\" the agent said. \"The movies make it look mundane, this ending of a human life. They don't show the aftermath. At least not what happens to real people after they murder real people. There are a few conscienceless individuals out there, of course. But from watching TV you'd think that was almost everybody.\" \"I can't stop thinking about it,\" Owen said. \"I picked him. I picked the person she's going to eat. I'm going to drive her there. I'm going to bury the body afterwards. Sometimes it makes me so sick I feel like throwing up.\" \"This is the life you chose, Owen. The life of aiding and abetting a mass-murderer. It was easier in North Carolina, was it? You didn't have to get your hands dirty. You were still aiding and abetting, though. You played a role in every murder she committed down there.\" Owen sighed. \"I think I'm starting to understand Macbeth,\" he said. \"I wish I'd never read it.\" \"Abby's previous caretaker, Thomas. You saw him a couple of times. Did he seem like a particularly happy individual?\" \"No,\" Owen admitted, wincing. \"I've seen three things happen to men who start killing,\" the agent offered. \"A few fall in love with it. They come to enjoy slaying. They even look forward to it. These individuals are very rare. The second group becomes increasingly overwhelmed with guilt and remorse. At some point they simply break down. They become incapable of further action of any kind. The third group just grows numb. They die internally, and therefore they're able to go on killing. There's nothing left inside them to upset, you see. Robots can do a lot of killing.\" \"Which are you?\" Owen challenged. \"I died a long time ago, Owen. That's why Stan couldn't kill me. You can't kill a dead man.\" \"I was afraid you had died,\" Owen confessed. \"Don't you know what the Bible says?\" Alvirez asked. \"There is no peace for the wicked.\" Rain arrived in Montana. It was only ten days since Abby's last meal, but Owen knew it was time. They loaded their gear into the Oldsmobile and broke camp. Then they went hunting. Owen stopped near Broadus about a half mile from the target's house. Abby got out and vanished, leaving Owen to wait. It was a very unpleasant experience. Between the rain and the dark, Owen could essentially see nothing. It was totally the wrong time to turn on music. He sat behind the wheel and tried not to think about what Abby was doing. She would use her youthfulness and quiet voice to put the man at ease. Then she would say something to get him to go outside. Or maybe she'd just stand there in the rain, silent, till the man's curiosity got the better of him and he stepped through his doorway. The guy could scream all he wanted; no one was close enough to hear. Abby would drink most of his blood, of course. What few drops escaped her thirst would quickly wash away. The grave was six feet deep. Owen had been forced to stand in it. He had even dug steps for getting in and out. Working in its depths had been horrible. At least he wouldn't have to go down inside it again. But he'd have to go back there. He'd have to load the body into the trunk, drive it to the grave, carry it to the edge, and roll it in. Then he would have to shovel the dirt back into the hole and disguise the fresh dirt with sticks and leaves. It would take most of the night. It would be awful work, the labor of hell. Owen squeezed the steering wheel and shook his head. How had this happened? How had he become a murderer? He didn't want to hurt people. That wasn't why he had run off with Abby. That wasn't why he was with her now. He loved Abby. She was the first thing he thought of when he woke up and the last thing he thought of when he fell asleep. She was everything to him. But he hated what she did. He hated that she killed people. He accepted Abby, of course, despite all she did. He knew that was one reason she loved him. He despised the brute facts of her existence nevertheless. Right now she was ending human life, draining a man's blood in a few moments of parting terror. Abby lurked above the food chain, a predator of shadows, an unquenchable monster, a vampire. A knock sounded on the passenger window, scaring Owen so badly he yelled. Abby got in. The rain had washed her face and hands clean, but her shirt was stained red. She glanced at Owen, looked away. Owen started the car. He put his hand on the gear shift. The victim's body was waiting for him. It had to be buried. The only alternative was getting tracked and captured. Right now the police thought they were in Maryland. If they left this kill out to be discovered, the search would move west. They'd lose the precious opportunity being given them by Lucy. They had to bury the body. But could Owen drive to that house, the house of the man he had selected for death? Could he gaze into his dead eyes? Could he touch him and carry him and roll him and cast dirt upon him? Owen didn't want to have anything to do with him. He wanted to flee. And he wanted to flee now. \"I can't do it,\" he stated. \"I'm sorry.\" He faced Abby, afraid of discovering a look of disappointment or scorn. But her expression was soft, understanding. She gave him a sad smile and touched his hand gently. \"It's OK,\" she said. Then she added, \"We have to go away. Let's just go.\" Owen put the Oldsmobile in gear and headed for the highway. They needed to get out of Montana. South Dakota was the logical choice, but where to go from there? Owen had no idea. He didn't know anything. He was a weak, stupid failure. He had put them both at risk. He had let Abby down. \"Owen, why do you love me?\" Abby asked. Good grief, Owen thought. No wonder she doesn't like it when I ask questions! How was he supposed to respond to such a query? And at such a horrible time? He knew he had to say something, though. \"The night in my apartment,\" Owen said. \"When I said you can come in. Your bleeding stopped and I hugged you. You were happy, but there was more. I felt like you were feeling something better than happiness. And I felt like I was the cause. It was the best moment of my life.\" Owen was afraid this would sound ridiculously lame, but Abby appeared pleased, satisfied. \"You get this special look on your face sometimes,\" Owen continued. \"You've got a fun look, a happy look, and…and a love look. But this is something else. It doesn't happen a lot, but it's wonderful when it does. I don't know what to call it, so I just call it the 'beyond happy look.' I love seeing it. I love you so much. I'd do anything to make you have the beyond happy look. It makes me feel strong and successful, like I'm doing everything right.\" Abby snuggled against him and put her hands on Owen's leg. He remembered how Alvirez had described this: Positive Body Language (PBL). Owen really liked PBL. \"So many times I've felt weak,\" Owen said. \"When my parents separated, when Kenny would bully me, when Bobby would beat me up. I felt weak when the Russians broke into our room in Brighton, when Stan and Lucy broke into our house in Bethesda. Now I feel weak again. I can't even bury a body.\" Abby put a hand on Owen's cheek. \"Am I weak?\" she asked. \"When I'm full I feel so dirty, so ashamed, so empty. All I want to do is run and hide and forget what I am, what I've done. You're not weak, Owen. You're human. I want you to be human.\" \"You said you like it when the man gives up something for the girl. I don't feel like I've done that for you. I needed to give something up for you tonight. I let you down.\" She pressed against him. \"I didn't mean I wanted you to give up being you. I don't want you to change. I don't want you to be me. I don't want you to be Thomas.\" This comment surprised Owen so completely that he turned and stared at Abby, forgetting about his driving. Abby pointed out the window and smiled. \"Right,\" Owen said, fixing his attention on the road. \"You know, I feel pretty much entirely to blame for the need to hide the bodies. You've been able to avoid the police your whole life. It's because you keep rescuing me that they're all after you now. So the situation we're in is sort of my mess. I should clean it up. If I don't, we're just going to end up with a repeat. Someone's going to break in on us.\" \"So we keep moving,\" Abby said. \"It's the best way.\" \"Maybe. But before you were with me, you didn't have to keep moving, did you?\" \"We're together. That's all that matters. I'm just so glad that we're together.\" Owen observed the dramatic improvement in Abby's mood. She was far more cheerful than at any point since they had fled Maryland. Owen had no choice but to conclude that the whole matter of the burial had been weighing on her even more heavily than on him. Clearly him trying to be involved in the hunt did not make her feel loved. Trying to bury the body did not make her feel loved. He was trying to do things that Abby didn't want him to do. \"I felt so weak in juvie,\" he recalled. \"I wanted to be a vampire so I could defend myself and be strong and not have to depend on you. But then later I was glad I wasn't a vampire. It forced me to use my brain and think of a plan. I wasn't strong, so I had to be clever. \"Sometimes I still want you to change me. Sometimes I don't. When I do it's no longer because I feel weak. It's because I think I could love you better if I was like you. But you're saying that's not the case. You're saying I can love you better if I'm human.\" \"You make me feel like a person,\" Abby said. \"Like a girl. With you I can pretend I'm alive. I can be happy. I can forget. You've no idea how much that means to me. When we go to the movies, work on your homework, spoon in bed, I feel…like I can see the sun. Like I can have babies. Like I have a reason to wake up. You just have no idea what you do for me. \"I don't want you to be interested in me because of what I am,\" Abby continued. \"I want you to like me . You were interested in me before you ever knew. If I was just me, just a girl, would I still be special to you? Would you still be interested? That's what you can give up for me, Owen. Give up your interest in the bad part. Focus on me . Love me . Don't think about the rest.\" Owen nodded, grateful that Abby was communicating so much. She laid her head in his lap and closed her eyes. Owen stroked her hair with his right hand. She certainly seemed happy now. He tried to process what Abby had just shared with him. If he understood rightly, she was saying she preferred how they did things in North Carolina. Abby fed when hungry. But they didn't talk about it, didn't focus on it. Time and energy weren't expended obtaining murderless blood or digging graves for victims. Better simply to pretend to be normal. Owen considered his history with Abby. She had never asked him to obtain blood, or define a hunting range, or bury corpses. All of this he had pulled down upon himself. Should he give up? Should he just enjoy the moment like Abby wanted, and not think about the \"bad part?\" He understood the temptation of such an approach, but it would provide no actual solution for Abby's underlying sadness. She was asking for a band-aid. Owen wanted a cure. Abby sought to hide in a fantasy, interacting with the real world only when hunger dictated. She wished for Owen to ignore these interactions with the real world and spend all his energy maintaining the fantasy. Owen didn't know if Abby possessed multiple personalities, but she certainly desired multiple lives: one life hunting, another life pretending. It was an unrealistic vision. She could get away with it in the 1700's and 1800's. In the modern age it was impossible. Why had Thomas decided to kill for Abby? Certainly she had let him. But what had she really wanted? Maybe Thomas had gone against her wishes because she was a child. Because her fantasy had become untenable. Maybe Thomas had been the adult, refusing to indulge her. And if so, what did Owen have to look forward to? He would become the adult, while Abby remained a child. Owen had never articulated his desire to heal Abby's depression, post-traumatic stress syndrome, whatever the hell it was. He realized now that Abby was not unaware of her need in this area. She even had a strategy in place for dealing with it: denial, fantasy, avoidance, escape, ignoring the problem as much as possible, pretending it wasn't there. From what Owen had read it was hardly a new strategy. But it was one destined for failure. They had radically different desires. He wanted to deal with the vampire issues; Abby wanted to contain them, lock them away. All his efforts, then, were at cross-purposes to her wishes. His labors in Brooklyn had not helped, for the simple reason that they drew attention to the very thing Abby was trying so hard to ignore. North Carolina really was most like what she wanted. There was no future in that path, though. Things could never get better. Owen wondered if Abby had ever wanted more, desired more. He wondered if escapism was simply her last refuge after all other avenues had been exhausted. He feared that was all their relationship was to her, a means of escape into an alternate reality. Were her happiest times with him so happy simply because she succeeded in forgetting? Was Owen anything more to her than a giant distraction? It occurred to Owen that Abby and the monster were alike in several respects. Neither thought long-term, both aimed for nothing beyond survival (the monster, bodily survival and Abby, emotional survival), and neither realized that what had worked in the past could no longer work in the future. Abby and the monster - Abby certainly brought all the brains to that party. If the monster understood how important it was to bury the bodies, it would compel Abby to do so. This made Owen wonder if Abby was withholding this insight from the creature. Perhaps she was hindering it, refusing to help. Perhaps in leaving the bodies Abby was showing she didn't agree with what the monster did. She did not affirm its actions or willingly assist it. Maybe there was a lot she did that the monster didn't like: leaving the bodies, connecting with Owen, going out in public, perhaps even refusing to turn Owen. Were these all subtle ways of fighting back, expressing displeasure, exerting independence, saying she was still her own person? Maybe she was declaring that she wasn't going to give the monster any more than she had to. Owen wasn't the only person in this vehicle who found the monster despicable. It was the sort of question Owen could never ask, of course. For now it was enough to know that Abby wanted two rigidly compartmented lives: the vampire life in which she would hunt on her own, and the human life in which she would have a relationship. She wanted Owen to be part of the latter, but not the former. She wanted Owen to accept this. Owen had no intention of accepting it, of course, but was it possible for him to do a little pretending of his own? Did his plan to restore Abby actually require her participation or cooperation in any way? He could make sure she had fun, and was happy, and felt loved, all while supposedly ignoring her vampiric activities. After five hundred or a thousand years she would find herself improving, and then Owen could make her aware of what he was doing. But those years could only come from Owen being turned, and Abby was saying yet again that she had no intention of making Owen a vampire. The plan also required the obtaining of murderless blood, which involved Owen in Abby's \"vampire life\" whether she liked it or not. What could he do about that, though? If she was ever going to get better, she simply had to stop killing people. It was amazing how every argument, every train of thought, always came back to the core issue: obtaining murderless blood. It was enough to make Owen beat his head against a wall. Why did people want to hold on to their blood so badly? Why couldn't he just set up a stand offering $100 per pint, get his twelve units, and feed Abby? No fuss, everyone a willing participant, no one dead. He needed a place with no police. Practically speaking, Abby had probably lived in such a place most of her life. Thomas might have been the first of Abby's caretakers to deal with a modern police investigation. Owen wished he knew Thomas' history and thoughts and motivations. He needed advice. He needed ideas. There was so much he didn't know. He knew one thing, though. If the killing continued, he and Abby were driving down a dead end road. Owen had no idea how to get off.[Chapter 13] Chapter 13: Baby Language The sound of a crying infant woke Alvirez from an unpleasant dream. He shifted carefully onto his side, one hand pressed against the stitches in his chest. The clock said 2:38 AM. He thought about trying to fall back asleep, realized it would be pointless. He stood up slowly and went to the bathroom. It was Alvirez' third night in his sister's Richmond home. Jennifer and her husband were going out of their way to assist him in his recovery, this despite having an eight-week-old baby. They offered Alvirez their first-floor bedroom so he didn't have to use the stairs. They prepared all his meals. They even kept gushing over how Uncle Chuck was a \"hero,\" causing Alvirez' older nieces and nephews to gaze upon him with awe. Alvirez knew better. He was no hero. There was nothing heroic about creating a beast, and then having that beast turn around and bite you in the ass. He shook his head. Hero? No. Complete f-ing idiot? Absolutely. He began shuffling toward the living room, scratching the spot on his back where the bullet had exited. One inch to the left or right and he would have been killed. No peace for the wicked. The wound didn't hurt as badly as the one in Vietnam. Maybe he had just been younger then, and had cared more. This time around, the damage to his pride hurt a lot worse than the gunshot. Alvirez discovered his sister trying to nurse her baby on the couch. \"Good morning,\" he said. \"Sorry,\" Jennifer replied. \"Don't be. Kid's gotta eat. I can sleep all day if I like. You don't have that option.\" He settled into an easy chair, closed his eyes, and listened to his niece Emily slurp her late night snack. Wounded pride. Alvirez had been so confident in his ability to establish a secret society. How hard could it be, right? Illuminati and Freemasons and Skull & Bones all managed to survive, and they didn't even have a real vampire. Alvirez should have succeeded in establishing the hottest secret society since the Knights Templar. In the end how long had it lasted? Five months? Not even a footnote in the annals of dark history. He took some small comfort in Mecklenburg having received the same smack-down. The man had lost control of his assistant just like Alvirez had lost control of the senior researcher. It seemed knowledge of Abby was too much for anyone to handle. She did not make a good foundation stone. She was destined to tear down, not build up. It was foolish to try and create something around her. Seeing Abby vamp had been a defining moment for the agent. For convenience sake Alvirez had assumed Owen's stories about Abby were true, while always maintaining a healthy skepticism in the back of his mind. But now Alvirez had actually witnessed the transformation of Abby's skin and eyes and lips and nails. He had seen the monster for himself. And with that he suddenly found himself accepting everything else Owen had told him. Alvirez knew there was nothing logical about this. Just because Abby's appearance changed, it didn't prove that she could only drink blood, or that she lived forever, or that she had to be invited in. But for Alvirez, in this case, he had decided that seeing was believing. Which created a problem. For if everything Owen had said was true, then Abby was actually, genuinely, an honest-to-goodness vampire. And a real vampire would not fit in Alvirez' mind. The agent had become comfortable with two possible explanations for Abby: that she was afflicted with a rare disease plus various psychological disorders, or that she was demon-possessed. An authentic vampire didn't fit into either of these categories. And this lack of fit, this inability to shove Abby into one column or the other, was disturbing Alvirez in a very fundamental way. The agent had no choice but to come up with a new category, a third category, yet he found himself unwilling to do so. Abby simply had to be explained in one of two ways: disease or demon. And because the agent insisted on this, because he was incapable of expanding his worldview to include the impossible, there was only one conclusion he could reach about himself: Charles Alvirez was close-minded. Now it did not upset the agent when any other pejorative was thrown his way. Arrogant, cruel, self-centered, obsessive – he took it all in stride. The one slight he absolutely could not tolerate, however, was being called close-minded. It had been his favorite term of abuse during Bible college, the insult he had most loved throwing in the faces of the fundies. Call Alvirez whatever you wanted, but don't call him close-minded. He was a bastion of free-thinking. No idea was so crazy or off the wall that he wouldn't give it a serious hearing. But now Abby the vampire was causing his brain to freeze. He couldn't call her a disease or a demon, yet he wasn't willing to call her anything else. That made him, by definition, close-minded. And if he, the man who had so ruthlessly accused others of this sin, was guilty of it himself, then that meant he wasn't just close-minded but a self-righteous hypocrite. He loved spotting self-righteousness in others, of course. It had been one of his favorite pastimes growing up. To discover it in himself was profoundly alarming. He had been the only person at his college who wasn't a close-minded, self-righteous Pharisee. Or so he had thought. The truth, it seemed, was otherwise: Alvirez was no better than the people he had spent his life looking down on. \"I couldn't do it,\" Owen said on the phone. \"I dug the grave. I was all ready to bury the body. But I couldn't do it. We drove away.\" \"Maybe it's for the best,\" Alvirez allowed. \"She loves you for who you are. You have a conscience. Maybe you shouldn't try to be someone you're not.\" \"We're going to get caught,\" Owen lamented. \"You can always change your mind,\" Alvirez said, sitting up on his bed. \"At least you have Lucy running interference. Until she gets arrested, the focus is going to stay out here. That'll give you some time, at least.\" \"She's an adult. Shouldn't she be smarter?\" Alvirez thought about this. \"It's helpful having another vampire to study, if only from a distance. My guess is that over time, Abby and the monster came to some sort of arrangement. The monster certainly has a say in what Abby does and doesn't do, but Abby also exercises some control over it. Is that a fair way of summarizing their interactions?\" \"I think so,\" Owen said. \"At the very least Abby keeps it from eating me.\" \"Well Lucy and her vampire side haven't worked out anything. She doesn't have a helper tying her down, but I still think we're going to catch her soon. She's just too reckless. But let's go back to Abby and the monster. Are we saying two distinct personalities don't exist?\" \"I don't know,\" the boy replied. \"It's more like a continuum or a scale. Sometimes one persona is more prominent than the other. But there's never a time when either persona is entirely absent. The monster makes her read the paper and patrol her surroundings. But she's still Abby, even when she's using her wings. \"I've been thinking a lot about the bodies,\" Owen continued. \"After I left that guy, Abby shared some really personal stuff. She said she feels dirty and ashamed when she eats, that she just wants to run and hide. That's the first time she's ever been willing to discuss the matter.\" Alvirez paused for a moment to reflect. \"That's significant,\" he replied. \"It's helpful to hear what she has to say. Just remember, people are complex. Motives are complex. Abby shared one reason with you. She might have twenty, or fifty. Don't settle for the one she decided to tell you. That's assuming she's telling the truth, of course.\" \"You think she's lying?\" The agent could hear annoyance in Owen's voice. \"I didn't say that,\" he clarified. \" Can you tell when she's lying, though? She has a lot of secrets. People with a lot of secrets tend to do a lot of lying. Although I'd actually be more concerned if she were telling the truth.\" \"What do you mean?\" Owen asked. \"There comes a stage in an interrogation when the suspect may share some significant truth in the hope that it will satisfy the questioner and cause him to cease the interrogation. It's the same principle as hiding a secret compartment inside a secret compartment. You're hoping the searcher feels a sense of victory in discovering the first compartment, and therefore doesn't press on to discover the second.\" \"I'm not interrogating Abby,\" the boy said. \"No, but you are trying to acquire information about her. Remember, the only interesting questions are the ones people don't want to answer. Maybe you're getting close to some answers Abby doesn't really want you to find. Maybe she dumps a lot of personal info to try and keep you from seeking more.\" \"You know, you really know how to take a special moment and drag it through the sewer.\" \"She's an onion, Owen. Even if you've peeled off one layer, you've got fifty or a hundred to go. At this rate you'll be eighty till you actually have her figured out. Or at least figured out well enough to make me happy.\" \"It's interesting to hear you say that,\" Owen commented. \"If it's true what you say, that you can never get to the bottom of someone, what is it that's ever going to satisfy you in all this?\" \"I never try to get all my questions answered,\" Alvirez replied. \"That's impossible. Instead I zero in on a few key questions that I think get at the heart of who a person is. I seek answers to those questions. At some point, I feel the person 'click' in my mind. I feel like I get him, like I understand what he's really about. That's what I want. I want Abby to 'click.'\" \"Does what she says about feeling ashamed help?\" \"Maybe. But the more I think about it, the more convinced I am that with Abby it all really boils down to one question: why won't she change you into a vampire?\" \"She said she likes it that I'm human,\" Owen said. \"That I make her feel human.\" \"Of course there are the obvious reasons,\" Alvirez replied. \"She hates being a vampire and would never want to inflict such a life on someone else. She likes it that you awaken her human side. She likes it that you help her forget. But I think there has to be more to it than that, and I'll tell you why. \"Abby loves you, Owen. At first I wasn't sure of this. I thought maybe she was just using you. But now I'm convinced. And the reason I know she loves you is because I know you. I know what kind of person you are. You wouldn't remain so devoted if she were a manipulating wench. There's something precious there, something you behold in her that makes you rejoice. Your devotion tells me she is for real. \"That's why I don't understand why she won't change you. She has to know how badly you want to live with her, how badly you want to stay with her. Love should compel her despite all her misgivings.\" \"I'm not sure I want to be a vampire,\" Owen said. \"Yeah? Well I'm sure you want to be one. And I think Abby is sure of it, too. It would make you happy. It would make her happy. Even with the miseries involved, I still think there'd be a lot of upside for you two. Yet she refrains. I'm telling you, there's more there, Owen. She's got reasons beneath her reasons. I think understanding why she won't change you is what will make her click in my mind.\" Owen waited a while before responding. \"I don't think she wants a sexual relationship,\" he said. \"She wants a physical relationship, but not a sexual relationship.\" \"Well that makes sense if she's thirteen. And it really highlights the issue we're discussing. As far as changing you goes, there's no time like the present. Every day she waits is going to make it harder and harder for you two to interact as boyfriend and girlfriend. And I take it you don't want to be her brother or her father?\" \"No,\" Owen said. \"Then time's a wasting. If she's going to change you, she needs to do it now. You need to figure out why she won't, and you need to figure it out fast.\" \"It took a year just to get her to say why she won't hide the bodies,\" Owen noted. \"You don't have a year, not anymore. Use your intuition, Owen. That's the advantage of having an intuitive mind. You don't have to go layer by layer through the onion like most people do. You can dive down and get right at the heart of the matter. And that's what you have to do. \"Focus on Maslow's Hierarchy,\" Alvirez suggested. \"I left some articles on it in your car. Read them and we'll talk about them next time I call. And remember you need to figure out what makes her feel loved. It's gotta be more than hugs and kisses. Study her body language. Always, always study her body language, especially her eyes. And never ask questions. Talk, observe her responses, talk some more.\" \"What if it doesn't work?\" Owen asked. \"What if she never turns me?\" \"Keep moving,\" the agent answered. \"Shift from state to state. Maybe Abby hunts some really isolated backpackers whose bodies get consumed by scavengers. That way the kills won't be tied to her.\" \"That's not what I'm talking about.\" \"I know. I can think of three possible plans,\" Alvirez said. \"The first is that you come back here and let me obtain food for Abby. I'll make sure the bodies get disposed of properly. And I'll make sure she only eats people that the general populace will be glad to see eaten.\" \"She'll never trust you again,\" Owen said. \"Fair enough. The second option is for Abby to turn herself in. She disappears down a hole in some government lab, but at least she won't be killing people anymore. Whatever agency gets a hold of her will make sure she's well fed. Who knows? They might even let you see her again.\" \"Yeah, right.\" \"The third option is for you two to separate. I set you up with a foster-family. Abby pays you visits when she can. You grow up, become a doctor, and secure a supply of blood for her. Maybe you even make some progress researching her condition. When you get older you groom another doctor to take your place. This keeps her in murderless blood, and keeps the study of her biology moving forward.\" \"That doesn't leave anything for me,\" Owen objected. \"Note that reaction you just had there, Owen. That tells me you really do want to become a vampire. Whatever solution you settle on, it has to include living with Abby forever as her boyfriend. I'm right, aren't I?\" \"I need time,\" Owen explained. \"We were in Maryland for what, like five months? It wasn't enough to make a difference. I need a lot more time if I'm going to help her. Like ten thousand years. In the future maybe it'll be easy to get murderless blood. Or maybe there'll be some invention that can help her. But I can't live with her in the future unless she changes me now.\" \"Did your stay in Bethesda help her at all, Owen? You've got this grand plan. I gave you five months where she didn't kill a soul. And you weren't miserable dealing with pimps. The way I see it, you had everything, at least for a little while. It should have achieved something.\" \"More time,\" Owen maintained. \"I just need more time.\" That night the cries of his niece once again drew Alvirez into the living room. He sat in the easy chair and watched Jennifer work at calming Emily down. His sister seemed like a natural, which Alvirez supposed made sense. Emily was her fifth child. Jennifer nursed the baby for about ten minutes, then stood for a while rocking her. She paused to change the diaper, tried to burp her. Emily spit up some milk. Her crying did not stop. Alvirez closed his eyes and listened to his niece fuss. \"Does she have different cries?\" Alvirez asked. \"Not until they're older,\" Jennifer answered. \"So it's all the same,\" he said. \"Hungry, tired, wet diaper, wanting to be held. The same sound.\" \"Sick is different.\" \"It sounds different?\" \"No, it's more that they're inconsolable. They don't stop crying no matter what you do.\" \"If every cry is the same, how do you tell what she wants?\" Jennifer stared at him. \"It's three o'clock in the morning, Chuck. Do you really want to have a conversation about babies?\" \"Is her body language different?\" Alvirez pressed. \"Does she make some facial cue to tell you what she wants?\" \"Not at this age,\" Jennifer said. \"You're thinking of older babies.\" \"So how do you know what she's saying?\" \"I don't know. I'm her mother. Go to bed, Chuck.\" Alvirez left the room, but he didn't go to sleep. Instead he went into his brother-in-law's den, found the camcorder, and set its batteries to charge. The next day the agent began following Jennifer and Emily, recording everything they did. Alvirez taped Emily when she woke up, when she nursed, when she went to sleep. He filmed his niece from every possible angle, and he filmed his sister as well. Their interactions fascinated him. He wanted to figure out how the two of them communicated. During the times Emily was asleep the agent would retire to his room and watch video. He hung his eight precious pictures of Abby on the wall behind the television so he could compare the two girls continuously. He studied the expressions on Abby's face, he studied the expressions on Emily's face, and he wondered. As he watched the film of Emily, it occurred to Alvirez that Abby's attractiveness was really more the cuteness of childhood than the beauty of womanhood. Owen was fourteen now. If his life had not gone off track he would be starting his freshman year of high school. He had hit his growth spurt. His eyes were changing. He was becoming a man. And Abby, poor Abby, was most definitely not becoming a woman. Owen was right: if his future included becoming a vampire boyfriend to his vampire girlfriend, it really was now or never. One afternoon the agent followed Jennifer with the camcorder as she went to soothe her crying infant. \"Stop,\" Alvirez insisted the moment before his sister's hand touched Emily. \"Tell me what you're thinking.\" \"I'm thinking she needs a diaper and a dinner, and I need a nap.\" \"How do you know she needs a diaper? Can you tell from her cry?\" \"It's common sense, Chuck. She just woke up.\" \"So you're making a conclusion based on her outward circumstances rather than on her attempted communication. You don't actually know what she's saying at all.\" Jennifer sighed and lifted Emily to her shoulder. \"You're really weird,\" she said. \"Anyone ever tell you that? Oh, yeah – me.\" \"What if you didn't know her circumstances?\" Alvirez continued. \"What if you didn't know she had just woken up? She's crying. Her face is scrunched up. How would you interpret her cries?\" Jennifer sat down and began nursing. \"You stick a hand in her diaper. You rock her. You try to feed her. You settle on whatever works.\" \"A process of elimination, then. You're guessing. But how do you even know what to guess?\" \"She's a baby, Chuck. How many different things can it be?\" \"It's entirely non-verbal communication that she's giving you,\" Alvirez observed. \"You understand that, right?\" \"Sounds pretty loud to me.\" \"Non-verbal doesn't mean silent. It means any form of communication other than words. Noises, tone of voice, accent, even the spacing between words and the volume you speak them in – it's all non-verbal. Her cries are non-verbal because she isn't using words. What I want to understand is how you turn them into words.\" \"Huh?\" \"By interpreting her cries, you're turning them into words. 'I'm hungry. I'm tired. I need my diaper changed.' You're taking non-verbal communication and turning it into propositions, into sentences, into statements. You're…speaking for her. You're thinking for her. You're doing for her what she can't do for herself.\" \"I see,\" Jennifer said, clearly unimpressed. \"But her cries aren't differentiated,\" the agent noted. \"That's what I don't get. You say when she's older she'll have a hungry cry and a tired cry. But not now. Yet you're still able to figure out what she's saying.\" His sister closed her eyes. \"Uh-huh,\" she murmured. \"How does a baby think at all?\" Alvirez asked. \"What does it even mean to say that a baby is thinking? She has no words in her mind. She's not thinking in words. Yet she's thinking. How is that possible? What does that sound like? What's going on inside her head? She's able to recognize the fact that she needs something. Her brain transfers this information to a communication center, and she cries. But there are no words, Jennifer! No words anywhere in the process. \"She has needs,\" he said. \"She can't articulate them. She's aware of those needs, all the same. So what does she do? She communicates the only way she can. And the amazing thing is that you actually figure out…\" Alvirez grabbed Jennifer's arm with excitement. \"She doesn't think in words,\" he realized. \"She doesn't think in words! That's why she doesn't communicate in words!\" \"It took you two weeks of filming to come up with that?\" his sister asked. \"Are you sure that kid didn't shoot you in the head?\" \"She doesn't think in words,\" the agent repeated. He ran to his bedroom and stared at the pictures of Abby. If the monster were truly a beast, a creature of instinct, its thinking would be non-verbal, like that of a baby or an animal. Abby was a monster-human hybrid. The creature affected her behavior. Likely that meant it also affected how she thought. The agent couldn't believe he hadn't realized it sooner. Abby doesn't always think in words. Abby can't always think in words. Alvirez recognized the source of his mistake. He had been caught up with the number 250. He had kept trying to imagine how Abby's great age might make her unusually mature in certain ways, despite her lack of cognitive development. But what if the opposite were true? What if in some ways being a vampire actually made Abby immature for twelve? What if the monster at least partially stripped her of the ability to verbalize her thoughts? Mental regression , Alvirez mused. Mental limitation. A cognitive fusion of man and beast. Abby's thinking would not be either animal or human. It would be something different, something radical. Like an alien, really. If humans thought in words and animals thought in – what? Emotion? Instinct? Pheromone? – then what did Abby's mind actually sound like? It was impossible to conceive. Abby had so many taboo topics, so many subjects she was unwilling to discuss. Perhaps she didn't talk about them because she couldn't talk about them. And she couldn't talk about them because she couldn't think about them. Meaning she wasn't able to have a conversation about these subjects because her mind never thought about them in words . She was like an infant, processing certain concepts and desires in mysterious, non-verbal fashion, then communicating the only way a baby could: through non-verbal means. If this premise were true, then he and Owen had to play the role of parents. They had to figure out what Abby wanted to think and wanted to say. She would be helpless, totally dependent on those around her to articulate her needs. They had to guess and guess until they got it right. \"Oh, baby doll,\" Alvirez whispered at Abby's photograph. \"What do you need?\" What do you need? Jennifer came to the doorway of his room and found Alvirez bouncing on the balls of his feet. \"You know, you seem really different,\" she remarked. Alvirez considered this. \"I realized I'm not as superior to everyone as I thought I was,\" he said. His sister's eyes went wide with surprise. \" That's worth a bullet to the chest.\" \"Yeah,\" Alvirez replied, and he laughed. \"I guess it is.\" He glanced at Emily, asleep in Jennifer's arms. \"From the mouths of babes,\" he added. He returned his attention to Abby's picture. Worth a bullet to the chest? Most definitely. He had just figured out Abigail Wheeler.[Chapter 14] Chapter 14: Constance What would be the best time to ask Abby to marry him? If she agreed to get married, would she agree to turn him? Surely she wouldn't want her husband to grow old while she remained young. But that sounded manipulative. Abby should turn him first. Then Owen should ask her to marry him. He wondered if there was a book on how to propose. Owen stirred from his folding chair and glanced at the sun between the trees. He guessed it was almost noon. A fire would be nice, but the day was too warm. Better to save his wood for the evening. At this altitude the night would get cold, despite the fact that it was only Labor Day weekend. He walked around the campsite reading one of the packets on Maslow's Hierarchy. Owen longed to understand the material, but the vocabulary was just too advanced. It was a painful reminder that he ought to be starting 9th grade this week, that much of his schooling still theoretically lay ahead of him. If he could find a way to learn. They had managed to obtain a few books here in South Dakota. A Geometry text, an anthology of American literature. It wasn't the same as having a tutor, though. It wasn't the same as being taught by Alvirez. The agent was the smartest person Owen had ever met. It seemed there was no subject the man had not studied. Owen missed being able to pester him with questions. Owen pulled Abby's engagement ring from his jeans and turned it in his fingers, reflecting light off different facets of the diamond. They were awfully young to get married. But Alvirez was right. In practice Abby was essentially Owen's wife already. He remembered reading about something called common law marriage, wondered if his relationship with Abby qualified. If they got married would he have to call her Mrs. Wheeler? Would they have to sleep in the same tent? Would they have to have sex? He returned the ring to his pocket, tried to focus on the Maslow information. Five levels of needs. Owen understood the stuff on the bottom of the pyramid. It was the psycho-babble near the top that made no sense. Alvirez had recommended that he fill in his own terminology. What did Abby need? That's what he was supposed to be asking. But while he was at it, what did Owen need? What was the difference between wanting something and needing something? Could one person's wants actually be needs for someone else? Given Abby's distinctive personality and history, did she possess any needs unique to her? Would it be possible for Owen to meet her highest needs, whatever they ended up being? He paused for a moment and closed his eyes, feeling Abby's presence from inside her tent. It seemed like he needed this sensation. He needed to feel Abby close. Was that really a need, though? Did Maslow ever even bother defining the word 'need?' Who was this loser, anyway? Some grown man who drew pyramids and got paid for it. Owen stashed the psych reading and began searching for a novel. The desolation of South Dakota made North Carolina's Cherokee County seem like a bustling suburb. So far Abby had hunted once in South Dakota. Alvirez said they should keep moving, but that kill had been in the eastern portion of the state, and now they were in the Black Hills. Owen figured Abby could feed here at least once more before they moved to Wyoming. Besides, there were Indians in South Dakota and Abby preferred eating Indians. Pioneer girlfriend. She certainly didn't mind roughing it. Nothing but their Oldsmobile and the gear it could carry. It was awfully convenient having a car. Alvirez had certainly done all right by them in that regard. And Owen thought he might even survive a routine traffic stop if he had to. Getting older had its advantages. But every day separated him that much further from Abby. If they had been twenty-eight and thirty, it wouldn't have mattered. They were twelve and fourteen. Call Abby thirteen for simplicity's sake. Add in the fact that girls matured faster than boys, and that Abby had grown up in a time when a lot more was expected of thirteen-year-olds. At best that meant he and Abby were effectively the same age. So now was the time to act. Part of the problem was that Owen still wasn't sure what he wanted. Live forever with Abby? Great! Become a mass-murderer? Not so great. Owen had known Abby for a year and a half. In that time he had acquired some inkling of the downside involved in becoming an undead monster. Was it worth it? Would it be worth it? If they had access to murderless blood the whole matter would be so much simpler. There didn't seem to be any, however. Not in the Black Hills. Not anywhere. More fundamentally, Owen didn't know how to broach Abby's code of silence. She did not want to discuss vampire stuff; she had made that perfectly clear. She was so much happier when Owen just played pretend. It was hard to think up a way to mention this most sensitive of topics when it guaranteed making Abby miserable. Such a huge barrier to communication. Hadn't Alvirez said that was common in marriage? The man really needed to send that pre-marital counseling book. The phone rang. Owen ran to the car and picked up the receiver. \"About time,\" he said. \"How long can you talk?\" Alvirez asked. \"I rummaged up some new batteries,\" Owen said. \"So we're good to go. Where are you?\" \"South Dakota.\" \"Really?\" Owen asked, surprised. He had not thought the agent well enough to return to the field. \"It's better that I focus on you two,\" he said. \"Others are then free to concentrate on Lucy.\" \"Do you wish you were chasing her?\" \"One vampire at a time. Besides, if I figure Abby out it should make catching Lucy that much easier. You read the Maslow papers?\" \"Don't understand them,\" Owen confessed. \"Ignore Maslow's jargon,\" Alvirez encouraged. \"Remember what you're really trying to do is understand human nature, assuming Abby has enough human nature for such insight to be helpful. What things do people need that animals don't?\" \"Well, like I said, I'm having trouble with this.\" \"Alright,\" the agent replied, \"let's back up a bit. What do people do that animals don't do?\" \"Lots of things.\" \"Like what?\" \"Make things, I guess. Build stuff.\" \"Come on, you can do better than that. Think of jobs. What jobs don't animals do?\" \"Teacher. Nurse. Accountant. Farmer. Doctor. Is this really what you want?\" \"Think of farmer,\" Alvirez said. \"Do animals plant and harvest crops?\" \"But they eat, just like we do. How is that a different need?\" \"Man feels a need to manipulate, control, subdue his environment. This need to structure and order his surroundings is unique to man. Think of doctor. Do animals study biology or physiology? Do they make an effort to understand their bodies? Man needs to understand. He won't just allow things to happen. He can't just allow things to happen. He has to understand. And then he has to apply that understanding. That's a need.\" \"Maybe you should just tell me what our needs are,\" Owen suggested. \"Maslow does that right on the pyramid. See how helpful that's been? It's a thought exercise, Owen. You have to figure it out for yourself. Which in itself satisfies several human needs, if you think about it. But the core issue in the end, of course, is to figure out what Abby needs.\" \"I was better at talking to her when I had you coaching me every day. It's so hard not asking questions.\" \"A basic rule in any relationship is to discover what doesn't work, and then stop doing it. Does asking questions work?\" \"Not in the slightest.\" \"Alright, then,\" Alvirez said. \"Hard it may be. Who said marriage was easy?\" \"You gonna send that book?\" Owen asked. \"Already in the mail. Check the P.O. Box in Spearfish on Wednesday. A package should be waiting for you.\" \"I want to go to school.\" \"I know. Maybe we can work out some correspondence classes or something. You're always welcome back in Maryland, of course.\" \"What are we going to do?\" Owen inquired, his voice plaintive. There was a pause on the other end of the line. \"I've been thinking about our questions,\" Alvirez replied. \"I don't think I've been phrasing them the right way. For a long time I've believed Abby's body language to be the key to understanding her. Recently I've decided her non-verbal communication is even more important than I thought. \"Everything Abby does is communication, Owen. And I mean everything. The things she says and doesn't say. The things she does and doesn't do. Every decision, every preference, every moment of silence is intended to communicate. And she wants you to listen, not just with your ears, but with your eyes and hands, too. She wants you to combine it all and decode it into something intelligible. \"That's why I think I've been asking the wrong questions. Since I started tracking her in Colorado I've been asking why she won't hide the bodies. Now I know why. She leaves the bodies out to communicate. She's saying something. The real question isn't, 'Why does she leave the bodies?' The real question is, 'What is she trying to say by leaving the bodies?' \"The difference is subtle, but critical. Don't ask why she won't change you. Instead ask what she's trying to say. It's non-verbal communication. You have to interpret her messages and translate them into words. Figure out what she's trying to say, Owen. Then maybe you'll have a shot at getting what you want.\" Owen drew his pistol and fired. The Magnum ammunition produced an incredible recoil, but Owen didn't flinch. He examined his target. Second ring. Pretty decent for fifteen feet. \"Nice,\" Abby complemented. She gave him a few pointers on stance and encouraged him to continue. He squeezed off the remaining five rounds. Alvirez hadn't been kidding. The high-velocity bullets were something else. He didn't understand why Abby so dismissive of revolvers. The .357 was a beast. Owen reloaded the handgun and returned it to the holster on his hip. Everything she does is communication. What did Abby do? She liked puzzles. She went to the movies. She slept a lot. She liked hanging out with Owen. Was there some deep message buried in all that? Or was Alvirez just full of crap? Although Owen had already guessed at a possible meaning behind Abby not burying the bodies. So he wasn't prepared to dismiss the agent's idea completely. Something Alvirez was definitely neglecting, however, was Abby's telepathy. Maybe everything Abby did was communication, but she nevertheless had a communication method at her disposal far more powerful than words or body language. Twice she had shared memories with Owen. The experiences still haunted him, so remarkably real and personal. But Owen wasn't just thinking about Abby's telepathy. He was also thinking about something in the article on Maslow. Apparently a previous psychologist named Freud had spent all his time studying people with mental illnesses. He had then built a model of the human mind based on these studies. Maslow had disagreed with this approach. He had decided to build his model based on the study of healthy people. This is where his needs pyramid had come from, the study of people who were not mentally ill. Owen found the different approaches intriguing. If he understood correctly, Freud would be very interested in the two memories Abby had shared with Owen: a horrible sexual assault, and then the even worse experience of devouring her own mother. Freud would really want to dig into these nightmare episodes. He would want Abby to talk about them and relive them and blah, blah, blah. Owen didn't know what Maslow would want to do. But he thought this: if Freud specialized in sick people, and Freud always wanted to explore bad memories, did that mean that because Maslow specialized in healthy people, he might want to explore good memories? Maybe the key to understanding Abby wasn't focusing on the bad things, but rather the good things, in her life. Maybe experiencing one of Abby's happy memories would give Owen the insight he craved. Abby made Owen dinner, a sure sign she was in a good mood. Owen followed the meal with coffee for dessert. He stirred up the fire and waited until Abby joined him. \"I remember when my dad told me about this movie that was playing,\" Owen began. \"He said it was called Star Wars. I had seen an advertisement on TV, and I wasn't impressed. He had to make me go. I wasn't expecting much. \"Then that Star Destroyer came down from the top of the screen, and from that moment I was in love. I'd never experienced anything like it. It was like going to another world, being in another world. When Luke destroyed the Death Star I felt like it was really happening. They were real people, and I had been there with them. It took me a long time to accept that it wasn't real. \"From that day I was hooked on everything Star Wars. I had to go back and see it again, of course. And again. I got the mail-order action figures, the comic books, my own speeder, the Star Wars cards. I even read the novel. I didn't understand what happened to me when I saw that movie. I still don't understand it. I know this, though: watching that movie was one of the happiest moments of my life.\" Owen sipped his coffee, glanced at the stars. \"Two times you've shared memories with me. They were very painful. I'd like you to touch me again like you did before. I'd like you to share another memory. But this time I want it to be a happy memory. Like when I saw Star Wars. You don't have to if you don't want to. It would really be special if you did, though.\" Abby sat still for a long time, pondering this request. Owen decided she would have to think about it. Maybe some other night, after she'd had time to digest the idea. But then she got up from her chair and sat on the ground by the fire. \"Sit here,\" she requested, patting the ground next to her. Owen did as she said. \"This is going to feel different,\" she explained. \"It's happy, like you said. But it's going to be long. That might make it difficult. You might have a hard time…separating. Just remember, if you have trouble at the end, that doesn't mean the memory's bad.\" She placed a hand on either side of Owen's face and leaned toward him until their foreheads touched. Owen's consciousness slipped away from 1984 South Dakota to an earlier time and place. Abby walked toward a farmhouse that seemed empty and dead compared to the star-filled sky above. She wore nothing but a thin nightgown, over which long, matted hair fell. Her face looked hungry, sad, bored. Abby noticed a girl of about sixteen hiding behind one of the farmhouse's shade trees. She approached the young woman slowly, cautiously. Like Abby, the girl wore nothing but a nightgown. And her hair seemed to be even more unkempt, if that were possible. At some point the girl became aware of Abby. She motioned the vampire over at once, putting a finger to her lips at the same time. \"Quiet,\" the girl whispered. \"They'll hear you.\" Abby glanced about quickly, her expression now confused and frightened. She seemed ready to bolt. But the girl reached out a hand and plucked Abby into the spot behind the tree. \"I'm Constance,\" she said, her voice no longer soft. \"It's a good thing you made it on time. Peter Parley's coming for tea. He's bringing a live Megalosaurus. It's always best when the food you eat has a sporting chance of eating you first. Are those buttons?\" Constance scooted around Abby and examined her shrift. \"I don't understand why they put the buttons where you can't reach them. Jo March sprints faster than a buffalo. She took me for a joint-stool. Susie says she can only come for tea if she brings Hamlet. But you have to bring poison for the play,\" she emphasized, poking Abby in the chest. \"It's always best when someone gets poisoned during tea.\" Abby's face grew even more confused. \"Who's listening?\" she asked. \"This is a birch, this is an elm; no sound can passage through my realm. The doctor claims he retched a place, to stash my parents' foul disgrace. Would you like a gumdrop?\" She offered an acorn to Abby. The vampire wavered for a moment, then extended a tentative hand. Constance slapped it away. \"You'll ruin your supper,\" she scolded. Then she put one arm around Abby and the other hand on her hip. \"Susie wants to know your name. It's always best when she knows your name.\" \"Abby,\" the vampire said, beginning to smile. \"My name is Abby.\" \"Do you want to go hunting with me?\" Constance asked. \"Hunting?\" \"You may seek it with thimbles, and seek it with care; you may hunt it with forks and hope; you may threaten its life with a railway-share; you may charm it with smiles and soap.\" She began patting her nightgown. \"Did I share away my share? I swear .\" She pinched Abby's cheeks. \"We've got smiles, at least. No soap, though. Goodness, you stink worse than I do. Our prey will smell us from a mile. Off with you, Abby. We'll take us two baths. Tomorrow night we stalk.\" The next evening Abby returned, clean and presentable. She found Constance waiting behind the elm tree, picnic basket over her arm. \"We've no blank map,\" she informed Abby. \"But I still think we can find our way. Don't foul the rudder.\" Constance headed down the road. Abby followed. \"Three rules,\" Constance said. \"Number one, you can never laugh at Susie. It hurts her feelings, and it's rude, anyway. Number two, you have to read my favorite books and like them. They're mostly British, I'm afraid, but that's the way it is if you're going to be my friend. Number three, you can never let them get me. Are we clear?\" \"Yes,\" Abby said. \"And what are your rules?\" The vampire took some time to think. \"We never talk about family,\" she said. \"It hurts my feelings. You have to do my laundry, and you can't complain no matter how bad the stains are. And you're never allowed to ask me to see the sun.\" \"Day and night shall cease,\" Constance observed, \"unless we harvest raspberries.\" She stopped by a clump of bushes and began picking fruit. Abby joined her. They filled a clay pot inside Constance's picnic basket. Abby kept pausing to smile at her new friend. A few times she even giggled. Constance eventually took Abby off the road to a large stone house. She went up onto the porch and knocked boldly on the front door. After a minute a balding man in his fifties opened to inspect them. He held a lantern high and gazed through his spectacles. \"Constance?\" the man inquired. \"What are you doing out so late, child? It's one-thirty in the morning.\" Constance glanced at Abby and waited. Abby spoke up. \"Pardon us, sir,\" she said. \"We were reciting lines in Boxer's Field. Then we wanted to see the stars, but we stayed too long. We took a shortcut to hurry home. A foolish course in the dark, sir; we lost our way. It's cold, and we're so very tired. Might we please come in?\" \"Certainly. Come in, come in,\" the man replied, ushering them through the door. \"There are blankets this way. I'll build up the fire.\" They followed their host through the foyer into a sitting room crammed with overstuffed furniture. \"Your parents are sure to be terribly worried, Constance,\" the man clucked. \"How many times must we tell you not to leave your property unescorted?\" \"I have Abby with me, Dr. Williamson,\" Constance said, squeezing the vampire's hand. \"Well, that's fine,\" the man allowed. \"But you shouldn't be out at night. There are some predators perfectly willing to eat people, you know.\" Constance's voice turned accusatory. \"You told Father I'm the Mad Hatter. Susie's the Mad Hatter. I'm Alice. And Abby,\" she added, stroking the vampire's long hair, \"is Wonderland.\" She directed her attention to Abby. \"You promised,\" Constance reminded her. \"You can never let them get me.\" Abby leaped on the doctor, bowling him over. She bit into his carotid artery and he screamed. There was a brief struggle, but it didn't affect the outcome. After thirty seconds the man grew still. Constance pulled a tea set from her basket and arranged the pieces on the floor. \"Save some for me,\" she insisted, pushing on the monster until she gave way. Constance held a cup against the doctor's neck. When she was satisfied with how much tea she had gathered, she permitted Abby to resume. Constance used her fingers to comb the dead man's hair. \"Your saucer needs cleaning,\" she said. \"The walls have ears; no asylum is free; I see what I eat; I eat what I see. That'll teach you to play with spoons.\" She took a sip of blood from her teacup. \"Now I get it. You want to go to the beach. Don't get sand on your scones, mind you. It's worse than lemon.\" Abby broke the doctor's neck, reverted to girl form, and sat smiling at Constance in fascination. \"You need to work on your manners,\" Constance lectured, pulling out a napkin and wiping Abby's chin. \"No use crying over spilled milk. Seems like you ate more than your share of the raspberries. That means I get the other lump of sugar.\" She plopped a white cube into her teacup, tried to swirl it. \"You should really steep the leaves,\" Constance recommended, swallowing a mouthful. \"It's no wonder you forget to bathe.\" The scene shifted to another night. Abby waited in the barn behind her friend's house. Constance entered mid-conversation. \"You're being very rude,\" she commented. \"Abby's not that kind of girl.\" She reached the vampire's hiding spot and rummaged in a bag. \"Susie insists. Please don't be cross.\" Constance pulled out three cloves of garlic, a silver crucifix, and a glass jar filled with water. She raised the crucifix and shoved it in Abby's face. She rubbed the garlic on Abby's arms. She poured the water over Abby's head. \"That settles it,\" Constance concluded. \"Susie says you are a very peculiar sort of vampire. Can you see your reflection?\" Abby nodded. \"Can you turn into mist?\" Abby shook her head no. \"Can't vampires do their own laundry? You must have Chinamen in Transylvania. Hypnotize me, hypnotize me! Oh, please do, Abby.\" Abby took hold of her friend and shared a memory. In this flashback she cowered in a shack next to a wood-burning stove. A man with a thin beard glanced at Abby, then cocked his head as someone banged on the door. \"You've got to answer for her, John,\" a voice insisted. \"You come willingly or things are going to get a lot less polite.\" Abby surged outside in a wild fury. She bit the first constable's head off. Constance cheered. The second man she tore in half. Constance whooped like it was the start of summer vacation. The last officer Abby ate slowly. Constance gloated through the meal, then stood up, severing the connection. She danced in circles and clapped. \"You throw the best parties,\" she informed Abby. \"And the guests always bring something to eat!\" Abby's somber expression changed into a grin. Constance began running about the barn, peeking through cracks in the walls. \"They're coming for us, Abby. They always know where we are. Will a boojum make you vanish? I haven't been the same since I vanished. Maybe we could take the train. Susie's jealous. She thinks we'll leave her at the station.\" \"Susie…\" Abby said. Her face became thoughtful. \"Susie can come, of course. Susie, please come. It won't be the same without you. I promise to put sugar in your tea. It'll be fabulous… three huntresses against the world.\" The scene shifted again. Abby flew into a courtyard surrounded by a tall, wrought-iron fence. She entered a brick mansion and killed the nurse on duty in the lobby. She started heading down the corridors, pulling open door after door, freeing the patients. One surprised orderly got his heart ripped out. Another Abby paused over long enough to eat. She found the right room, but Constance would not leave. Abby took her by the hand and urged her to get off the floor. Constance stayed in the corner, arms wrapped around her knees. She refused to look at Abby. \"It's time to go,\" the vampire said, her tone urgent. \"Just like we said. The three of us stick together. Come on, Constance.\" \"I didn't kill Dr. Williamson,\" Constance repeated. \"My secret vampire friend did. She only comes out at night and she has to drink human blood and holy water doesn't hurt her and she sprouts wings. She puts thoughts in my mind. She plays nice with Susie. Everyone is out to get her. No, Abby, you needn't be blue; I'm truly, madly crazy for you!\" The girl broke into a grin, jumped to her feet, and gave Abby a kiss. Some blood transferred to Constance, who licked her lips and frowned. \"You know how I like my tea,\" she complained. Constance held her mouth open until Abby produced a sugar cube and placed it on her tongue. Then she took Abby's hand and led her skipping into the hallway. \"I told you they were out to get me,\" Constance said, stopping by the body of one of the orderlies. She grasped Abby's other hand and began dancing around the corpse, forcing Abby to do the same. \"The snark and friendly jabberwok, consumed the mouse inside the clock; the snark I roasted on a spit, the half rodent inside of it. Sing, Abby! We can't fly unless you sing.\" The girls spun around the body, Constance chanting nonsense and urging Abby and Susie to join her. Abby started giggling, then laughing freely, until finally she, too, began singing in time to Constance's inner music. Abby's motions grew thrilled, ecstatic, wild. She gave herself to the dance, flinging her hair and stomping her feet. Eventually they collapsed on the floor, panting and blood-spattered, the undead girl and the insane girl and the imaginary girl. None of them had ever felt so alive. Abby released him. The abrupt cessation jarred Owen, leaving him light-headed and disoriented. He grabbed Abby and started kissing her, driven by a mindless urgency. She soon escaped and moved away, placing the fire pit between them. \"You're…confused,\" she suggested. \"Maybe you could splash some water on your head.\" She rummaged for a bucket and handed it to him. \"A lot of water.\" Owen stumbled to the creek, clumsy, half-aware, uncertain of where he was. He dunked his head directly into the mountain stream. After a minute his thoughts began to organize. He was Abby's boyfriend. They were in the Black Hills. It was September, 1984. Abby had shared a memory. Shared? It was no mere sharing. It was like he and Abby had fused. Owen had never imagined two people could feel so closely connected. Although he could still feel Abby's presence just up the hill, he was now suffering a painful sense of loss. For the briefest interval they had been one. But alas, they were two. Owen hated it. He wanted to go back and be a part of her again. A fresh wave of dizziness swept over him. Owen picked up the bucket, filled it with water, and dumped the whole thing over himself. He concentrated on what had just happened. He had tried to have sex with Abby. He would have gone through with it, too, if she had let him. Abby had made him stop. Why had Owen, in a single out-of-control moment, tried to so radically alter their physical relationship? That wasn't what she wanted. Although as he thought about it, he realized Abby's facial expressions and other body language had actually been quite inviting. Maybe he needed to reevaluate her interest in sexual intimacy. But that wasn't the issue at the moment. The issue was why Abby had stopped him. It hadn't been because she wanted to stop. It had been because she knew Owen wanted to stop. This amazed Owen, for the two of them had never once discussed the matter. Abby nevertheless knew that he wanted to wait – until marriage, until they were older – Owen wasn't sure what he was waiting for, actually. But he felt the time wasn't right. Abby had been interpreting his non-verbal signals, and she had been interpreting them correctly. His girlfriend knew what he really wanted, without him ever telling her. He tried to sort out what he had witnessed and felt during the telepathic bond. The two previous instances of memory-sharing had been brief. This was radically different, an extended, life-altering episode of observation-empathy that took him into the very core of the girl he loved. No exchange of thoughts, though. Owen had witnessed Abby's actions and felt her emotions, but he had not read her mind. He reckoned Alvirez would find this missing component frustrating to the point of distraction. A half hour later Owen rejoined Abby by the fire. \"Thank you,\" he said. \"That was amazing.\" \"You're welcome,\" she replied, beaming. \"Constance has…an interesting sense of humor,\" Owen remarked. Abby nodded. \"I think she would have found horror movies amusing. I think that's what my memories were to her. It was like watching a movie. I don't think she ever realized it was real.\" \"She seemed to have issues.\" \"Mad as the wind and the sea,\" Abby said, her voice distant. \"She was the best friend I ever had. Does that mean I'm crazy?\" \"It means you're needy,\" Owen answered. \"She was very good at meeting your needs. I think it's great she was able to.\" Owen wasn't sure he really believed this last part. It made him jealous that Abby had experienced such a close relationship with someone else. It bothered him that Constance had been capable of meeting Abby's needs. He wondered how unique or special he really was, if even this crazy girl had been able to help Abby. \"We were together fifty years,\" Abby said. \"I shared a memory with her almost every single night. It didn't affect her like it affects you. I often wondered if it hurt her, though. She never knew what was real and what wasn't. Maybe sharing the dreams made that worse. She just found them so entertaining. And she could be very persistent.\" \"She was right,\" Owen observed. \"People really were out to get you.\" \"She was the perfect protector. No one could ever sneak up on us. She was watching, always watching, convinced that 'they' were coming.\" This comment reminded Owen of his own inadequacy as a guardian. Twice enemies had caught him unprepared. At least now he always kept a revolver on his hip, regardless of how heavy or inconvenient the gun was. One lesson learned the hard way. \"I never met anyone so anxious or scared,\" Abby continued. \"But she made me laugh. I always loved how she made me laugh.\" \"I could feel her emotions, too,\" Owen said. \"When you were sharing the memory with her. That must mean the connection works both ways. When you're sharing with me, can you feel what I'm feeling?\" \"I feel your reactions to what I'm showing you,\" Abby said. \"Your heart's response. It's a very intimate experience. Except it wasn't like that with Constance. I mean, I felt her fear and confusion. She just had limits, I guess. We could only go so deep.\" \"You were probably helpful to her,\" Owen suggested. \"We helped each other. Her condition drew all the attention her way. And if anyone ever did suspect us, she was always the one they guessed they should be after. I made sure she put on clothes and ate and stuff like that. She made sure I had fun. Everything was a game to her. She could laugh at anything.\" Owen guessed at why Abby and Constance had been such good friends. Abby preferred living in a fantasy world in which she ignored vampire stuff as much as possible. Who better to help craft and maintain such a fantasy than someone who was mentally ill? And surely Constance's delighted responses to the killing must have eased Abby's shame. Tea and toys rather than blood and corpses? In some ways Constance really was the ideal guardian for Abby. Owen always wanted to get into serious talks. Constance didn't seem to display that tendency. \"I can see how precious she was to you,\" Owen said. \"Sometimes you even had that special expression I mentioned, the beyond happy look.\" Abby gave him a sad smile. \"When she died I was in a bad way. Thomas eventually came along. He cared about me. Too much, really. But it wasn't the same as Constance.\" Owen hugged Abby and rubbed her back. He didn't know if memory-sharing qualified as non-verbal communication, but it certainly qualified as effective communication. Through the link Owen didn't simply learn that Constance was fun; Owen had fun with Constance . He felt the happiness Constance made Abby feel. He felt Abby's love for her friend. But the best thing about the telepathic bond was that it enabled Owen to know the emotional content of Abby's body language. During the link, he observed her expressions and gestures and knew what she was feeling at the exact same moment. If Owen could apply this information to their normal interactions, he would no longer have to guess what Abby's body language meant. It was like he had been listening to Morse code for eighteen months, uncertain how to interpret it. Abby had just handed him the decoding key. The telepathic experience actually overwhelmed Owen with data to interpret. It would take considerable time to sift through everything Abby had shared. So many non-verbal cues combined with so many different emotions. Owen would never be able to remember everything. He wished he could find a notebook and write down as much as possible before he forgot, but this special moment with Abby would not permit it. He settled for hugging her tighter. One thing, at least, Owen was certain to retain. Throughout the Constance memories, Abby had repeatedly experienced an emotion she seemed to value way more than fun, or happiness, or even love. At those critical moments, when her face displayed the 'beyond happy look,' what Abby was feeling was hope . It was of critical importance to his girlfriend, this feeling. Owen sensed it was what Abby had most appreciated about Constance: the insane girl had made the vampire girl hopeful. In his mind Owen unfolded a copy of Maslow's Hierarchy. He erased the old school psycho-babble and wrote 'hope' at the top of Abby's pyramid.[Chapter 15] Chapter 15: Enigma \"What is hope?\" Owen asked over the satellite phone. \"It's one of the three core virtues in the Bible,\" Alvirez explained. \"Faith, hope, and love. Faith is concerned mainly with the past, believing that God has performed certain specific acts in history. Hope is concerned mainly with the future, believing that God is going to keep his promises. And love concerns the present, the way a person lives given what God has done in the past and is going to do in the future. Your mom's religious. Any of this ringing bells?\" \"No,\" Owen said. \"Well even in secular thought hope has to do with the future. To have hope means you're looking forward to something. You believe tomorrow is going to be better than today. \"Mind you, there's a difference between feeling hope and actually having something to hope for. It's possible a person's future is going to be really good, but that person doesn't know it or believe it. So there's an objective hope out there, but the person doesn't feel the corresponding emotion. And vice-versa, of course. Just because a person feels hope doesn't mean things really are going to get better. The person might be deluded.\" Owen shared the story of Constance with Alvirez. \"I think I make Abby feel hope,\" Owen concluded. \"At least sometimes.\" \"Nothing personal,\" the agent replied, \"but that doesn't really make a lot of sense. If she's incapable of change, what can there ever be for her to look forward to?\" \"Her circumstances can change. Her life can change. If I become a vampire and we secure a permanent source of murderless blood, her life will be better. That's something to look forward to.\" \"Perhaps,\" Alvirez granted. \"But have you ever told her what you're trying to do for her?\" \"No,\" Owen admitted. \"She might've figured it out, though.\" \"Even if she did, do you think that's why this girl Constance gave her hope?\" Owen considered this. \"Well, what do you think she's looking forward to?\" he asked. \"I have no idea,\" Alvirez said. \"Is she really feeling hope? Maybe you got that wrong.\" \"You don't understand the telepathy,\" Owen replied. \"I feel everything she feels. We become one person. It's unreal.\" \"Pity you don't know what she's thinking.\" \"I thought you'd say that. But it gives me the key to understanding her body language. Don't you understand? When I focus on her expressions and her gestures I'll be able to guess what she's feeling.\" \"But not what she's thinking,\" Alvirez noted. \"Didn't you identify her as a strong F? That means her feelings are more important than her thoughts, at least when it comes to decision-making.\" \"Good point. I wish you could just ask her why she's feeling what she's feeling.\" \"Welcome to my life,\" Owen said. \"Where are you?\" Alvirez asked. \"Wyoming. Where are you?\" \"Close. I'm going to keep my satellite phone on tonight. Call me if you need to. Is that clear? I'll be waiting for you to call.\" After dinner Owen settled before the fire, a book in his hand, Abby at his side. \"We've been together for kind of a while now,\" he began. \"I know we haven't really talked about where our relationship is headed, but I thought we could maybe start tonight. A just got this stuff for pre-marital counseling,\" he said, holding up the book. \"I thought maybe we could talk over some of it.\" This idea seemed to please Abby quite a bit. She smiled and turned toward Owen, her face expectant. \"That sounds great,\" she said. Owen skimmed over the table of contents. The chapters on finances, religion, and childrearing he figured they could ignore. The section on communication was what he really wanted to dig into, but part of his frustration with Abby, of course, was that she refused to discuss their communication difficulties. He decided they should just start with the introduction and see what happened. \"There's a series of basic questions,\" Owen informed her. \"Here's what I was thinking. I can read each question and try to answer it. Then you can say something on the subject, too, if you want. Sound good?\" Abby gave him another smile and nodded. Owen set to reading each question out loud and responding as best he could: How did the two of you meet? \"We met in the courtyard of our apartments,\" Owen said. \"I'm glad we ended up becoming friends.\" \"Me, too,\" Abby replied. How long have you known each other? \"Since February of last year,\" Owen answered. \"It's September of 1984 now.\" How long have you been dating? \"In my mind,\" Owen said, \"we officially began dating when you said you'd go steady with me. Although getting on the train seems important, too.\" \"That was like getting engaged,\" Abby offered. \"We just didn't call it that.\" This thought surprised Owen, but as he considered it, he realized Abby was probably right. Running away together seemed to qualify as something more serious than dating. Why do you want to get married? Owen pondered this. \"I know we haven't really talked about this,\" he acknowledged. \"But I've been thinking about it some. Alvirez says we should get married because in practice we already are married. That doesn't sound like it makes much sense, though. But what would be different if we did get married? Besides our physical relationship, I mean.\" \"It's nice to make it official,\" Abby said. \"And I would really like it,\" she added. \"Well that's reason enough, certainly,\" Owen replied. He figured he should've had something more profound or more romantic to say to this question, berated himself for not planning out his answer in advance. If wearing the ring would make her feel special, what more reason did he really need? He supposed he ought to think past that, though. What core values do you share with your future spouse? Owen had no idea how to respond. \"I'm not sure what the question means,\" he finally admitted. \"Me neither,\" Abby said. Owen shrugged and moved on. What are the main differences between the two of you? \"I'm going to assume this question is about more than just the fact that you're a vampire and I'm not.\" He hesitated to continue, decided to go ahead. \"I think one way maybe we're different is that I think more about the future. Making plans, wanting to discuss our dreams. That sort of thing.\" Owen hoped Abby would have something to say to this, but she remained silent. He waited as long as he dared, then proceeded to the next question. What are your expectations for married life? \"I don't understand this one, either,\" Owen said. \"I think it means how you want to spend your time,\" Abby suggested. \"Do you want to just hang out with each other, or do you want to do things with friends and family?\" \"I appreciate you saying that,\" Owen replied. \"I've wondered sometimes if you'd like to have friends. I think I'd like to. The only other person I have to talk to is Alvirez. He hardly qualifies as a friend.\" Once again Owen gave Abby time to add more. Once again she did not. He wanted to ask her questions so badly. But he knew that would just make her shut down. How do your friends and family feel about your relationship? \"I don't care what my family feels,\" Owen said. \"Next question.\" Have either of you been married before? This one made Owen uncomfortable. \"No,\" he answered, then looked at Abby and begged her with his eyes to at least answer this one. \"No,\" she said, thrilling his heart. Have either of you been in love before? How many times? How long ago was the last time? What is there about your present relationship that makes it different from those past instances which did not last? Owen only read the first of these out loud. That one alone was difficult enough. He knew that at least two of Abby's prior caretakers had been male. Had she loved them? Had they loved her? Part of Owen wanted to know. Part of him did not. \"You're the only person I've ever loved,\" Owen said. \"I've never loved anyone like I love you,\" Abby offered in response. Owen felt another rush. \"Alvirez says love isn't a feeling. He says it's an action.\" \"False dilemma,\" she said, making Owen smile. \"I say it's both.\" \"I want to do what will make you feel loved,\" Owen said. \"I know,\" she replied. \"And it makes me so glad that you do.\" \"Alvirez says people are different, that what makes one person feel loved is different than what makes another person feel loved. I wonder if that's true.\" \"Definitely,\" Abby said. \"I think…you like physical love,\" Owen suggested. \"I think maybe I like conversation. When you told me how you feel ashamed after feeding, that made me feel loved. That doesn't mean I don't like kissing you!\" he added hastily. \"In fact, we should probably do some of that soon.\" \"Definitely,\" Abby replied. Describe both the strengths and weaknesses of your partner. \"Alright,\" Owen said. \"Kind of awkward. You rescued me three times. You cared about me when no one else did. You let me in. The one thing I wish is that you'd let me in more. There's so much I want to know about you, so many things I'd like to understand. I feel like I could love you better if you talked more openly about some of the things that make you uncomfortable.\" \"You accept me for who I am,\" Abby replied. \"You let me in. You hold me and make me happy and are always thinking about me. You love me so much. You don't have any weaknesses. I don't deserve you.\" Owen blushed at this, uncertain what to say. He read the next query. What, if anything, needs to change in your partner and what will happen if he/she cannot change? Owen wanted to say he needed to change into a vampire, but he had a hard time imagining that was what the question had in mind. Abby hadn't changed a bit from the day they had gotten on the train. Alvirez thought Abby couldn't change. If that was true, Owen would have to accept her exactly as she was. Even if something about her did need changing, no change might be forthcoming. \"I love you for who you are,\" Owen said. \"You don't have to change in any way for me to love you.\" \"I don't want you to change,\" Abby replied. \"I think you're perfect just like this.\" What potential problems do you anticipate in your marriage? \"I've been thinking about this one,\" Owen said. \"I think it assumes people will have new problems when they're married that they didn't have when they were dating. I'm not really sure what it's talking about, though. We're not the usual dating couple. I mean I can't think of any new problems that would pop up just because we got married.\" Abby simply nodded. Is this person the only one with whom you could be happy and what happens if he/she passes away? \"You're definitely the only person I could be happy with,\" Owen declared. He almost added that he was glad Abby would never pass away. Then he remembered he had said something similar in Brooklyn once, and it had really soured Abby's mood. He kept the thought to himself. Owen also wanted to shout, You can keep me from passing away! But he knew that probably wouldn't work out so well, either. Had Abby been happy with any of her other caretakers? Owen was especially interested in the men, of course. They had passed away. Abby had eventually found someone else. Was Owen something more to her? Was he someone special, a unique person? He had a hard time contemplating becoming like Thomas, just an old father-figure getting replaced by another boy. Is your partner responsible for your happiness and, if he/she is, how will he/she do that? \"That's a heavy question,\" Owen said. \"You make me happy, no doubt about that. In juvie it made me happy just knowing you were out there. There's certainly no way I could be happy without you. But I feel responsible for your happiness, too. I really do. I feel it's my job to make you happy. And it makes me feel so amazing when I do.\" \"I wasn't happy before we met,\" Abby said. \"Now I'm happy all the time.\" \"I finished a book a couple of days ago,\" Owen continued. \"It's called The Return of the King . It has this line describing Gandalf. He's the good wizard. It says that under his care and sorrow was a great joy, a fountain of mirth enough to set a kingdom laughing. I read that line and I thought of you. I feel like you have a great fountain of sadness inside you, that even when you're happy there's still this underlying grief. I guess some people might call it depression, but I'm not sure that's the right word. But just like sometimes you get this hopeful expression on your face, other times you have a distant look in your eyes that just makes me think deep down inside you're really sad.\" Owen paused for a moment, hoping Abby would be willing to talk about her feelings. She stared into the fire, saying nothing. \"I think you have hopes and dreams for the future,\" Owen added. \"I just think you have a hard time expressing them. I need you to know that I have hopes, too. My hope is to help you, Abby. I want to heal you, make you better. I know part of you just wants me to ignore all the vampire stuff, but I think you're aiming too low. You're trying to suppress the guilt; I want to get rid of it. I want the day to come when all that sadness in you is gone. Can you imagine that happening? I can. I can imagine a day when you no longer get that empty look in your eyes.\" Abby did not seem to be dealing well with this particular subject, but Owen couldn't stop. For so long he had been pursuing his plan to transform Abby's life. Now that he was finally telling her about it, he had to get it all out. \"Here's what I'm thinking,\" he explained. \"The most important step in helping you get better is finding a way for you to eat in which no one gets harmed. That's the one thing we just absolutely have to have. But by itself it won't be enough. There's stuff I can do for you. I help you have fun. I make you happy. I love you. I think if I do these things long enough it'll really make a difference. \"A key part of that is the 'long enough.' The way I see it you've been living this life for at least 250 years. It's been really hard on you. To undo all that, make up for all that, it seems to me it might take at least that long. So if I'm going to help you like I want, I need you to change me. \"I understand this is a topic you'd rather I didn't bring up, so I'm sorry I have to. I just want to be with you, Abby. I want us to be together forever. Don't you want that, too? I can make you happy. I mean more than happy. I can take away those pools of sadness. I really think I can. I just need time. Only you can give it to me.\" Abby curled up into herself, her expression miserable. Owen found himself getting annoyed. \"I know the science fiction movies aren't your favorite, but think about it. Imagine how much different the future is going to be. Who knows what sort of things might get invented, things that could really help you. The future could be so much better. But I want to be in that future with you. I don't want you to leave me behind.\" Abby still refused to respond. \"I'm trying to love you,\" Owen said, exasperated. \"Love you with my actions. But I need love, too, Abby. Don't you understand that?\" \"I'm sorry,\" she said, and that was all. Owen stood up and walked around the fire, making an effort to hide his frustration. What was he supposed to do? Abby wouldn't talk to him. Was their whole life going to be like this, him constantly trying to think up creative ways of getting information out of her? Last night's telepathy had been so encouraging. Owen felt like their relationship had taken such a huge step forward. But how to build on that success? Owen supposed he could abandon the effort at conversation and simply ask her to share another memory. In considering this he remembered the analogy Alvirez had used. The agent had mentioned secret compartments hidden inside secret compartments. Owen had discovered one hiding place through the telepathy. Maybe he should make an effort to search the same compartment rather than go looking for another one. \"Abby,\" he said, \"let's take a break from the book and try something different. I'd like you to do what you did last night. I'd like you to share a happy memory. But here's what I'd really appreciate you doing. I'd like you to share the same memory, if you would. Show me the same stuff about Constance.\" Abby responded to this request with a very peculiar smile. Owen wasn't sure what to make of this, exactly. At least it seemed to be an affirming smile. Abby sat by the fire and invited Owen to join her. He got down next to her and reentered the world of her past. The second time through the Constance memories was a radically different experience. Owen realized that the first time he had been focusing almost entirely on what he was seeing. But now he knew what was going to happen. This freed him to concentrate on Abby's feelings rather than on her actions. So many emotions! She never felt just one emotion at a time. Instead there was always a remarkable jumble of feelings coursing through her heart. Sometimes none of them stood out as dominant. Other times one emotion was clearly stronger than the rest. But always Owen had a whole collection to sort through. And then there were his own responses to what she was sharing. The total package was incredibly overwhelming. Owen was after something specific, though, which helped a lot. He zeroed in on the four times when Abby had seemed to feel hopeful. This time through Owen was able to register other emotions along with the hope: confusion, uncertainty, wonder, longing, desire, fear. The collective impression Owen received was that it had been a very long time since Abby had last experienced hope. A very long time indeed. When Abby broke the connection Owen started kissing her again. Things went a lot farther this go-around, and by the time she removed herself a considerable amount of clothing had gone by the wayside. She finally shoed Owen toward the creek. He grabbed his shirt, headed down the hill, and plopped himself directly into the water. Abby's resolve was weakening, that much was obvious. Maybe she felt the closeness of the telepathy, too, and wanted to match that emotional bond with a physical one. It was just such an overwhelmingly intimate union. How could sex even compare to it? Certainly one more episode of memory-sharing and that would be it for the whole virginity thing. He returned to the campsite an hour later. Abby had not moved from her spot on the ground. Owen sat down, took her face in his hands, and touched his forehead to hers. He considered abandoning his entire plan for helping Abby. He would ask her to share another memory; she probably would. They would make love, get married, and enjoy what time they could – perhaps a few years. Then when the age gap was too great for them to remain lovers, he would switch into the role of older brother. Two things enabled Owen to resist the temptation. First, he simply refused to follow the path trod by Abby's previous caretakers. There was no way he was going to settle for that dead-end road. He wanted more. He had to have more. He was going to make Abby whole. And that meant insisting on holding out. Second, Abby was actually feeling hope. Owen didn't know why, he had no idea what Abby was hoping for, but he guessed that if he abandoned his plan to heal her, the hope she was feeling would die. He didn't know why this was the case. He felt certain of it, all the same. \"I have to call Alvirez,\" Owen said, excusing himself. He went to the car, turned on the satellite phone. The agent picked up on the second ring. Owen summarized his evening with Abby. \"I think being with Constance was the first time she experienced hope since becoming a vampire,\" Owen explained. \"The feeling shocked her and scared her. She didn't even recognize it. She got used to it in a hurry, though. Once she started feeling it she kept longing for more.\" \"If you're right,\" Alvirez said, \"that's pretty significant. It means none of her previous caretakers made her feel that way. How many do you think there were before Constance?\" \"I know about three for certain: Betsey, John, and Sarah. My guess is there were more.\" \"It gives you a new question, at least. Why did Constance make her feel hope when none of the others did?\" \"Does that mean I'm crazy?\" Owen asked, suddenly alarmed. His actions since meeting Abby swept through his mind: hooking up with a vampire, tearing Bobby's throat out, harvesting blood in Brooklyn, obsessing over how to feed Abby, thinking about becoming a vampire himself. Wouldn't some people, at least, consider Owen to be out of his mind? Alvirez reassured him. \"The old saying is that if you can ask if you're crazy, it proves you're not. Stay focused, Owen. Maybe you have something in common with Constance. It's not insanity.\" \"I tried to talk to Abby about changing me.\" \"She wasn't interested in doing it?\" \"She wasn't interested in talking about it,\" Owen clarified. \"I swear it's like beating my head against a wall.\" \"I think in certain ways Abby is like a baby,\" Alvirez said. \"Babies don't think in words, and so they don't communicate in words. Maybe Abby is a little bit like that. There are certain topics, at least, that she doesn't think about in words. That means she'll never be able to discuss those topics with you. All you're ever going to get is non-verbal communication.\" \"I don't understand,\" Owen said. \"Babies are aware of their needs, Owen. And they think about their needs. They just don't do it in words. How they actually do think is beyond me, actually. But they obviously do. They use cries and body language to indicate that they need something. The parents have to figure out what it is. They turn the baby's non-verbal communication into words. That's what you have to do. Abby is like a baby.\" \"She uses words all the time,\" Owen objected. \"Think about it, Owen. What is she actually freely willing to talk about?\" \"Movies, music, guns, books, cars. Me, I guess. Some parts of our relationship. My homework. The news. The past. Some of it, anyway. Marriage. Maybe sex. Maybe it's just me that doesn't like talking about that.\" \"OK,\" Alvirez said. \"Now list the topics she's hesitant to discuss.\" \"Turning me into a vampire,\" Owen declared. \"Her depression. Hunting. Hiding the bodies. The future. Her wants and needs. Her previous caretakers, to some extent, at least. She won't talk about not talking. That's really frustrating. Any kind of vampire stuff, really.\" \"What do all those things have in common?\" the agent asked. \"I don't know.\" \"Well here's one thing I think they have in common. I think they're all things the monster doesn't want her talking about.\" \"What did you say?\" Owen asked, his heart seeming to stop mid-beat. \"Speech is behavior, Owen. That's something I couldn't get straight for the longest time. We choose what to do, right? We choose what to say, too. That means speech isn't really a separate category. It's just a different type of behavior, nothing more or less. \"What does the monster do to Abby? It affects her behavior. Some things it compels her to do, like reading the paper and learning about firearms. Other things it keeps her from doing, like going in sunshine and walking through open spaces. Don't you get it, Owen? Speech is behavior. That means the monster probably affects her speech. Maybe some things the monster forces her to say. More importantly, maybe there are other things the monster won't let her say. She doesn't discuss her taboo topics because the monster won't let her.\" Owen's head began spinning. Except it was really the world swirling around him, the entire universe spiraling out of control – and then shattering. The monster won't let her talk. In an instant all the anger he had been feeling toward Abby vanished, replaced with a fearful dread. She didn't give him the silent treatment because she didn't love him, because she didn't want to talk. She gave him the silent treatment because she had no choice. \"You're sure?\" Owen demanded. \"Saying the monster won't let her talk is a hell of a lot different than just saying she won't talk.\" Alvirez elaborated. \"I picture her mind like an ocean, with islands scattered across the surface. The islands are her taboo topics. The monster sets up a magnetic field around those islands. Whenever Abby's thoughts get too close to one of those islands, it's like a north pole repelling a north pole. Her mind just bounces off. She's probably not even aware of it. My guess is the monster won't even let her think about the fact that there's certain things she can't think about.\" Owen wasn't listening. The monster won't let her talk. He dropped the receiver, headed back toward the fire. Such a simple observation. But it made sense of everything. Abby was trying to speak to him. She was simply doing so at an unconscious level, using the only language still at her disposal. Owen reviewed the past year-and-a-half with Abby, myriad instances of her non-verbal communication flooding through his mind: The night they first met – \"I can't be your friend\" – expression distant and sad. After he had lent her the Rubik's Cube – \"I don't really get cold\" – voice distant, bitter. Asking her how old she was – \"Twelve, more or less\" – shrugging shoulders, wincing eyes, tone bitter. Asking her about her mom – \"My mom's dead\" – eyes empty, hopeless. In the drug store parking lot – \"Owen, do you like me?\" – voice needy, desperate. Lying beside him in his bed – \"I'm nothing\" – ageless despair. In her apartment – \"I need blood to live\" – unfocused, ashamed. After eating the policeman – \"I have to go away\" – distant, hopeless. Sharing a memory for the first time – \"Be me a little\" – tortured, empty, defeated. Weeping after Owen gave her his blood – horrified, guilty, despondent. Arguing after Lisa's death – \"This isn't what I want…you're changing\" – desperate, resigned. The silence after she killed the Cherokee Indian – ashamed, helpless, doomed. Owen digging to bury her victim in Montana – withdrawn, hopeless, despairing. Any time he tried to talk about vampire stuff – unhappy, sullen, thousand-yard-stare. The monster won't let her talk. But Abby was finding a way to work around the monster. With every expression, every tone, every empty, distant gaze, she was telling Owen what she wanted. What she needed. Abby was still sitting, staring into the fire. She turned toward Owen as he walked up next to her. He squatted, took her face in his hands, and studied her eyes. Expressions could communicate so many different things. But if it was something the monster didn't want him to know, that eliminated a lot of possibilities in a hurry. The monster doesn't want you to talk. But why should it care? If only he could ask Abby! He knew he would never be able to. He kissed her lips and stood back up. \"I distract you from your guilty feelings,\" Owen said. \"That doesn't make the actual guilt go away, though. I make you feel loved. But do I really love you? Am I really loving you? I make you feel hopeful. But have I actually given you anything to look forward to? I think I've figured out this much, though: you hoped Constance would do something for you. That's part of why you enjoyed being with her.\" Abby folded her hands and pressed them to her mouth. Her eyes welled up with tears. \"This thing you wanted Constance to do,\" Owen continued, \"it was something only a crazy person would do. Constance never did it. You were with her for so long, but she never did it.\" Abby started crying freely now. It was strange, though. She seemed relieved, grateful, joyful. What did such tears mean? Was she happy? Sad? Both? \"Whatever it is you wanted from Constance,\" Owen concluded, \"you think I might do it. I'm not crazy. But you still think I might give you what you want. That's why I make you feel hope.\" \"I'm sorry we never got married,\" Abby said, rubbing her cheeks. \"You're hoping for something, but you can't tell me what it is.\" \"I'm sorry I was so selfish,\" Abby said, placing her palms on the ground. \"It won't let you.\" Abby winced, her face so unbearably full of grief. \"I'm sorry,\" she said. Owen glanced away. A future of horror and despair threatened to swallow him. To become Abby, to take all that hopelessness upon himself – how could he do it? How could she expect him to endure it? Yet what choice did he have? He loved her. He loved her so much. And if the monster would not let her talk, there was only one thing Abby could be hoping for. Owen drew his sidearm, aimed at Abby's center-of-mass, and pulled the trigger. The monster sensed danger, driving Abby quickly to her feet. As a result the bullet pierced her stomach instead of her chest. She staggered back, already in vampire form. She turned to flee. Owen was crying himself now, which blurred his vision. He could make out red on Abby's back, indicating that his first round had passed through. He fired a second time, striking her in the left buttock, and a third time, taking out her right knee. She growled and collapsed on the ground. Then she rolled over, and she was Abby again. She used her hands to turn around, propping herself up to face him. \"Let me turn you,\" she said. \"You saw how it was with me, with Virginia, with Lucy. Just a single bite. We'll be together forever, Owen. I know it's what you want. Live with me. Stay with me. Please.\" Owen realized all he had to do was take three steps forward. Abby would bite him, she'd be unable to resist. Owen might have to fire once more to keep her from killing him. And then, by the time she recovered, Owen would be a vampire, too. There'd be nothing she could do about it. She'd simply have to accept it. And as he considered it, Owen decided that it was what he wanted. Despite all the horror and misery of a vampire's life, the murder and the shame and the hindered thoughts, Owen knew that more than anything else he wanted to be with Abby. They would go into the future as husband and wife, enjoying one another for thousands of years. Some advanced technology would take care of their dietary requirements, Owen would slowly, steadily heal Abby's soul, and they would grow more in love by the century. How refreshing, how freeing, to finally know what he wanted. But it wasn't what Abby wanted. Owen fired a fourth time, hitting her above the right breast, and a fifth time, striking her left shoulder. She fell onto her back, her breathing ragged. Owen approached and discovered on Abby's face the most beautiful look he had ever seen. It wasn't fun, or happiness, or love. It wasn't even hope. It was peace. \"Owen,\" she said, her voice terribly gentle. \"I love you.\" Owen nodded. Then he wiped the tears from his eyes, cocked his pistol, and shot her through the heart.[Chapter 16] Chapter 16: The Hilltop Alvirez helped Owen drag Abby's body to the top of the hill. There Owen unwrapped the tarp in which they had carried her, exposing her precious, broken form. The horizon was just beginning to lighten. The boy had until sunrise to change his mind. Owen began stroking Abby's hair and caressing her face. He seemed numb, calm even. Too calm. Alvirez had witnessed such behavior before, could guess what it meant. The boy had decided to join Abby in death. The agent didn't think Owen had reloaded his gun. He was probably planning on burning. Alvirez was left with a decision of his own to make. Should he let Owen kill himself? For that matter, should he let the kid kill Abby? Owen had acted in such haste. That in itself was rather interesting. No contemplation or delay. Owen must have thought the monster would sense danger and respond. And if that were the case, then Alvirez was mistaken about the two times he had supposedly \"defeated\" Abby. First on the rooftop in Bernalillo, then in the forests of North Carolina: both times Alvirez had been in Abby's presence, firearm in hand. He could have shot her. Or so he had thought. But if the monster could sense danger to such an extent that Owen had been forced to act instantly, then that meant the only reason Alvirez had gotten close to Abby with gun was because the vampire had sensed no intent to harm. Which meant Alvirez hadn't really defeated her at all. Except here he was, standing over her dead body on a hilltop in Wyoming, his own words having egged Owen on to do the despicable deed. Was he really right? Did the monster actually restrict her ability to speak? Owen certainly thought he was right. But considering the boy was a total mess at the moment, that didn't necessarily mean a whole lot. Owen picked up her hand and pressed it to his cheeks, his forehead, his lips. \"So cold, Abby,\" the boy said. \"You never warm up, no matter how long I hold you.\" Alvirez glanced away. Was he going to be able to hold it together? He had seen a lot of people die, but not like this. He walked around Abby so he could get a better look at Owen's eyes. The boy's expression was vacant, hopeless, distant: just like Abby. Dear Jesus , he thought, what am I supposed to do? Should he try to talk Owen out of it? And if so, what could he possibly say to make the boy want to go on living? Was there a reason to go on living? Maybe Alvirez should simply jump on the pyre with the two young lovers and add a little fuel to the bonfire. There would never be another project like Abby. How could there be? Figuring her out was certain to be the high point of his life. Could he content himself with going back to the study of \"normal\" people? Or should he go out on a high note, his greatest victory still fresh and alive? Not that he had planned on Abby dying. Or that he had even expected Owen to reach the conclusion he had reached. Alvirez tried to remember what he had been thinking, found it hard to do so. He had realized Abby didn't think in words, that the monster hindered her ability to talk. Had he really gone past that? At some level had he guessed where Owen would go with that? He didn't know. He didn't think he would ever know. Abby was dead. And Alvirez was partly to blame. Owen kept inspecting the horizon, watching the sky brighten. The weather was flawless, crystal clear: no help there. Alvirez observed Owen as the boy played with the tarp. It was like he kept thinking about draping it over Abby, only to change his mind again and again. The agent figured he had to say it at least once. \"You don't have to do this, Owen,\" he said. \"We can wrap her back up, stick her in her tent, let her heal. I can go rustle up someone for her to eat when she wakes up. She doesn't have to die.\" \"What would she say?\" Owen asked. \"If she could speak? Maybe she'd say she does have to die.\" He went back to kissing her face. Alvirez wondered how long it would take Abby to heal. Part of him hoped she would wake up in time. She would spring from the ground, eat Alvirez, and then rush off to find some sort of shelter. Maybe she would go back to Owen one day. Maybe she wouldn't. But at least Owen would still be alive. And the kid wouldn't have to deal with the prospect of an Abby-less universe, himself to blame for it. How do you convince someone to live? Owen had made no effort to talk Abby into living. Once he had realized what she wanted, he had acted – and without delay. But Owen was at such a different place in life. Presumably he did still have something to live for. The agent glanced over his shoulder at the brightening horizon, guessed he had about twenty minutes to figure out what that might be. \"I understand why Abby would want to die,\" Alvirez said. \"I've known men, soldiers and criminals, who killed themselves out of guilt. I reckon Abby's done worse than any of them. So her wanting to die, that makes sense to me, Owen. And maybe she is just too far gone. Maybe this really is the only way for her to be at peace. \"But how can you be certain?\" the agent asked. \"If I'm correct – if the monster won't let her talk – then the one thing you want is the one thing she can never give you. She can never just plain look you in the eye and say, 'I want to die.' \"You understand you're making a lot of assumptions here. Why won't she discuss her taboo topics? Because doing so would reveal her death-wish, and the monster won't let that happen. Why won't she hide the bodies? Because a secret part of her wants to get caught. Why won't she turn you into a vampire? Because she'd rather have you kill her. That's an awful lot of guessing. How can you know you're right?\" Owen gazed up at him, blinking. It was too much for the boy to handle. Alvirez could see it in his eyes. Likely the child couldn't think at all. He had made his decision. Now he was simply waiting for the sun to rise. Uncertainty, doubt, reservation, misgiving. Alvirez tried to imagine himself in Owen's shoes. He reckoned the second-guessing would drive him mad. Did Abby really want to die? How can I know? I have to know. But I can't know. It wouldn't take too much of that to make any man insane. Maybe death on this knoll really was the best Owen could hope for. \"Pick one thing,\" Alvirez urged. \"Pick the one thing that most clearly indicates Abby doesn't want to die.\" This got Owen's attention. \"She entered uninvited,\" Owen recalled, staring into the past. \"She started bleeding all over the place. I saved her. I told her she could come in. It made her so happy. I'd never felt her so happy. You'd think she'd have responded differently if she wanted to die.\" Alvirez tried to process this. Did it mean something? Anything? Everything? \"There are several possible explanations for her response that night,\" he said. \"One is that you're just plain wrong. Abby does not want to die. This is not what she's been hoping for. That moment in your apartment is actually a better indicator of her inner feelings than anything else she's ever given you. You're in the process of making a tragic mistake, one that will destroy both her life and yours.\" Alvirez paused for a response. He wondered if Owen were even listening. \"Another possibility,\" the agent continued, \"is that her happiness at that moment came from realizing, at an unconscious level, that you might finally be the person who would love her like she wanted. She might have been asking herself, 'Could this be the one? Could this be the friend who will finally figure out what I most desire but can never express? Could he be the one who will love me enough to kill me?' Not that the monster would ever let her think such thoughts, of course. But maybe that was what was really going on deep inside her. \"But the most likely explanation,\" Alvirez granted, \"is the simplest: part of her wants to live, part of her wants to die. Even as she longs for her melancholy to end, she still clings to existence and light and joy. So you have to think about that one part of her, Owen, that part that wants to live. Why not obey the desires of that part, and let her keep living?\" \"I know her heart,\" Owen said. \"I feel the self-hate during telepathy. I hear the bitterness in her voice. I see the emptiness in her eyes. This is what she wants. I know that now. Maybe I've always known it. I tried so hard to make her whole.\" He lowered his head onto Abby's chest. \"Some hurts can't be fixed.\" Jesus, how was he supposed to dispute that? Wasn't he just a broken relic himself, going through the motions, suppressing the barrenness of a detestable life? How could he argue that this girl ought to live? Why should anyone live? Maybe it was better to burn. Owen had let Abby in, sparing her life. She had seemed happy to be spared. An event open to different interpretations – like everything else Abby had given them. Owen might sound confident at the moment, but that was only because he was planning on dying in the next few minutes. If he went on living, the doubts, the second-guessing, would creep in and destroy him. Because he could never really know for certain. Always the question would be there: did I make the right call? Alvirez considered the decisions he had made in Vietnam, some of them right, some of them wrong. Decisions that got people killed. So many people killed. He knew the frustration that came in the night, the lurking wonder that wrecked the soul. What if? What if? What if? Blood dripped from his hands and lips and brain, the gore of innocents. He owed the gods a death. Oh, he knew why Abby wanted to die. No mystery there. Could he give Owen a reason to live? Could he give himself one? If the doubt were certain to slay his sanity, what kind of life could the boy possibly have? Certain doubt. There was an ironic problem: there was no doubt that doubt would kill them all. Alvirez laughed then, although he didn't think Owen noticed. What intellectual challenge could possibly be more interesting than figuring out Abigail Wheeler's internal thought processes? Discovering a way to be certain that Abby really wanted to die. The quest for certainty – that would be even harder, for as post-moderns alleged, of course, it was impossible to be certain about anything. How to fight the madness of uncertainty? Become certain! But how could they seek it? How could they find it? Abby had given them all she could. What could ever enable them to take that data and reach an assured conclusion? It would be a monumental task, an epic task, a quest for an infallible understanding of the mind and motivation of another creature. Could they do it if Abby were dead? Could they do it if Abby were alive? The proposition was simple: Abby wants to die. Was part of the tragedy of her existence that they could never know for sure until after she was dead? But how to gain such confidence? Could the mission ever be accomplished? It would be a life's work. Enough to make Alvirez want to go on living. Would it be enough for Owen? Part of the reason Owen wanted to die was probably the agony of uncertainty. He couldn't imagine living with the doubt that he had made the wrong call. But what if he lived to fight that doubt, to conquer it, to acquire a certain knowledge that he had done the right thing? That might be enough to live for. Maybe. Alvirez realized in that instant that he wanted Owen to live. He actually cared about the boy; go figure. He would have to take him under his wing. He would have to train him and instill in him a new purpose, something that could fill the emptiness that awaited him. And if they succeeded, the holy grail of epistemology beckoned: certainty. The agent squatted down next to Abby. In the growing light he thought her wounds appeared a bit less ragged. The monster was repairing her injuries, racing the rising sun. \"I wonder if any of her caretakers ever figured it out,\" Alvirez said. \"She needed someone determined enough to dig into her motives and discover her secret hope. She needed a person willing to act on that knowledge. And it seems she also needed a person who would act instantly, without delay. I reckon you're the only one who ever loved her enough to meet all those requirements.\" Owen stroked her hair, ignoring him. \"I used to think you'd given up everything for Abby,\" the agent said. \"I was wrong. Now you're giving up everything for her. If you walk off this hill with me.\" Owen looked up. \"Huh?\" he asked. \"What's harder?\" Alvirez asked. \"To die with her, or to live with what you've done? I think we both know the answer to that. I don't think she wants you to die for her, Owen. I think she wants you to do something much harder. I think she wants you to live for her, to take all her hopelessness and misery and self-hate upon yourself. I think she wants you to endure the uncertainty of whether you really gave her what she hoped for. To live with that burden, Owen – that would be giving up everything.\" The boy actually seemed to consider this line of reasoning, although Alvirez wasn't sure why. He pressed his advantage. \"If Abby could actually talk,\" he said, \"do you think she'd want you to die with her? Wouldn't it make her happier to know that you, at least, went on living? She doesn't want you to be a vampire. And you're not. You have the human life she envied. It's her gift to you, Owen: refusing to make you like her. She would want you to enjoy that gift.\" Owen put his head back on Abby's chest. Alvirez knew he had to try something else. The agent was using argumentation. Owen made decisions based on emotions. How could he reach the boy's heart? What could he say to awaken a desire for life? \"The monster is cruel to her, Owen. It denies her one of the core benefits of human reason: self-knowledge. It won't let her know herself, not at a conscious level, anyway. So you've gone and done that for her. You've thought for her, felt for her, known her, better than she knows herself. \"Do you need me to do that for you, Owen? Do you need me to know you, to feel for you because you're incapable of doing it for yourself? I tell you, you don't really want to die. There's a part of you that craves life, that longs to live enough for both of you. You have that part in you right now. You're satisfying the part of Abby that wants to die. But she wants more than that. She would have you satisfy the part of you that wants to live.\" Owen pressed his forehead to Abby's, started crying. Alvirez realized he was wasting his time. There was no way he could talk the boy out of this course of action, not in this extremis of emotion. It was a time for death. \"Maybe other friends of hers did figure it out,\" Alvirez suggested. \"But they didn't love her enough to go through with it. Maybe Constance would have done it, but she wasn't able to figure it out. I can imagine at least a few, perhaps, who started wondering if what Abby really wanted was peace. But they couldn't give up what peace they had so Abby could have some of her own instead. \"I know you might not want to hear this,\" the agent continued, \"but I think there's something inherently selfish about Abby. She's damaged goods. She doesn't have much to offer. She needs you to give way more to her than she can ever give to you. She needs you to do something for her that she can't earn and can never repay, something she can't even ask for. She is utterly helpless. You have to figure out her need and meet it for her sake, not yours. You get only one thing in return: the possibility that you actually helped her, that you succeeded in meeting the one need she truly cared about. \"You wanted to make her whole. But you never realized that might entail breaking yourself in the process. You were willing to do it, though. I'll give you that. But now I guess you're damaged goods, too. I'm done trying. Go ahead and burn.\" He plopped on the ground next to Owen. The boy paid him no mind. Alvirez couldn't believe he had stooped to reverse psychology. His mind seemed scattered, unfocused. He so hated the thought of Abby dying. It was inconceivable to imagine the world without her. Life would seem hollow, void, meaningless. An Abby-less world. The agent figured he had some inkling of Owen's inner darkness, understood why the child wanted it to end. But that couldn't be allowed. \"I imagine Abby and the monster as locked in a cold war,\" Alvirez said, trying to think of something to say as he scooted closer to Owen. \"They don't like each other, but they're forced to coexist. Abby uses the monster's strength and wings. The monster uses her intellect and gentleness. I can guess that Abby hates the monster, but I wonder if the monster hates Abby. Maybe it would prefer her to just accept that they're on top of the food chain. That Abby has a conscience probably really annoys the creature. Maybe it wishes she would think of herself as an animal. Animals don't feel guilty after they eat. I know you always want to take away Abby's guilt, but maybe she doesn't want it gone. Maybe she likes tormenting the monster with its deeds.\" He shifted a little more, kept prattling. \"I think it's interesting you had to prompt her to share the memory of Constance. I think she wanted to share that with you sooner, but she had to wait until you asked. The monster wouldn't let her take the initiative. It wouldn't let her know what she actually wanted to do. How smart is it, though? I think it depends on Abby to do the heavy thinking. By limiting her ability to think it ends up limiting itself. It denies her the ability to reflect, to know herself. It won't let her be introspective, or ask herself why she feels what she feels. But then how was it to know how dangerous it could be to let Abby share the Constance memories?\" Owen started mumbling. \"Abby, I love you. I love you so much. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. I never even asked you to marry me. I can't believe this is how we end. I'm sorry.\" Tears poured down his cheeks as he pawed at Abby's chest. It was so much brighter. Was that the vampire's heart pounding in her chest? The agent glanced over his shoulder at the dawn. Just a few minutes to go. He adjusted into his final position. \"Let me ask you something,\" Alvirez said, ignoring Owen's weeping. \"At the moment you actually shot her, did you give any thought to the lives you were saving?\" Owen had nothing to say to this. Once again he lifted Abby's hand to his face. \"Maybe in one way Abby was selfish,\" the agent suggested. \"But in another way you seem to be a lot more self-absorbed. How many people has Abby killed over the centuries? Five thousand? Probably more. And how many will she kill in the future if she doesn't die here? Do you care about those lives? \"This is something you need to think about, Owen. Maybe you don't care about her prospective future victims. But maybe, just maybe, Abby does. Imagine she cares about them. All of them. She would consider her death both proper and worthwhile. Not a cause for mourning at all. A cause, in fact, for rejoicing. She would ask you what the hell you're doing, blubbering when you should be dancing. \"She hates the monster,\" Alvirez offered. \"She wants it dead. She wants it dead even more than she wants to stay alive. There are good people in the world, Owen. People who value the lives of others more highly than they value their own. I say Abby is a good person. For the sake of all those future victims, and the ones before, she desperately seeks the monster's destruction. \"Because she was trying to communicate with you,\" Alvirez said, \"and because you figured out what she was trying to say, that means the two of you defeated the monster together. You saved countless lives together. That might not mean anything to you now. But I think one day it will.\" Alvirez jumped from his spot and tackled Owen. \"No!\" the boy shouted, struggling to get free. Alvirez pinned the child's arms to the side of his body and wrestled him into the dirt. \"Let me go!\" Owen demanded. Alvirez remained silent, letting the boy fight until he finally gave up. \"Why?\" Owen pleaded. \"Because I'm a heartless, unromantic son-of-a-b-,\" the agent replied, \"and right now that's exactly what you need. Look at her!\" he demanded. The sunrise was now just moments away. \"Own it, Owen. Face it. You don't know. You have to know. But you don't know. Maybe this is exactly what she's been hoping for. Maybe you're making the biggest mistake of your life. There's no way to know. Not right now, anyway. Feel the uncertainty, Owen. Feel it! She wants you to feel it.\" They stared at Abby together, watching as the first rays of sunlight struck her face and hands. Her skin began to blacken. Owen started screaming. \"This is how you save someone,\" Alvirez declared, shouting in Owen's ear. \"You take their pain upon yourself, and you feel it. Feel your heart, Owen. That's her sadness. That's her despair. It was hers, and now it's yours. You're saving her, Owen. Just like you wanted.\" Abby burst into flames. Alvirez was no longer wrestling Owen, but comforting him, embracing him, crying with him. The hilltop blazed with unnatural light, consuming their hopes and dreams. \"Now you have nothing,\" Alvirez said. \"And she has everything. And that is love.\"[Chapter 17] Postscript Thanks so much for reading Let Me In 2 ! I hope you found the characters interesting and the plot thought-provoking. Perhaps few people will say the story has a happy ending. But Owen really does manage to give up everything for Abby. And we can hope the poor girl rests in peace. The theme of vampiric suicide is not new. Neither is the idea that the monster will not allow Abby to kill herself. What may perhaps be original is the notion that the monster will not even allow Abby to think or say she wants to die. This turns the story into a mystery and a character study: figuring out what Abby really needs, and then deciding what to do with that knowledge. At the conclusion of the film X-Men: Last Stand , Wolverine/Logan makes the same decision that Owen makes. For the sake of the woman he loves, he kills the woman he loves. But in the movie, Jean Grey twice articulates her desire to die. To me this strips the movie of much of its potential power. The film would be better if Jean is never able to tell Logan what she really wants. Logan has to figure it out on his own. He has to kill her, never knowing for certain if he is making the right call. It would make his sacrifice much more poignant, for in addition to committing himself to a life without Jean, he is also committing himself to a life of doubt and uncertainty and possibly even madness. That is giving up everything for someone. There are other stories in which the man loves the girl by giving her up. The movie Hancock and the novel A Tale of Two Cities come immediately to mind. The theme of dying for the girl is more common, of course, but I wonder which is harder: dying for the girl you love, or killing the girl you love? At one point Owen tells Lisa he would die for Abby. Lisa is not impressed. Would she be impressed with what Owen ends up doing instead? I've taken some digs at Twilight . Let me say up front that I've read all four Twilight books, and find the last one in particular to be entertaining. But the romanticizing of vampirism I simply cannot handle. There is nothing romantic about being a vampire. Abby hates what she is and what she does. Let Me In is such a powerful movie precisely because it does not romanticize vampirism. What's so special about a coven of super-heroes on a restricted diet? But a helpless girl afflicted and tormented by the blood-sucking demon inside her? Now that's interesting. I find the psychology of Abby's character utterly fascinating – so much so that I've written an entire novel about two men trying to figure her out. She really is an enigma. The direction I take Abby is based primarily on the body language used by actress Chloe Grace Moretz. Her tone of voice is very significant, especially in the lines \"Owen, do you like me?\" and \"I'm nothing.\" But it's her eyes that really flesh out the inner life of her character. Such empty, vacant, tragic eyes. She looks like someone who is going through hell – and wants it to stop. This is my take on her facial expressions, anyway. I realize others might interpret her body language differently. As a twelve-year-old, Owen is too young to understand Abby. But if he's an adult when he finally figures her out, I don't think he could give her what she wants. So Owen has to be old enough to reach the critical conclusion, yet young enough to act upon it. The challenge then becomes how to mature Owen quickly but realistically. This is my core motive for giving him so many \"grow up fast\" experiences – juvie, Brooklyn, Alvirez' training. When a fourteen-year-old boy realizes that Abby wants to die, the reader needs to accept this discovery as plausible. Hopefully it is plausible. Owen has been through a lot. He has grown up fast. But he is still a child, still able to point a gun at a child and pull the trigger. I don't think most adults would be able to do that. But Alvirez plays a larger role in the story than simply teaching Owen. Owen learns a lot from him, certainly. Yet Alvirez is still the only adult in the book. He is the one who makes the critical discovery about how the monster limits Abby, not Owen. No matter how fast Owen is growing up, I don't think any teenager could connect the dots and realize that Abby doesn't discuss her taboo topics because the monster won't let her . This discovery has to be made, but only an adult can make it. Thus the need for Alvirez. A basic decision I had to make before starting Let Me In 2 was whether or not to POV Abby (meaning whether or not to show some events from her point of view). I decided not to, for three reasons. First, the movie presents Abby as an enigma, and I really wanted to retain that sense of mystery. To POV Abby lets the reader into her thoughts and feelings. The mystery is undone. Second, this story is all about two people trying to figure Abby out. I wanted the reader to join the characters on their quest rather than know the answers in advance. Third, it is essential for the ending that the reader not know what Abby is really thinking and feeling about Owen's decision. The movie Let Me In concludes on a train, signifying that the story of Owen and Abby can proceed in many directions. I want to be faithful to this theme of uncertainty expressed by Matt Reeves. In her last moment alive, Abby may be utterly and completely thrilled that a caretaker has finally figured out what she wants – and is willing to do it for her. Or Owen might be making a colossal, tragic mistake. Owen doesn't know. He never knows. And neither do we. Deleted Scene Owen drove his Oldsmobile west. Abby lay buried in a sleeping bag in the back seat. She made no sound. She did not appear to be breathing. Owen had no idea if her four wounds would heal or not. He had long since cried himself out, however. He concentrated on the road. It was 1:13 AM, August 3, 1984. Alvirez had really blown it. That much Owen understood. Abby's secret had gotten out and some stranger had forced Abby to bite her. Owen wondered how long the vampiric transformation took, if the unknown woman was already running amok in Maryland. He wondered if she would know to stay out of the sun. He wondered if she would bite the man who had come with her and turn him into a vampire also. He and Abby had trusted Alvirez. Things had been going so well. Murderless blood for over four months, without the torments of the Brooklyn ghetto. Going on dates all the time – movies and shopping and Shakespeare and the Kennedy Center. Just last night they had gone and seen Cyrano de Bergerac. Abby had absolutely adored the performance. Already it seemed like another life. And the schooling! What was Owen going to do without his tutor? Without Alvirez? Although the agent certainly hadn't been smart enough to prevent this disaster. He had seen it coming, of course; Owen realized that now. But the man should have done something to keep it from happening. Owen wondered if Alvirez was alive or dead. He wondered if he cared. Owen crossed into Indiana and heard a rustling from the back seat. Fresh tears burst from his eyes. Abby was alive! He knew she would heal! Four bullets couldn't kill a vampire. She was made of tougher stuff. He exited the highway quickly and found a back road. It had only been six days since Abby had last eaten, but Owen reckoned it wouldn't matter. Abby would wake up confused and hungry and thoroughly pissed. He parked on an empty farm road, opened both passenger doors, and backed away from the vehicle a good twenty yards. When Abby surged from the car she was all monster. She growled at Owen and took to the air. Owen watched her disappear. Then he rooted for supplies, set out bottles of water and fresh clothes, and wandered into a field so Abby could have some privacy when she returned. Owen hoped she would not be long. He wanted to kiss her so badly! He picked an ear of corn and thought over the times he had kissed Abby - Santa Fe National Forest, the Wonder Wheel, Cherokee. So many awesome kisses! Unfortunately, their first full kiss was not so awesome. It still bothered Owen that Abby had initiated rather than the other way around. But it was worse than that: Owen didn't even kiss back. He just stood there - frozen, blank, miserable - shocked over what Abby had done to the detective. The worst first kiss ever: Abby soaked in blood, brooding in the gloom, head hung in ruin. Then her eyes glanced up at Owen, waiting. For what? Finally she approached, kissed him gently. And he kept his place, doing nothing - dead like Abby whenever Owen hugged her. And how could so much blood end up on his lips with just one kiss? Could she really be doing this? Could she really be kissing him while her mouth was covered in blood? Abby standing there, waiting. Motionless when Owen hugged her. Never hugging back. But when the time had come to make out, it was Owen who had been passive. Why did Abby initiate kisses? What on earth made her think it was okay to kiss before she cleaned her face? A year and a half since that kiss. Owen pushed it away. Four bullets. On the run. Alvirez dead. Covered in blood. Cornfield. Car. Blood-covered kiss. Alvirez dead. Alvirez dead. Alvirez dead. Kiss-covered blood. Owen returned to where he had parked, took position, and waited. After another hour Abby touched down five paces in front of Owen, her wings disappearing the instant her feet touched the ground. She wore a pair of jeans and nothing else. Owen smelled the life Abby had taken, observed its sheen in the moonlight, felt iron on the air. Abby risked eye-contact: gentle, hopeless, breathing, waiting. But always, always covered in blood. Covered in blood. Owen took a step, then another, moving slowly and boldly toward the love of his life. He stopped an inch from her chest, understanding at last that it was the blood, not the lack of clothing, that made Abby naked. That was the issue here. Abby was naked. And what would Owen do when he saw her, truly saw her, exposed at her absolute worst? He took her face in his hands and kissed her hard. Abby responded with shocking force, embracing Owen so tightly he gasped with pain. He sucked the gore from her lips deep into his mouth, then started kissing Abby all over her face. Every inch of skin tasted horrible, but Owen kept kissing and Abby began weeping: just the second time Owen had ever heard her cry. Abby's cry grew into a wail, and they fell to their knees. The vampire's hug increased in power until Owen was struggling for air. He kept kissing anyway - owning his Abby, delighting in her - till they collapsed on the ground in a daze of tears, blood, possession, and exhaustion. Owen eventually stirred to retrieve the water bottles. He became intensely aware of the pollution staining his person, but he refused to wipe his face or shed his clothes. That was the point, wasn't it? He squatted in front of Abby and starting pouring water on her head, using his fingers to scrub her cheeks. She stared into his eyes with adoring wonder, inching closer and stroking his face, till his body trembled and his head spun. Owen crawled back to the car and obtained three shirts. The first of these he used to pat Abby dry. At one point Abby took his hand and pressed it to her heart. Owen swallowed and stayed on task. He dressed his girlfriend in a satiny, long-sleeved blouse, starting with the bottom button and working his way up. Now it was Abby's turn. She took off Owen's shirt and showered him with the last of their water. She pulled a fresh t-shirt over his head, then hugged him once again. They embraced for a long time, Owen desperately grateful that Abby was still in this world, still a part of his life. \"I'm so sorry I didn't watch over you better,\" Owen apologized. \"None of that,\" Abby said. \"You love me. That's all that matters.\" They returned to the Oldsmobile and got back on the highway, Abby laying on the passenger seat with her feet in Owen's lap. Such precious, adorable feet. How amazingly wonderful that Abby was alive. Owen kept staring at her. He smiled, he laughed, he sang every song on the pop station. Such a remarkable effect Abby worked upon him. She made him so happy! ***Author Note*** Usually deleted scenes don't matter. That is not the case with Let Me In . Matt Reeves deleted the \"Be Me a Little\" scene, not because it doesn't matter, but because it didn't fit the flow of the movie at that point. But Reeves thought this deleted scene was so important that he actually wanted it to serve as the trailer for the movie. These two minutes of extra footage provide critical insight into Abby's character. If you have not seen the \"Be Me a Little\" scene, it can be viewed on YouTube: watch?v=u_wVExyVmu0 In keeping with the example of the original movie, it seems proper (even essential?) for Let Me In 2 to offer a key deleted scene as well, something that can be \"viewed\" as an extra feature after the movie is over. It must be an episode that provides significant insight into Abby's character, but that had to be removed from the story for narrative purposes. It helps if the deleted scene has an awesome soundtrack (I imagine \"Total Eclipse of the Heart\" by Bonnie Tyler). The last time in Let Me In where we ever see Abby's face is the moment she first kisses Owen on the lips. The positioning of Abby and Owen in the room is very interesting. One moment she is hugging him from behind, resting her bloody face on his shoulder. The next moment they are standing a good five or six feet apart, facing each other - grim, silent, awkward, lost. Abby stands there, waiting. What is she waiting for? Well, she ends up kissing Owen, so my conclusion is that she is waiting for Owen to kiss her . He doesn't step up, of course, so Abby finally does it instead. If only Owen had given her what she wanted at that exact moment! Perhaps they would have gotten on the train that very evening. In my mind that unsatisfying kiss creates serious unfinished business. Owen needs to realize the level of acceptance Abby is hoping for, that he will kiss her when she is covered with blood. That he will wash the blood from her face himself rather than simply setting out the supplies for her to do it. It's too much to expect of poor 12-year-old Owen, overwhelmed by the horror of the detective's dying gaze. But at some point Owen needs to man up and bury his lips in the mess that is his girlfriend's murder-stained mouth. And Abby can't tell Owen this is what she wants, of course. Owen has to figure it out for himself. The 1995 movie Othello , starring Laurence Fishburne and Irene Jacob, is one of my favorite film adaptations of Shakespeare. It does, however, make one critical mistake: it shows Othello and Desdemona consummating their marriage. A central element of the original play's plot is that Othello never consummates his marriage with Desdemona. She dies a virgin, wrongly accused of infidelity. All Othello has to do is make love to his wife. The resultant blood on the sheet will prove that Iago is lying. Instead, the marriage bed is stained with the blood of murder. The pathos of the entire story depends upon Desdemona's virginal state at the moment her husband slays her. If Othello and Desdemona have sex at any point, much of the story's power is lost. Let Me In 2 depends on the same tension. Abby and Owen never get married. Everything is moving in that direction, of course. But Owen's virginal state has to be maintained until the end, the relationship has to be severed before it is consummated, or much of the pathos drains away. Blood is shed in the end. But it is not the blood of the wedding bed. That's what makes it a tragedy. The deleted scene from Let Me In 2 does not offer consummation, but acceptance - something Abby deeply desires, and something Owen finally figures out how to provide. And there is blood. Lots of blood. But it is the blood of a hapless victim slain in service to a merciless monster. Acceptance stained by innocent blood: that is the definition of horror. Owen accepts Abby by kissing her bloody face. He dresses her by washing the blood away. -Lee Kyle, October 11, 2018 ","Summary":" Chapter 1: FBI Response This case is going to make my career. FBI Special Agent Charles Alvirez rea"},{"Movie":"SWAT","Title":"Dead? I'm Not Dead","Author":"Taxi Kid","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8479067","Passage":"[Chapter 1] DISCLAIMER DISCLAIMER DISCLAIMER, yup, you know the rest XD A/N: I hope you like it! i felt the need to write a fic from SWAT because there arent many(that have Gamble). yeah, its romance. i'll write something that isn't romance, I promise! just not now...or in the next few days. oh well. Now i havent seen it in a while but i remember the basics: favorite actor gets killed by cop, Michelle Rodriguez got shot, the dude was a traitor, their boss is a total jerk... yeah, got it all covered :) enjooooy! Please review! :D The funeral had taken place two hours ago in downtown Las Angeles, in a very quiet neighborhood. The sun was beginning to set in the October heat, and a rare, slight breeze rustled the year-round leaves on the trees surrounding the graveyard. Theresa looked down at the small, simply grave stone, scowling. She hadn't cried. She hadn't sobbed. She hadn't felt anything but the sorrow of the situation settling into her bones. The tears would come later, she knew, when she was fully alone, within the safe walls of the house she shared with her older sister Thelma. Her shiny auburn hair was cut just below her ears, getting in her eyes every few minutes. Her skin had been darkened by the weeks spent at the beach with her cousins. She wore a tank top, light blue skinny jeans, and black ballet flats. At her feet in front of the grave was a single white rose. Brian Gamble, a former cop and S.W.A.T. officer, hated getting sappy gift cards and extravagant bouquets of vibrant flowers, so she'd opted to just leave him a single white rose. He now lay dead beneath her feet, in a coffin bolted shut. Jimmy Street, the cop who'd gotten him killed, had explained everything to Theresa. She'd understood that it had been necessary to end him, but she couldn't accept the fact that he was six feet under. It just wasn't possible for her to process at the moment, even though she'd been at his grave for almost four hours. Not many had come to his half-hour long funeral, but she had come. Even though she hadn't seen him in over a year, even though they'd broken up over two and a half years ago, she'd felt the urge to leave her vacation behind and come attend his funeral. Despite everything, she still cared for this dead man. Thelma hadn't questioned the request to return home, and had bought her a plane ticket. Thelma was wealthy and tried to help out her sister who was both a painter and a librarian, but most of the time she'd refused. But when her old friend, Chris, had called and told her the news, she'd had to come straight home. She looked down at the grave, the toe of her left ballet flat nudging the freshly disturbed dirt. She squeezed her eyes, shut, remembering who he'd been...before he'd stopped being a police officer. He'd turned bitter afterward, and even then when they weren't even dating she'd occasionally see him on the street, usually headed to a bar late at night. She turned away, refusing to cry here, in public. Things hadn't worked out. She'd left him, moved out in record time, hadn't seen him in a year...and she sorely missed him with all her heart. She wouldn't say she loved him still, because she was certain she hated his guts, even if she did care. It wasn't love that had brought her back; they'd been friends for two years before they'd considered a serious relationship. Good friends. She walked away, towards the bus stop at the corner of the street as the sun sank lower, and the heat stayed where it was. She would go home, cry, and listen to her sister chat about her day at whatever big company she was in charge of, allowing her to distract her from the loss of her former friend...boyfriend. As she exited the graveyard, she was unaware of a man dressed all in black walking up to the grave. He picked up the single rose she'd left the buried man, and walked away with it, glancing over his shoulder only once to glimpse the retreating form of Theresa Paile, her hair bouncing as she hurried to catch the bus as she disappeared from view, trees blocking his vision. If she would have seen him, she would have screamed. Then punched him as hard as she could, because that was what she had always done... When he had been alive.[Chapter 2] A/N: Hola! i am here with Chapter Two. I agree: GAMBLE SHOULD NOT HAVE DIED. he should have gotten life in prison or something. but no. THEY KILLED HIM OFF! Agghhhh! anyways. (for those of you who have not seen the movie you can look it up on Wikipedia, search for it online, or if you have Netflix watch instantly). Please review anddddddda enjoy fellows! What do you think of it so far? Chris looked at Theresa with sympathy written all over her face as the woman sitting on the table stared sadly at the wall. \"You need to get drunk,\" she said, grinning. Jimmy was sitting in the corner of the break room. They'd just gotten back from a hostage situation and their shifts were finally done with. Hondo was sitting next to him, munching on something very crunchy. Deke had his feet propped up on another chair on the opposite side of the room, looking exhausted. They all did. \"That's the last thing I need,\" Theresa grumbled, hating how much she wished he was alive. Despite all the hate she harbored for the dead ex-cop, she wished he was at least alive, in jail for life at least! \"No, you really need it,\" Chris pressed. She looked to Deke. \"Help me out here, man,\" she hissed. \"It will solve your problems,\" the man said lazily. Theresa frowned. \"And give me a hangover. I think I'll pass.\" \"It may give you that,\" Hondo said, \"but trust me: it works.\" She shook her head in disbelief when she found herself saying, \"well, I guess one drink couldn't kill me.\" Chris grinned triumphantly. She playfully punched the other woman in the shoulder, who simply scowled. \"No take backs,\" Jimmy said as she opened her mouth to change her mind. She glared at him for a moment, then hopped off the table, stretching. Her sleepless night had been haunted by memories of Gamble. She'd somehow managed not to cry herself to sleep around four that morning, but had drifted off hating herself for caring in the slightest for the dead man. It bothered her. She did not love him; she hated his guts. But somehow, among all this dark, fiery hatred, she managed to care. \"I need a ride home,\" she declared, marching out the door, hearing Chris get up and follow her, along with Hondo, Deke, and finally Jimmy. \"Want to ride in the back?\" Hondo asked her, almost seriously as the exited the building. She smirked at him, and climbed in beside Jimmy, who was driving this time. They always took turns driving squad cars. It was almost ridiculous. Deke and Hondo didn't get into the car when Chris did. Jimmy pulled out of the parking lot and began navigating his way through the late afternoon traffic of L.A. \"So how's your sister?\" \"Same as she's been the last time you asked,\" Theresa said to Chris. Thelma was always happy and chatty and frankly, she annoyed her little sister sometimes, but at a time like this, she was glad for the talkative buisness woman. \"Really,\" Chris grinned. \"So what's waiting for you at home?\" \"Bills,\" Theresa answered, rolling her eyes. She was a secretary that worked for her sister. She didn't pay attention to what anyone ever said to her. She couldn't remember what the company's name was because it had a billion words in it, so she simply called it work. She and her sister's bills were divided between the two of them and once a month they planned to sit down one day and finish paying them in record time. The time to beat was two hours. \"Want me to pick you up at eight, then?\" Chris asked. The officers she was friends with were all still in uniform, and hadn't gotten the chance, or had wanted to, to change right away after getting back from their assignment. \"Sure,\" she said as the cruiser came to a halt in front of her and her sister's home, and before slamming the door, she joked, \"as long as I make it through the day without getting killed.\" Chris and Jimmy waved goodbye as Theresa trudged up the steps and burst into the house. \"Thelma?\" she called. No reply. She listened carefully and to her disappointment, the two-story house was empty. She went into the kitchen and found a note pinned to the fridge in her sister's bubbly scrawl: Baby Sister (ha ha), Will not be home until 6: 30 PM. Don't start on those bills without me. See you when I get back. Love, Thelma PS: Don't eat all the chocolate ice cream again. I want some too, you know! She scowled at the note. Baby sister, eh? She was only six years younger! She shrugged, kicking off her ballet flats. She was wearing a denim skirt that reached her knees, a red and white tank top that had a black and white butterfly on the front, and her hair was kept out of her eyes with a thin black headband. She scowled as she pulled open the freezer to find choclate and peanut butter ice cream. Theresa was allergic to peanuts and everything related to them. She rolled her eyes. She shut it and headed towards the stairs, wishing that her sister was home. So she could be distracted. Yesterday only seemed like seconds ago: yesterday, she had gone to his grave. She started to climb the stairs with a frown on her face when she heard it. A soft click . She froze, her heart beginning to beat faster. A creak of the wooden floorboards and the barrel of a cold gun pressing into the back of her head told her that someone was behind her. \"You want money? Check the invisible safe under my bed,\" she blurted. She silently cursed herself. It was like she had to make smart-ass remarks in bad situations. They always got her into trouble. \"Nah, I know what's under your bed, and it sure isn't a safe.\" Her heart stopped for only a minute. She would know that voice anywhere. She sniffed and felt her a sudden pain in her chest. She would know that cologne anywhere. There was no doubting who it could be...but how? \"How do you know what's under my bed?\" she asked. \"I'm pretty sure you can't know.\" \"I've been in your house way too many times to know what's in all the hiding spots in this place, Theresa,\" he said. She swallowed hard. She turned, very slowly, as slowly as he would allow, and found herself face to face with her dead ex-boyfriend and ex- best friend. \"BRIAN!\" she screeched, stumbling backwards so she fell onto the stairs. Her eyes were wide, but tears did not escape them. Fury and hurt engulfed her. \"Do you want the neighbors to hear?\" he hissed, pressing the gun to her temple. She shook her head, trying not to show him she was scared. She was very bad at masking her feelings. \"Good.\" \"You're dead,\" she said, anger filling her voice. So what had she mourned, exactly? An empty grave? \"You have a gravestone with your name on it.\" \"Yeah, see, I didn't want to use it just yet.\" \"What a clever disappearing act,\" she muttered. \"Now, if you would be so kind as to get out of my house and never come back—\" He cut her off by grabbing her arm and slamming her against the wall, knocking the wind out of her momentarily. She wheezed, finding no strength to fight back. \"Can't do that.\" He was still bitter. \"Why not?\" she asked. \"Because I have some buisness to take care of before I go back to being dead,\" he said. \"Does it really have to include me?\" He smirked suddenly, and pulled something out from behind his back. The sight of what was in his hand made her gasp. It was the white rose she'd left him...yesterday. She looked from the rose, to Brian, to the rose, and back to Brian. \"Yeah, thanks to this, it does. Now here's the deal here: you keep quiet about me, act like nothing's changed, and you get to live. Got it?\" She found herself nodding, even though she wanted to yell at him. \"Thought you hated me.\" \"Same to you.\" \"Death changes a man.\" She scoffed. \"Yeah, sure,\" He frowned at her. \"You will not tell anyone,\" he snarled, pressing the gun into her temple with more force than before. Wincing, she nodded. \"Fine, fine, you win! Just don't shoot me!\" He smirked and stepped away from her. \"I'll be seeing you around,\" he said, and the gun came crashing down on Theresa's skull, and her world faded into darkness. A/N: ok, i did NOT want to wait for Gamble to make his entrance, Ya know why? BeCause i didnt feel like waiting a zillion chapters for him to magically appear. *TA DA* lol[Chapter 3] A/N: hi i know im updating WICKED FAST like everyday BUT LUCKY for you I have a 3 day weekend so you get more stuff :) enjoy! I was going to update yesterday but never got around to it... anywaays! Here is your Chapter Three! :D When Theresa opened her eyes, she was lying on the couch. Remembering what had happened just a moment ago—wait, why was it dark out? She sat up quickly and saw that it was eight o'clock. Alarm bells rang in her ears. How long had she been out? Wasn't her sister supposed to be home? \"Thelma?\" she called, standing up, feeling sore on the spot where Brian had hit her on the head. Brian. She hadn't allowed herself to absorb the shock of it all, of Brian not being dead, of him holding a gun, willing to shoot her. She hadn't let it sink in at all. Now she was feeling the full effects of the event from four hours ago. She'd had to accept it with a gun to her head. But now, here... she shuddered, stifling the urge to start throwing things across the room and afterwards grab a blunt object and go out into the night and attempt to find Gamble and put him back in the ground where he belonged. Her chest suddenly felt as if it were being crushed when she finished that thought, and flinched, her hand going over her heart. Okay. So she wouldn't kill him. Maybe she would get him thrown into jail...but she wasn't allowed to tell anyone. Brian would surely find out if she did and he would probably kill her or at least almost kill her. He knew where she worked, where she lived, what her favorite movie was, what types of music she liked...almost everything. It wasn't creepy: they'd been best friends since her twenty-first birthday. \"Thelma!\" \"Yeah?\" came the lazy reply from the kitchen. Theresa leapt up and dashed to the kitchen. \"When did you get in?\" the younger of the two asked, her eyes darting all around the room. Brian must have put her on the couch. \"A while ago,\" she replied, looking up from a thick paperback that she knew was full of political crap she didn't care for. Theresa had never read her favorite genre of books, but it wasn't in any way appealing to her. \"Is something wrong?\" \"How come you didn't wake me up to do bills?\" \"Your note,\" Thelma said matter-of-factly, her eyes darting over to the fridge where an orange sticky note was pinned underneath the older sister's. She took only two steps forward and anger flared up when she read it. It was in her scrawl...but then again it wasn't. \" Darn it, \" Theresa hissed. Thelma: I need some rest. Had an exhausting day. So sorry, please start without me. Love, Theresa Brian wrote it, she realized it. No one could perfect her handwriting. It was much too loopy and strange to be copied perfectly. But he had been close, she saw. He'd known her for eight years, after all. \"What is it, sis?\" Thelma asked. \"N-nothing,\" Theresa murmured. \"You should have woken me up.\" \"You looked so peaceful! But whatever you were dreaming about seemed to make you unhappy.\" Theresa didn't remember what she was dreaming about. Brian, maybe? She snapped her fingers together. \"Oh! I'm supposed to go out with Chris and the guys tonight!\" Thelma gave her sister this \"you're seriously out of it\" look. \"Hondo called,\" she said. \"He said that the team had an emergency and had to postpone.\" Theresa's face fell. Here she had been hoping to tell Chris, at least, about her encounter with the living dead, and now she couldn't. This somehow told her she was going to run into trouble tonight. Groaning, she looked down at herself. Her clothes were wrinkled, but she wasn't about to change. Instead, she put on a pair of combat boots and a black hoodless jacket. \"I need to go,\" she grumbled. \"And do what?\" Thelma asked, crossing her arms and turning in her seat so she was giving her little sister the full effects of the 'You Know I'm Right Look' that she had perfected long ago. \"Look for trouble before it finds me,\" she answered, going to the hall closet and searching for the baseball bat she always kept hidden among the umbrellas, shoes, hats, and bells. \"Theresa Paile, you will not,\" Thelma said, standing up. \"I know you were really looking forward to this and I know you've been taking Gamble's death hard—\" \" Don't talk about him ,\" she snapped angrily. She wanted to tell her that he was very much alive, but knew that bad things would happen if she did. Bad things that would get someone thrown in jail and have a few wind up dead. Thelma sighed and yanked her sister out of the closet, closing it firmly. \"How about you go out to a bar and call me when you're too drunk to stand?\" she asked, irritated. Guilt filled her up, but somehow she pushed it aside. Guilt was something a member of the Paile family could never do. This sounded like a plan. Without another word, the distressed younger sister stomped away from her sister and out the front door, slamming it behind her. Thelma could only shake her head. What was wrong with her? Theresa found herself at the first bar she'd ever been to. She hadn't meant to come here. She hadn't meant to go anywhere. She had gone looking for trouble, but instead here she was, sitting at a bar counter, some strong, tangy liquid in front of her, ready to be downed. It brought back the memory of how she and Brian had met. Yes, in this very bar, they had met. \"A 'something that she couldn't remember', Melody,\" Thelma called to the bartender, who was the one of the girls' best friends. Melody, with a smirk on her face, plopped the strange thing in front of Theresa. Theresa took it and was about to down it when out of nowhere it was snatched away. She whirled around and found a smirking man slapping her glass onto the counter. \"That's too strong for you,\" he told her as if she was a five year old in need of reminding for the thousandth time. \"And how would you know, good sir?\" Melody asked him, eyebrow raised, a doubtful look on her face. \"Because it's obvious this is her twenty first birthday and she's never actually gotten wasted before.\" \"Oh, thank you, detective,\" Theresa said, rolling her eyes. She turned to Melody and Melody gave her another. She took it and downed it as fast as she could. The cold liquid burned her throat, but when it reached her belly she felt numbed. \"See?\" she glared at the man. Another man, who she would come to know as Jimmy Street, came up behind him. They wouldn't be partners for another two or three years. But they'd been great friends forever. \"How many can you chug?\" \"I don't know, detective,\" she scowled, \"how about you figure it out since you're such a genius?\" \"I am a rookie,\" he said matter-of-factly. Her eyes went wide as he showed her his badge clipped onto his belt. \"Just got in last month.\" \"Good for you, rookie,\" Thelma said. \"Now buy my sister another, since you took her first drink ever!\" He obliged and Theresa downed this one, but not as fast. He smirked at her when she made a face by the fourth glass. \"You get used to it,\" he told her sincerely. \"Thanks so much,\" she muttered, but gave him a sincere smile that could be as sincere as a half-drunk woman could muster. Of course, he laughed at her. \"Gamble,\" he said, holding his hand out to her. \"Brian Gamble.\" Her eyes seemed to light up a little. She sat up straight on her stool and shook his hand. \"Theresa,\" she said, \"Theresa Paile.\" Theresa sat on the same stool, staring at the same drink she'd been giving eight years ago. Melody turned around with a dishcloth in her hand and her eyes went wide at the sight of the distraught woman sitting in the farthest corner away from her. Smiling broadly, she made her way over to the redhead and said cheerfully, \"Hey, Theresa! Haven't seen you in forever! How ya been?\" When Melody saw how much effort the woman across from her was putting into a weak smile, she frowned softly. \"Hey, what's wrong?\" \"Gamble.\" \"What about him?\" Brian and Theresa would come here for her birthday every year, to the place where they met, and get her completely drunk for the fun of it. Although it had no point, it had been fun. Melody often only saw them twice or four times a year. This year, for her birthday, she had gone on vacation for the first time. Melody didn't know that he was dead, but she did know that they had started dating and it had ended both their romantic relationship and their friendship. \"I don't know.\" She really didn't. \"You look really out of it today.\" \"Fell down the stairs,\" she mumbled in reply. Melody's head shot up from the glass she was pouring, her eyes narrowing. \"What?\" she asked suspiciously. Theresa had always used that excuse before she had met Brian. It had been an excuse to shrug off the bruises on her arms and on her face. The man she had been daiting before she had become friends with the now supposed-to-be dead ex-cop had been the worst of the worst: good looks, good personality on the outside, twisted and cruel on the inside. Melody shuddered just thinking about it. \"Seriously,\" she insisted, bowing her head a little so the other woman could see the mark on her head. Convinced, Melody nodded. \"About time you could use that one honestly,\" she told her. \"Agreed,\" the twenty nine year old agreed, rasing her glass and drinking it quickly, taking it away from her lips with just a little under half of what she'd been given left. Out of nowhere, a hand shot over her shoulder, snatched the drink, and it disappeared over her shoulder. Theresa only turned her head to see Brian finish it and slam onto the counter, smirking. He had that look on his face, where he was only pretending to be drunk so he and Theresa could go out and spend time together once one of them got sick of their friends. \"That's too strong for you,\" he told her jokingly, slinging an arm in a lazy, drunken manner over her shoulders. \"Meet me outside.\" he whispered in her ear, and with that, he left, sending Melody a glare that mirrored her own. \"Be careful about him,\" Melody cautioned. She hadn't liked the guy, not one bit, in the first place. Now she disliked him even more because he had made her friend leave him two years ago. But now something seemed fishy to her, and it was none of her buisness. Theresa shrugged and got up, heading for the door. But she couldn't move fast enough. Someone grabbed her arm. Knowing it wasn't Brian, she turned and almost screamed at the sight of the tall, handsome man she'd ran away from eight years ago. \"Z-Zane!\"was all she managed to squeak when he dragged her out the bar door and out onto the sidewalk. \"Let me go, you evil piece of—\" his grip tightened a great deal, and she had to bit her lip in order not to cry out. Trouble had found her all right, and it came in the form of her first ex-boyfriend. She really just wanted to talk to Brian now. \"Where's your friend?\" he sneered down at her, referring to Brian, of course. When Brian had seen her bruises for the first time, he had gone off without a word to anyone, found Zane, and had beat him into six weeks of hospitalized treatment, after telling him that as long as he was around, he wasn't allowed to go anywhere near any member of friend of the Paile family. Since then, he'd done okay. But now? Did he know that he was presumed dead? When she didn't reply, he shook her roughly, nearly knocking her to the ground. \"Not here,\" he hissed, and began dragging her away to God knows where. \"Didn't I tell you never to step near her ever again? \" came the threat from a very pissed off Brian Gamble as he stepped out in front of them. She looked at him, eyes wide with fear. Remembering all the broken bones he'd received, Zane let go, glaring. \"Next time,\" he said to her, \"and don't forget that you're worthless.\" With that, he all but ran for it. Theresa stared after him, knowing she would have a bruise on her left arm because of him now. A ver noticable and nasty one, at that. \"I'm going to kill him.\" She said simply, shaking her head. \"After all this time, he was just waiting for a chance for you to disappear—\" \"Therese,\" Brian said, taking her undamaged hand gently. She looked at him, no longer afraid of what might happen. After every encounter with Zane, she was never scared, for a good week or two. It scared him, she knew, but there was nothing she could do about it. It was how she'd dealt with the pain when no one could help her and when she wouldn't let anyone help her. \"I need to talk to you.\" \"Sure,\" she said, sounding half-dead to him. He winced. \"You know the armory at the PD?\" he asked gently. \"Yeah.\" \"Give me the entrance code.\" She shook her head, sighing. She was now in no mood to argue. \"Sure.\" He had a look of sheer disbelief on his face. \"That's all you've got to say?\" \"For now.\" He smirked at her. \"Right, and in a day or two you'll be out with that old bat of yours trying to bash my head in. I'm looking forward to it. Now, I need that entrance code by tomorrow.\" \"No promises,\" she said, a bit of her undamaged self seeping back into her voice. \"And since you're technically dead, can I call you a zombie?\" \"No,\" he said, scowling. \"Why not?\" \"Because I don't eat people.\" \"But you're the walking dead.\" \"Think I didn't already know that, detective?\" Despite everything, she smirked right back. With that said, she turned and stalked away, her smirk falling. What had she just gotten herself into? A/N: whadya think? Sorry for that bit of random drama...got bored[Chapter 4] A/N: NO IDEA about the Bonnie and Clyde thing mentioned...because im making this up as I go :) but ya never know! \"CHRIS!\" Theresa shouted, stomping into the police station. Everyone looked up at her. Anger, fear, and just plain irritation streaked her face. Along with a few tears. She had spent the entire night crying not over Zane, but over Brian. \"HONDO! DEKE! JIMMY!\" They all came from different directions. Chris took her arm, but Theresa had an announcement for the whole of the PD. \"EVERYONE!\" she screamed. \"SHUT UP, SIT DOWN, AND LISTEN TO ME!\" They all did as they were told. She had decided she wasn't going to play along with Brian. Yeah, she would get him security code, but she wasn't going to keep his fake death a secret. It was now too much for her. A few more tears slipped down her cheek, and she wiped them away, embarrassed. \"I-I have something to tell you all,\" she said, looking at Jimmy directly. \"It...it's about Brian.\" \"What about him?\" he asked carefully. \"What's the meaning of this?\" Theresa heard Fuller ask. She turned around, her fists shaking with rage. She was still wearing her clothes from last night, but her jacket wasn't on her, and the bruise on her arm was showing. Oh, great. \"You shut your mouth,\" Chris snapped at him. He gave her this 'Don't Mess With Me Look' which she returned with an eye roll. She took her hand, examining the bruise. \"BRIAN GAMBLE IS ALIVE!\" she shouted angrily, glaring at all the men and women's faces. \"Yeah, I said ALIVE. As in walking, breathing, annoying, stupid...ALIVE!\" Jimmy looked the most shocked out of everyone in the room besides the ranting woman herself. \"How is this possible?\" he asked in a low voice. Everyone knew there was no point in checking to see if she was lying: she was too upset to be lying, anyway. \"I-I don't know,\" Theresa stammered, the volume of her voice going down, but everyone stayed quiet so they could hear her explanation. Some of the men and women around her wore skepticism on their faces, but she knew they were at least trying to believe her. \"He...he just came to my house yesterday, hit me on the head with his gun, and then he saved me from...Zane, and then he disappeared!\" She was not telling them about the entrance code to armory thing. She figured there was something very, very wrong with her for her to be thinking like this. It wasn't logical. And everyone knew that she would never cry this much for anyone but her sister. So something was definitely messing with her head. \"You saw him?\" Hondo asked, looking a little skeptical but nonetheless alert. He had his hand on his holstered gun. \"YES, I BLOODY WELL SAW HIM!\" she raged, snapping her hand away from Chris. \"And Zane did that, not Brian!\" \"Well, if this is all true,\" Fuller began, but she didn't let him finish. Brian had hated him ever since he'd become the boss of it all, and she had quickly followed him to the same conclusion: the world was better off without Thomas Fuller messing everything up for everyone who'd done their job well. \"YOU BET YOUR FANCY BUTT IT'S TRUE,\" she screeched. \"HOW ABOUT YOU DIG UP HIS GRAVE, HUH? HOW ABOUT YOU DO THAT!\" \"Theresa,\" Jimmy tried, but she wasn't done. \"HE IS ALIVE! DIG IT UP, I TELL YOU, AND YOU WON'T FIND THAT STUPID, ARROGANT, LITTLE—\" \"Paile,\" Hondo said forcefully, grasping her by the shoulders. \"We'll do it! Just stop yellin'.\" \"I'm sorry,\" she gulped, wiping her face hurriedly to get rid evidence that told the world Brian had actually caused her more pain that she let on. \"It... he just told me not to tell, and I just did, and... He might kill you!\" \"No surprise,\" Deke said. \"Now come on. Let's get digging.\" Hondo turned around to get the PD's attention again. \"Listen up,\" he shouted, \"all of you who're on break, off duty, or going to watch a soap opera, grab a shovel, hop in a car, and get moving! We're going to see how dead Gamble really is!\" Theresa gave him a thankful look as Chris pulled her towards the doors with a worried expression, on their way to a squad car that would carry them much too slowly to the graveyard Theresa would learn to hate with all the darkness of her being. Once they had arrived at the grave, they had ignored the media's bombardment of questions as they had dug for only an hour, with dozens of men and woman assisting. \"Miss Paile,\" a reporter called to the woman standing a ways away with Chris, who had just explained to her all that had happened...leaving out the entrance code for the armory, of course. For what? she had asked herself over and over as she went over details with her worried friend. \"Miss Paile, how did you know he was alive? Did you have a relationship with him? Were you perhaps working with him when he tried to take down the SWAT team a month ago?\" The questions kept coming, but somehow Theresa managed not to snap under the weight on her shoulders. \"Therese,\" Chris said softly, pulling her towards the grave, now dug up. They were prying away the lid to the coffin and a series of gasps followed the revealing of an empty coffin, aside from a few cinder blocks. \"I KNEW IT!\" Theresa shrieked, tears streaming down her face as she fell to the ground, sobbing. Normally, she would never had cried for anyone but her sister this much. No one at all. But now it was real. Everyone knew. Was she going to die? Was Thelma going to? What about her friends, all the police she knew? What was going to happen next? \"I KNEW THAT SORRY LITTLE JERK WASN'T DEAD!\" she managed to stand up and stomp around, forgetting the officers and the bystanders and the media personnel who were watching and filming her and sending her sympathetic looks. \"I TOLD YOU SO!\" she shouted, going right up to Fuller, who had a look of dismay and shock on his face, and shoving him so hard he fell to the ground. No one made a move to help him up. No one respected him that much. \"I TOLD YOU THAT HE WAS ALIVE! AND YOU DIDN'T LISTEN TO ME!\" \"Someone get her out of here,\" Hondo ordered, and Chris began dragging her away, kicking and screaming and crying and sobbing and swearing all at once at everyone around her. With some difficulty, Officer Sanchez had managed to get her into the squad car and was driving her home. She cried the entire way there, and didn't even stop when Chris silently helped her into the car and left her in the arms of her sister, who had stayed home due to Theresa's chaotic behavior. \"Shhh,\" Thelma kept repeating to the girl. The three women were all on the couch now, and the sobs soon were reduced to snores. Thelma shook her head at the sleeping form of her very upset sister. \"I had no idea,\" she told Chris quietly. \"So this was why she was acting so weird yesterday. But...Gamble? He threatened to kill my sister! When I turned on the news and saw my sister screaming like she was...\" \"It's okay,\" Chris assured her. \"We'll find him and catch him and put him where he belongs.\" \"I don't think she likes the fact that she believed him to be dead,\" Thelma said thoughtfully. \"She only told me once that he should have gotten life in jail instead of getting his life taken away.\" \"Yeah,\" Chris said uncertainly. \"Um...do you know how Zane is?\" \"No,\" Thelma said, scowling at the mention of him. \"Why?\" \"Gamble stuck his neck out for her, right? More than he did anything else, right?\" Thelma nodded. \"So?\" \"If Zane hurt her, what would Gamble do?\" Thelma thought a moment, and then shook her head, a grim look on her face. \"Can I tell you a short story, Officer Sanchez?\" \"Yeah, and call me Chris. Your sister does.\" Thelma nodded slowly. \"Right...Chris. Well, after the first few times my sister and that guy hung out, Zane started treating her real bad. I mean, worse than usual. She never told the police and she forbid me or Melody, a friend of ours, from telling her about the abuse she suffered from. Well, one night, she came here... Gamble had come here earlier, too. The three of us had planned to stay up all night drinking here and watch TV and stuff. But when she came through that door...my god, I didn't even recognize her. Gamble saw that Zane had followed her here and, well...he sort of beat him half to death. Threatened to kill him and feed him to alligators if he ever came near her again as long as he was around.\" She took a deep breath after a short pause. \"Chris, I belive that if he isn't already, Zane will be dead soon. Truth is, he deserved what Gamble gave him all those years ago, and he deserves whatever is coming to him now.\" The SWAT officer nodded in understanding. \"Thanks, man,\" she said, patting her on the arm. \"Call me if you need anything. If you see, hear, smell, or even think Gamble could be around, you call. Okay?\" Thelma nodded. It wasn't even noon yet, and she needed to go to work. \"I think that now he knows that everyone knows he's alive, he won't come around here anymore. He's not that stupid. I have to go to work, but I'm sure by the time I'll get back she'll be fine.\" Chris nodded standing up. \"Remember what I said 'bout calling me,\" she said as she headed for the door. \"Oh, don't worry, I doubt we'll ever see him again.\" Famous. Last. Words . A/N: Ha Ha! review! what did you think of it? thanks for reading and reviewing and everythang else![Chapter 5] A/N: HEYHEYHEY! thank you all for reading! it means a bunch! :) Theresa awoke to the news, and she sat up, groggy, remembering everything. She stared at the screen. She wasn't crying anymore. She rubbed her eyes sleepily and squinted. \"Next up,\" the female reporter gushed, \"before we get into our headline story tonight, a man was brutally beaten half to death and was found in alley next to a family park. Here is an interview with the man, which will lead up to tonight's top story!\" She rolled her eyes, but she had a bad feeling about this. The camera zoomed in, to her horror, on Zane, who was in the hospital. Beaten, bloody, and broken. \"He...he did this to me...\" he wheezed. She couldn't but feel thankful towards Brian now. Yes, she was glad her ex was in the hospital, hopefully dying. \"Thank you,\" she whispered. \"Your welcome.\" She didn't even turn around to see if it was him or not. She sprang up from the couch to run but found herself being hurled against the wall next to the television, and was face to face with a very unhappy Brian. \"Long time, no see,\" he said, pinning her arms to her sides. At least he wasn't holding a gun to her head. He wasn't glaring, either. \"LET GO OF ME!\" she shouted, struggling uselessly. \"I thought I told you not to tell anyone I was alive,\" he said calmly, yanking her by the arms away from the wall and shoving her onto the couch. He leaned down so he was eye level with her. \"You did ,\" Theresa said. Brian opened his mouth, but the television caught his attention. The camera had zoomed in on the police digging up his grave, with her crying and being dragged away as the media watched in fascination. \"It is apparent that this woman is greatly upset by this recent discovery,\" the female reporter said. Theresa felt her stomach drop to her feet. Oh God. Gamble had just seen her cry...no, have a break down...on public television. \"Research has confirmed that this woman is none other than his best friend, Theresa Paile, sister to Thelma Paile, owner of...\" Brian turned back to Theresa, who had scooted away from him as far away as possible. He slowly sat down on the couch next to her, his gaze intense. \"Therese?\" he asked in a low voice. \"Uh...\" \"Did I just see you...\" \"Go ahead. Rub it in my face!\" she glared at him. He looked at her with disbelief written on his face. \"Rub it in? I wouldn't do that! Well...not to you, anyway. To Street, maybe, but not you.\" \"Uh...so are you going to kill me now?\" \"No.\" \"But you said—\" \"Changed my mind.\" She didn't nod. She didn't say anything. \"You're not you're usual self.\" \"You know, because there's an ex-cop in my living room who's supposed to be in a cell for life rotting away.\" His eyebrows shot up. \"I thought you didn't care.\" \"About what?\" \"About me .\" \"I don't.\" A lie. A total lie. \"Then why are you crying?\" \"I'm not!\" \"Oh, sure,\" he said, and to prove himself right, he put a finger to her cheek and took it away so she could see one tear on his finger. Her eyes widened. She hadn't even been aware that her eyes had been stinging with tears since she woke up. \"Get out!\" \"Not yet. I need that entrance code.\" \"Whoops. Never got it.\" He sighed, ran a hand through his very short hair, and stood up. Grabbing her arm, he began dragging Theresa towards the front door. She didn't struggle; she just dragged her feet a bit. \"Come on,\" he sighed. \"You're coming with me. I kind of wish you'd just listened to me in the first place.\" \"And I kind of wish you weren't here in my house.\" He looked back at her with a smirk. \"You still like me.\" \"I do not love you!\" \"I never said you did.\" She glared. \"Yeah, you still like me,\" he confirmed as he shut the door behind her, locking it with a spare key that she had never seen before. \"Where did you...?\" \"I had it made four years back. Came in handy when picking the lock got old.\" She shook her head, remembering the nights when she'd taken sleeping pills and had fallen into a drug-induced slumber on the couch, not able to come to the door to let Brian in. \"Come on,\" he said, pulling her towards a black sedan. \"You get to ride shotgun.\" A/N: APOLOGIES, good people, for the MEGA SHORT CHAPTER. but i want it to be a mystery on what happens next! please review! thanx for reading :)[Chapter 6] A/N: No, I dont enjoy doing this to you (you know who you are! hahaha!). to be honest, i like shorter chapters because i can plan ahead more easily what will happen instead of having a 5000 word thing and then want to change something. its just much easier to do it this way. And then you dont have to wait a week for me to update :D Review (pretty please), read, and ENJOY, good people! \"Where are we going?\" Theresa asked as soon as he'd made sure she was securely in her seat and her door was locked, and they were driving. \"To the station,\" he replied, glancing at me. \"Since you forgot to get the entrance code to the armory.\" \"I did not forget ,\" she said, \"I just never got it. I was upset. I wasn't thinking about me dying; I was thinking about you.\" \"You do like me,\" he said smugly, turning a corner. Theresa glared at him, looking at him closely. He was wearing all black. What perked her interest was the handcuffs and the gun. He caught her looking and said, \"try anything, Therese, and I will cuff you.\" She rolled her eyes, but she didn't miss the teasing note in his voice. \"Do not,\" she muttered. \"Do, too,\" he said, catching on. \"Do not,\" she said a little louder. \"Do too!\" he said, stopping in front of the station finally. \"I do not —\" he grabbed her arm and yanked her towards him so she was only a few inches away from him. She was momentarily caught in his blue eyes, and felt a blush climbing her cheeks. \"Oh yes you do,\" he smirked, letting her go. He got out of the car. She unbuckled herself as he came around and opened her door, taking her other arm and began dragging her towards the building. \"Stop dragging your feet,\" he told her. She was doing it on purpose. She gave him a look of defiance which earned her a frown. \"Therese.\" She stopped completely and found herself gazing up into those handsome eyes... \"You like me. Stop denying it.\" She snapped out of her daze and struggled to get free of his hold. \"Unhand me, you idiot! I can walk all by my merry self, thank you!\" His eyes widened and his smirk grew. \" Unhand you? Since when did you go medieval on me?\" he laughed, shaking his head, but he didn't let go. The armory was only a few yards away. It had a garage door and a back door that was accessable through the main building. She'd only been in there a few times, but when she had, she had been warned not to touch anything . They were in front of the key pad. She bit her lip nervously. Hondo would have her head on a stick if she gave him the code, and he would give the rest of her to the team to bury the body. Suddenly, she didn't care anymore. She just didn't care. \"Four, seven, nine, seven, eight, one, three,\" she said slowly as he punched in the numbers. \"Oh, so now you like me even more ?\" \"Don't push your luck,\" she said, taking a step forward. He grabbed her arm, smirking. \"No way am I letting you in there, Paile. You could blow my head off without a second thought.\" \"Then I'll just run away if you leave me out here,\" she scowled, folding her arms tightly over her chest. He shook his head, his smirk fading. \"Can't have that,\" he muttered, not letting go. He sighed and then dragged her towards the door, which was still slowly opening. His patience wearing thin, he ducked under it, pulling her with him. \"Why do you need to be in here?\" she asked as he switched on the light and quickly began searching the endless rows of weapons. His eyes fell on a rocket launcher, and he grinned. Still not letting go of her, he went over to it and expected it closely. \"The thing still works,\" he said under his breath. Noticing her slight struggle, he released her. \"Run, and I will cuff you.\" She rolled her eyes and turned half way around before her eyes fell on a hunting knife. Without even thinking she grabbed it and tried to stab Brian, because she was very pissed off and was in no mood to be watched over like a destructive child. He dodged this easily, grabbed her arm, and twisted it around her back, making her drop to her knees at the sudden pain in her shoulder. \"Screw you,\" she spat when she felt his glare in the back of her head. \"Keep your hands to your sides,\" he growled. \"Like you ever did that in school.\" She remembered him telling her funny stories about always getting detentions. Before him, no in elementary had ever received a detention. Since he had gotten out of elementary, no one had. He laughed in her ear, but didn't let her go. \"You haven't asked me what I'm planning to do.\" \"It's so obvious that you're going to just dig yourself another grave and pop back in and stay there this time,\" she snapped, feeling guilty as these words left her mouth. He couldn't see her face. She suddenly wanted to take it back, but what was said was said. His grip on her arm tightened and he pushed it higher, making a small whimper come out of her mouth. If her hands were free, she would have slapped them over her face. She had learned long ago never to let people know you were in pain. He was getting close to dislocating her shoulder. \"Brian,\" she pleaded finally, \"let me go. I'm...I'm sorry, okay?\" He seemed momentarily taken aback by this. \"Did you just apologize to me, Therese? Did I really just hear the words 'I'm Sorry' come out of that pretty mouth of yours?\" She sighed. She rarely ever apologized out loud. Saying those two words meant that she was really, really sorry about whatever she'd done or said. \"Don't flatter yourself,\" she muttered under her breath. He shook his head. She knew he was smirking. He released her finally, taking a tiny step away as she stood up straight. She looked at the floor, uncomfortable now. \"I know you didn't mean it,\" he said gently, taking her hand and leading her over to the rocket launcher again. \"Now, are you going to ask me what I plan to do?\" She shrugged. \"Don't you have to kill me if you tell me? Because, like, I know what you're about to do and I can stop you?\" He laughed again, letting go of her and picking up the giant thing, resting it on his shoulder. \"I plan to make something explode. And, no, I don't have to kill you because you could have shouted to your neighbors for help when I dragged you out of your house.\" She sighed again. \"You're not going to kill them, are you?\" she asked suddenly. He gave her this look of pure bitterness, and she had to restrain herself from taking a step back. He just scowled and began walking towards the car, when she heard a sudden, \"PUT THE ROCKET LAUNCHER DOWN, GET ON YOUR KNEES, AND LET THERESA GO!\" She turned around and saw Hondo and Deke in SWAT gear, their guns raised and ready to fire. \"DON'T SHOOT HIM!\" Theresa shouted, stepping towards him in an attempt to shield him. She knew she must have lost it if she was protecting him now. A strong hand grabbed her right arm and yanked her back so she fell on her backside. She looked up to see Jimmy and Chris, also geared up, pointing their guns at Brian. \"Aw, you do like me!\" Brian laughed, pointing a finger in her direction. \"You would die for me? And you said you didn't love me!\" \"I don't,\" she said, \"but you just happen to drive me insane, and I have to be crazy for still caring about you!\" \"Put the bazooka down,\" Deke shouted, \"and we won't shoot you.\" Brian looked like he wanted to get shot, but when he caught his old friend's eyes he nodded slowly and put it down. To all of their surprise, he got down on his knees and put his hands behind his head. Hondo made his move, jumping him and cuffing him quickly. Chris was helping her to her feet. \"You okay?\" she asked gently. This must have been planned, Theresa guessed. They must have expected him to come after her. \"We're putting him in interrogation,\" Hondo said to the trembling woman. \"You're welcome to come and watch, and even talk.\" She could only lock eyes with Brian as he was dragged away from her. He knew she'd had nothing to do with his capture. He knew that she would never, ever do this to him. He could see it in her eyes. Somewhere in her heart, she hoped he'd escape somehow. She knew this was wrong and he should be in jail. But she cared for him, and she liked him as a free man. Theresa knew this was only the beginning. A part of his plan? A/N: there you go! please review and stuff, thanks so much for reading! :)[Chapter 7] A/N: ok. so. I have a plan for Brian. :) hahahaha ...and Theresa! I feel like I waited too long to update this. Brian sat in the interrogation room, staring right through the mirror and knew he was looking straight at Theresa herself. He knew exactly where she was standing with her nose pressed up against the glass. It made him smile lightly. But then it faded: Theresa had stepped in front of him when that guy Hondo had been about to shoot him. She wouldn't have done that if she had known Jimmy's team was coming, and she wouldn't have done that if she had truly wished him six feet under. And Theresa knew he knew that she was there, waiting for Hondo to go in and say something. Jimmy stepped forward. \"I'll talk to him first,\" he offered. Theresa didn't pay any attention to him. All of that was focused on Brian, who looked eerily relaxed. What did he have up his sleeve? Jimmy went in and sat down across from him. Gamble just slouched in his seat, glaring at his former friend and partner. \"You got yourself got. Getting sloppy?\" Jimmy asked. Gamble merely shook his head. \"So, did you have fun kidnapping Theresa?\" he asked. \"Yeah, actually, it was loads of fun. How about you ask her about it?\" he knew they'd already gotten all the info she'd been willing to give. He wondered if she'd told them she's willingly punched in the code to the armory. He almost smirked. Almost. It was still kind of odd, to have someone care for you after all that'd you'd done in the past to piss everyone else off. But he was lucky. It had been fun to visit her, though. And she hadn't attempted to sever his limbs with a butter knife, so his best guess was that she was very glad that he was alive. \"We did.\" \"And how did that work out for you?\" \"Why do you have to bother her, and nobody else?\" Jimmy sounded annoyed. \"I'm guessing you saw the news today and I'm also guessing that you were at her house when you saw the news.\" Gamble said nothing. He had no intention of killing the woman! They'd been best friends for eight years, after all. They still got along well, despite her reaction that had been broadcasted on public television and that he had made her get involved just because of a single white rose. He didn't feel bad at all; he was out for revenge against Street and his team, but he had not planned on killing Therese. No, he still loved her. Even though they had both screwed up the relationship that had messed their friendship up. \"Why couldn't you just leave her alone?\" No reply. \"Brian?\" Gamble sat up a little and cleared his throat over-dramatically, which would have made his friend behind the glass smile had they had been in any other place without police. \"Because she deserved to know, Jim. I mean, if I'd chosen to blown something, say, your house up, and then you found out it was me, would you have told her?\" \"No.\" Of course he wouldn't. Theresa knew, but the truth stung just a little. \"But Chris would've.\" \"Chris? Is she that chick I shot?\" Jimmy tensed. \"Yeah,\" he said, \"and she'd like nothing better to put a bullet in your brain, but since Theresa still gives a crap about you—and I have no idea why she can still care—we're all being nice.\" Brian snorted. \"Sure.\" Jimmy slammed his hands down on the table, frustrated. \"Brian, did you really have to cause her that much pain?\" Gamble's expression darkened a considerable amount. Theresa silently begged Street to stop talking altogether. Brian hadn't meant to, she knew. It had been both their faults, not just his or hers alone. Well, she had believed him dead, and it had shaken her world to know that he wasn't rotting away, but still. \"Brian,\" Jimmy said slowly, relaxing just a little. \"What were you going to do with her, after you did whatever you were planning to do with that rocket launcher?\" A slow, dark smirk covered Brian's face. Theresa had rarely seen that smirk on his face. It usually meant that he'd had something in mind... she was suddenly worried. \"Get him out of there,\" she said, turning to Deke, who had glared through the glass at the two men seated at the metal table. He looked at her, questioning silently. \"None of your buisness.\" He glanced at where Theresa was standing, and she blushed involuntarily. He was giving her that look, the one where he was saying something really embarrassing with his eyes and not his lips. He somehow knew of her reaction and shook his head, amused. \"Really? Since she's a dear friend to us all, it is our buisness.\" Brian sighed, rolling his eyes. \"Whatever, Jim.\" his eyes flicked over to Theresa again, but there was something else in his eyes. Oh, crap. Theresa turned to Deke, the words flying out of her mouth before she could think about what she was going to say. \"It's not safe for Jimmy, get him out of there—\" BOOM! It was too late. Theresa was knocked back by a sudden force and fell to the floor as her ears rang for a few long seconds. A pain in her arm grabbed her attention. She gasped when she was a piece of the one-way mirror lodged into her forearm. She held back a scream, scrambling to her feet. Deke was nowhere in sight. She whirled around to find a gaping hole in the wall, leading outside. She could hear men shouting, and somehow, she could hear Street screaming curses. Had he been hurt? She stuck her head through the broken window, clutching her wounded arm. It hurt like hell, but she felt numbed when Jimmy was visible among the cement. \"Go!\" he said as she made her way towards him through the window, only succeeding in injuring herself more as she knelt beside him, lifting chunks of debris from his body, helping him up. He had a slight limp as he moved towards the hole. \"Go get Brian!\" She did as she was told, running as fast as she could and found herself in the middle of the parking lot, alone. She spotted a huge black SUV speeding away with only one window rolled down, with a bazooka strapped to the roof of the vehicle. Brian was staring out at her, a dark look on his face, but it twisted when he smiled and waved as she began choking on smoke from whatever had blown a hole in the wall of the interrogation room. Theresa began to feel dizzy as she looked down at her arm to see it drenched, knowing full well what was going to happen in the next few hours. One: Brian was going to blow something up. Two: she was going to hear about him on the news. And, Three: he was going to see her again. It was doubtful after what had happened, but she just knew that she was going to see him again, maybe at home, maybe in the hospital to get stitches... Her world faded into darkness as she tumbled towards the ground, the blood loss finally getting to her. A/N: Aren't I a gunis? ahahaha NO. XD Please review![Chapter 8] A/N: Sorry I took so long to update! Please review :D Theresa had gone home, after she had been stitched up, of course. A good part of the station had been blown up. No one had gotten seriously injured or killed, thankfully. She sat on the couch with Thelma, Chris sitting on the arm, Deke in the kitchen, Jimmy on the stairs, and Hondo standing behind them the television on. They were waiting for Brian to make his move. And it came on the local news. \"Just in!\" the reporter said, and Theresa was on the edge of her cushion, eyes ready to see Brian. Alive . Free . Not in a cell. Chris put a hand on her shoulder. The camera switched to a scene with burning buildings, mostly warehouses that were used for storage, most of them blown up. I gaped. No wonder he'd needed a rocket launcher for this. And there he was, zooming away in his car, flipping off the camera as he disappeared. \"Presumed dead ex-cop Brian Gamble is on the run from the police. After kidnapping of Theresa Paile, and his arrest, he broke out of custody, injuring many of his comrades.\" Theresa wanted to snort. Comrades? Not a chance. Brian didn't view cops as his brothers anymore; he was bitter towards everyone, L.A cops especially. The reporter went on, \"after rescuing Paile, Fuller has made a statement claiming that Paile is in danger, and that she must be protected.\" Again, she wanted to scoff. The telephone rang upstairs. She hurriedly jumped up, ran past a pissed off Jimmy, and went into her room, picking up the phone. \"Hello?\" she asked quietly. \"Therese.\" Her heart skipped a beat. \"Brian! I just saw you on the news!\" \"Impressed?\" she heard the smirk in his voice and almost cried at the sound of it. \"You idiot!\" she hissed, now whispering into the phone. \"I'm going to have cops at my house 24/7 because of you!\" \"Yeah, Fuller is so full of sh—\" \"Language,\" she hissed again. \"Yeah, I know he is, but lucky for him, I don't feel like getting kidnapped again!\" \"You could always come willingly. I mean, it'd be nice to kiss you and all.\" Her face turned scarlet. He laughed at her silence. \"Really? That still works on you?\" \"Good observation, detective,\" she snapped, \"care to make another?\" \"You said that the first night we met.\" \"So?\" \" I missed hearing your voice...after you left.\" Therese felt tears coming to her eyes. But she didn't cry. No, she refused to. \"Well, you're hearing it now,\" she grumbled. \"Why the pouting voice?\" he asked lightly. \"Well, if I get caught talking to you, you'll get me in trouble.\" \" No, you won't, just blame it on me.\" \"Already have!\" He laughed, long and hard at this. \"I'll see you soon, Therese. Oh, I have one thing before I go.\" \"What?\" she wondered. \"Why were you willing to risk your life openly for me, back there? He could have shot you.\" His voice was serious now. She bit her lip. \"I...uh...\" \"You still like me.\" \"Do not!\" \"Do too! Denial is a sign that you're lying!\" \"No, it means I do not like you?\" \"Then why did you step in front of me?\" \"Because if anyone ought to kill you, it ought to be me who does the killing!\" \"That will never happen!\" \"Exactly.\" A hand flew to her mouth after that last word came out. She had just admitted to herself...and to him...that she still cared for him. He'd won this one. Oh, goody. She felt his smugness through the phone and glared at the wall. \"Oh, yes you do.\" There was a short pause, and then his voice grew soft with a promise. \"See you soon, Therese. And I'll promise you I'll get you so drunk you'll wake up with the worst hangover you've ever had and ever will have. We'll spend the entire night laughing. Got it?\" she nodded, and he seemed to understand her silence. With that, he left. She hung up slowly, blushing madly. Somehow, she knew she was looking forward to it. The strangest thing of all was, though, she'd admitted that she cared. Was this a good sign, or did it just prove that the lines between justice and criminal were getting blurry? Or maybe, she just didn't care anymore? A/N: REVIEW! :) thankssss for reading! sorry its so short will update again soon![Chapter 9] A/N: Thanks again for everything, especially for sticking with my mega-short chapters. Theresa returned to the living room. When Hondo sent her a questioning look, she merely said, \"wrong number\" and the matter was dismissed completely. Her eyes fell on the television. On it, was Brian, grinning. Apparently, he had just sent a video in to the press. \"Hello there,\" he said, a bitter note audible in his voice. \"I have an announcement to make. Hey, there, Therese, I know you're watching. Street, you too.\" Her blood ran cold. This was one of the reasons why she had been glad she had broken up with him. Bitterness didn't improve relationships. His would have destroyed theres if he had quit any sooner. \"I'm going to say this once, and only once: bring me one hundred million dollars by tomorrow night, and I promise I won't blow up half the city.\" Theresa's jaw dropped. Was he serious? A/N: Yeah, I know... IT WILL GET BETTER I PROMISE! Thanks for reading, please leave a thought or two :)[Chapter 10] A/N: Thank you for reading this! \"What should we do?\" Theresa asked the SWAT officers in her living room. \"Pay him?\" \"Fake money,\" Thelma suggested suddenly, her eyes narrowed with disapproval towards Brian's actions. \"No! We shoot him!\" Deke said, giving Thelma this You-Ought-To-Know look, which she returned with a glare. \"How about we try to bring him in?\" Jimmy suggested. Chris nodded, glancing at Theresa, who was staring off into space. She tapped her on the shoulder. \"Hey, you okay?\" Theresa nodded slowly. \"I can't believe he's being this stupid.\" Thelma giggled. \"He threatened to blow up the city, and all you've got to say is that he's stupid?\" \"Well he is!\" Hondo looked at her strangely. \"Earlier. Why'd you step in front of him? If you would have just stepped away I could have just shot him and we wouldn't be in this.\" \"I don't hate his guts,\" Theresa muttered. \"Despite how much easier things would be if I did.\" \"We could use you as bait,\" Hondo said, his eyes narrowing as her eyes did the same. \"Why me?\" \"Because he still likes you.\" \"Thanks for pointing that out,\" she said, glancing out the window, wondering what had gotten into her ex's head. Was he serious? She doubted he wasn't, because why would he scare so many people and then just lie about it? He had stolen a rocket launcher, she reminded herself. Oh, great. \"Who else will we use?\" Jimmy asked, grinning at her scowl. \"You,\" she snapped. \"Come on, you know you want to see him again,\" Chris smirked as Theresa's scowl grew scary. \"I do not!\" she protested. She looked to her sister for help. Thelma merely shrugged. \"Just do it,\" she said, sighing heavily, \"besides, he'll only want to talk to you.\" Hondo cleared his throat just as Therese was about to protest again. \"Now we need a plan. Who's got an idea?\" A/N: please review :) thanks again for taking the time out of your day to read![Chapter 11] A/N: i know its been forever since you saw something new from this. So here. Honestly I dont know where to go with this so... this is probably the end. Just cuz. Theresa stood outside her house, a SWAT team spread out all around, out in the open. For Brian to see. She pulled out her cell phone and called Brian, her sister standing next to her. It was about noon, and they planned to bring him in alive. \"Therese?\" Brian asked over the phone. \"Why are their guys with guns all over your lawn?\" \"Turn yourself in,\" she sighed sadly, running a hand through her unwashed hair. \"Please.\" \"You're joking.\" \"I'm not laughing, Brian! I don't want you getting shot again! I don't want you being hunted all the time! Can you please just come here and let them arrest you? You're welcome to pull a disappearing act in prison, but please!\" \"Why are you...?\" \"Because I'm sick of this, Brian! I just don't want your grave to be filled!\" \"Wow, thought you didn't care.\" \"Well, I happen to, so please get your ass out here! Now!\" \"Therese...\" \"Brian!\" Tears were streaming from her eyes. The police hadn't told her what to say: she'd decided to do this herself. \"Therese.\" She whirled around to see Brian standing in front of her, grinning, his hands behind his head. She gasped as officers tackled him to the ground, handcuffed him. People began to shout and scream and cheer, but she knelt and smiled at him. \"I owe you,\" she said. \"You do,\" he told her, still grinning. \"I'll be seeing you about that when I get out of jail.\" A/N: Thank you for spending the time to read this! Sorry if you hate me for ending it... ehhh thats what happens when you lose interest in a story after waiting more than a week to update :) Thanks again! ","Summary":" DISCLAIMER DISCLAIMER DISCLAIMER, yup, you know the rest XD A/N: I hope you like it! i felt the nee"},{"Movie":"Lords of Dogtown","Title":"Foster Girl","Author":"Wasting words","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4147644","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer;nI own nothing. Except Sabree, and the whole foster home. I don'tnknow a lot about skateboarding, I'm just a fan of Lords of Dogtown.nIf you don't like my story, don't read it. Don't comment me tonbitch about how bad a writer I am. I don't care. Mmkay? \"Mr. Jones? Thisnis Paula Walker from the foster home. It looks like we've found younand your wife a foster child. Mhm, yes. We'll bring her by as soonnas possible.\" Click. I watch asnPaula hangs up the phone and then makes her way over to me. Bet she'snrelieved to get rid of me. . .again. \"Well, Ms. Thomas,nit looks like we've found you yet another a foster home. Startnpacking, Sean will be here soon to take you to meet the Jones'nfamily. So, do hurry. I look up at her.nDid I care? Not really. She knows I don't care. She knew I neverncared, so why did she even bother telling me? She passes me smile. Insimply roll my eyes and blow her off, as per my usual routine. I think I'm toonharsh on Paula sometimes. Most of the time, it does seem like shenreally cares about my well-being. But, then again, she does own a foster home. . . \"C'mon, yanlittle punk, I ain't got all day!\" Sean swears loudly at me and Intake my sweet ass time to wander over to the car. It's when he'snin a pissy mood like this that makes me appreciate being taken awaynfrom my drunk of a father, and his slut of a girlfriend. \"Andnthis time, don't do anything to fuck it up. Frankly, I'm tired ofnhaving to do this over and over again, six fucking times a month. So,njust stop doing your drugs and keep your skinny ass out of trouble.\" I can't say Inblame Sean for the way he acts towards me. I even get sick of the waynI act sometimes, so that's saying something. But, I certainly don'tngo in and out of foster care six times a month! Three times at thenmost, but it's not my fault the families they send me to don'tngive a rats ass about me. He pops the trunk. Intoss my bags, skateboard into the back, hop into the passengers seat,nand settle in for the ride. About 20 minutesnlater, we arrive at a house. An actual house. Not an apartment, butninstead a large estate. 'Great.' I think, rolling my eyes. Thisnwasn't exactly what I had in mind. Sean pulls my stuff out of thentrunk of the car, then yanks me out. He puts on his 'happy' facenas he escorts me to the cloud white front door of the house andnknocks on the door. A middle aged couplenanswers the door. The male looks in his late 40's, with curly brownnhair, graying in some areas. The woman is maybe in her mid 30's,nwith bleach blonde hair. It has to be dye. I know this because Karen,nmy dad's girlfriend, buys the exact same shit. They smile at me,nand a boy around my age sneaks up behind them, quietly trying tonsneak a peek into what's going on. \"You must be fromnthe foster home. Please, do come in.\" The woman says with a large,nflashy smile while opening the door to us. I look at Sean. I can tellnhis more than thrilled to come in. I know Sean. And allnSean wants to do is leave me here so he'll never have to put upnwith any of my shit again. \"Well, as younknow, my name is Mia and this is my husband, Larry,\" she says tonme, but then she points to her teenage son, \"And, this is my son,nTyler. I'm sorry, dear, it seems Mrs. Walker never told me yournname?\" she asks me, and brushes a strand of my platinum blonde hairnout of my face, so her green eyes come in contact with my steel graynones. I sigh, looking atnSean in a pleading manner. 'Please, don't tell me I have to stay here .' I think, but Sean just gives me a smirk and silentlynlaughs at me like the jackass he is. I look around one more time.n\"Sabree.\" \"Beg pardon?\"nMia asks. I clear my throat,n\"Sabree. My name is Sabree.\" She nods, and smilesnat me. \"Well, Sabree, I think that you'll find it veryncomfortable at our house. Tyler, be a dear and show her to her room.\" Tyler rolls hisneyes, and grabs my stuff, \"C'mon.\" he mutters. I shrug, and follow.nHe opens the door to my room. It's huge. A queen sized bed, a hugenwindow, and a fairly sized closet. \"Shit.\" Inmutter, plopping down on the bed to take it all in. This is maybenfive times the size of my room when I lived with my dad. I look overnat Tyler, who takes a seat on the edge of my bed. \"So, foster girl,\"nhe begins, watching me as I unpack my stuff, \"why are you anfoster girl?\" I stop, and look atnhim inquisitively, \"Didn't your parents' fill you on this?\" Inask. Tyler shakes his head, and a few strands of chestnut colorednlocks fall in the way of his piercing green eyes, defiantly inheritednfrom his mother. \"Nah, they kept menin the dark about this whole thing.\" I shrug, settingndown a pair of messily folded pants. \"They took me away 'cause mynold man's a drunk and he's abusive.\" An awkward silencenfilled the room, and Tyler takes a sudden interest in the ground. Henlooked like he had regret asking. He changes the subject after hengets a glance at my board, \"You skate?\" \"I might.\" He smirks, and rollsnhis eyes, \"Come with me. You new to Dogtown? I'm baffled.nDogtown? I'm assuming he means Venice, at least the ghetto, wherenwe live now. I nod instead of asking questions. \"Well, Mom and Dadnare gunna make me show you around eventually, so I'll get it overnwith now. C'mon, foster girl.\" \"Foster girl?nCute, but I prefer Sabree.\" I bark, pulling an aged black hoodienover my head. I've had this thing for so long, I think that if Inwashed it, it might very well dissinagrate in the washing machine. \"Whatever, justngrab your board and let's go.\" \"Dude, Ty, who'snthe chick?\" I glance over at a Mexican boy with frizzy gold hairnwho proposed the question. \"Member how I toldnyou 'bout that foster kid my parents were taking' in?\" he said,nforcing me into a spin, as if to show me off, like I was some grandnprize for a skateboard competition or something. Then he gives me anshove forward, \"Foster girl herself. Foster girl, this is Tony.nTony, this is foster girl.\" He has listeningnissues, doesn't he? I think. \"Sabree, my namenis Sabree. Not foster girl.\" \"F-foster?\" Thenyoungest boy of the group asks, his large brown eyes sparkling withncuriosity. \"Foster, as in thenplace they took her out of wasn't good enough for her.\" The thirdnboy snorted, picking something out of his teeth. \"Bet she can'tnskate for shit.\" The final, andntallest, of the boys rolls his eyes, and hooks a strand of long,nblonde hair behind his ear, \"Nice, Jay. Real nice. I'm Stacy.nThat jackass over there is Jay, and that's Sid.\" He says, andnextends his hand out for a friendly hand shake. I look at his hand,nthen back up at him. He seems decent enough. I forgo my less thannpleasant persona, and put on a sincere smile, before taking thisnStacy boy's hand. \"Sabree,\" I state, then move over to Jay,ngetting as close to his face as humanly possible, \"And I couldntrash your blonde ass any day.\" Jay scoffed, \"Yeah,nI'd like to see that.\" Again, I see Stacynroll his eyes. A long, awkward pause lingers in the air. Sid'snfirst to break the silence, \"So, why did they put you in fosterncare in the first place?\" He asks, sheepishly. Almost as if I'dnflip shit on him right then and there. I shrug, \"Well, myndad likes to drink, smoke pot and beat the shit out of me on almost andaily basis.\" I say, nonchalantly. They all looknstunned. Stunned because I'm just. . .straight foreword about it. \"Hey, ya littlengrommets, its ten bucks to browse.\" I look back, and see a middlenaged man, with a cigarette dangling from his mouth, a vodka bottlenwrapped in his left hand, and sunglasses dangling in the other. \"Yo, Skipper, thisnis Sabree. The foster kid my moms been yappin' about.\" Tylernsays, forcing me around yet again. \"Ahoy there,nSabree.\" He slurs, and his gaze lands on my board. He takes a longndrag of his cigarette, \"So you skate, huh?\" I nod and tap mynskateboard with my fingernails, \"Look's like it.\" \"Sabree, come on,nwe gotta bail. Mom gets tweaked if we're late for dinner.\"[Chapter 2] AuthorsnNote: Otay, in regards to my first review, I'd like to say thatneverything is as it was in the first version. Just typos we'renfixed and a few parts where re-worded to flow better. Other thannthat, nothing has changed. Not the characters, plots, chapters,ncouples, etc. Everything is the same. No unexpected plot changesnhere. : \"Sabree? Sabree,nhoney, wake up.\" I groan at the soundnof the all too perky voice echoing throughout my room. It was Mia. Inwasn't sure about the time, but it was defiantly too early for hernto be so. . . perky. You'd think I'd be used to her perkinessnafter two weeks. Well, think again. I hear the blindsnopen. My eyes peek open a bit, but the harsh rays of the Californiansun flood into them, and they snap back shut. \"Fuck. What time isnit?\" \"Watch yournlanguage, young lady, and its' 9:30. Get up and dressed, Josephinenwill be in shortly to watch your bedding.\" \"Josephine?\" Inask. I was never introduced to a Josephine. \"Our maid. She wasnvisiting some family back in Mexico when you came. She's quietnlovely. Anywho, hop to it, dearest, Josephine will be done withnbreakfast any minute now.\" With that, I watch the tiny blonde womannleave my room, closing my door quietly on her way out. I crash backnon my bed to make light conversation with the ceiling for a minute orntwo, before I roll myself out of bed. I yawn and stretchnbefore walking to my dresser to pull out an outfit for today. A pairnof frayed jeans and a simple black tank top. On top of that, I thrownon my hoodie. I've grown quite accustom to it, even in the hottestnof California weather. I throw my hair intona quick, and I do mean quick, sloppily pieced bun, throw on mynConverse, and head down stairs. Immediately, I feel 8 pairs of eyesnon me all at once. 6 of those eyes felt hauntingly comforting to me,nbut the last pair was new. Mia finishes up herneggs as quickly as a lady like herself could, and sets her fork down,n\"Oh, honey, you're not wearing that arenyou? It looks as if you may need a whole new wardrobe. Don't worry.nI'll take you shopping tonight. Oh, yes, Josephine, this is Sabree,nthe child we're taking in. Sabree, this is our maid, Josephine.\" Josephine and Inexchange questionable glances. No 'Hi, nice to meet you', ornanything. That was okay with me. Tyler slams his glass down tonsignify he's finished. That caused all the unwanted attention tonshift from me to him. \"Um, I'm goingnto go show Sabree around town some more.\" He said, slicking backnhis silky chestnut hair with his hand. It stays put for a few secondsnbut falls back to curtain his eyes again. Larry nods,n\"Alright, son. Just be back before dinner, and stay away from anyntrouble, ya hear, boy?\" \"Gotcha, Pop.nC'mon foster girl, let's go.\" Again, the urge tonpunch him comes flooding back, as I hiss out my name once more. I'mnaware that I'm a foster kid, and that's all fine and dandy, but Indon't need to be reminded of it every day. \"Tyler! Fosterngirl! It's 'bout time your dirty asses got here!\" Tony laughed,ngiving Tyler an almost playful shove. I roll my eyes, and allow ansigh to pass through my lips as Tyler and Tony get into a small, yetnfriendly, brawl. We're at a pool. Apparently Tony hadna little routine. He'd go off, do whatever with these girls and getnthe keys to their house as a thank you. I see Stacynapproach, \"Nice, T.A. She has a name, and I'm sure she'd likento be called by it.\" He then turns to me, smiling pleasantly, asnStacy Peralta does. \"Hey, Sabree. \" \"Thank you!nFinally, someone with a little common sense.\" I rejoice, smilingntriumphantly. I could get used to Stacy. The last to join the groupnare Sid, and Jay. Ugh. I hate him already. Sid greets me with ansmile. Sid seems to be the youngest of the group. He just has thisninnocent air about him. Hell, it's just so damn cute! He tries sonhard to fit in but the boys don't mind. In fact, they look afternhim. Even Jay. Obnoxious, loud, careless, stupid, rude Jay Adams,ntreats Sid like his own child. Jay, of course,ndoesn't greet me at all. Instead he goes straight to challengingnme. \"You said you could trash my ass,\" he spits, \"Prove it.\"nHe says and gives me a typical Jay look. I make eye contactnwith him, accepting his challenge. Was Jay Adams supposed tonintimidate me? Was I supposed to realize my place as a woman and letnhim go on with his egotistical ways? I think not. He's got anothernthing coming to him if that's what he thinks. \"Haha, hey Jaynboy, Sabree seems serious about this. Try not and get your assnkicked!\" T.A laughed his trademark 'ha ha' laugh. Jay snorts, \"Fucknyou, Alva. The only one getting her ass kicked around her is Fosterngirl.\" He says, then hops out of the pool. He keeps glancing backnat me, with a smirk painted on that impish face of his as he getsnready to drop in. And up he does, pulling out every trick he knowsnwith in five seconds. He comes down, ansmirk still stuck on that overly cocky face of his. Stacy, T.A, Tylernand Sid all applaud him. My turn. Instead of usingnJay's tactics and plunging straight into my bag of tricks, I skatenaround the pool a few times to build up my speed. Into the air I go.nI could land this trick easily, but there's a feeling nagging atnme. I go back in time tonhear my parents fighting. My dad's drunken yelling, my moms cryingnand screaming. Out of all the times to flashback, why now? Itnfrightens me for some reason and I bail out. I land with a loudnthud, my skateboard not far behind me. Why couldn't I have landednthat trick? I lay there for a moment, contemplating my next movement.nDo I get up and let Jay brag about how he beat me, or just let himncome to me? The left side of my body, the side I landed on, burnsnlike hell. Ow, my body screamsnas I roll over to my good side. \"Dude, is shenokay?\" I hear Stacy speak up and the foursome comes rushing to mynside, as if I had died or something. \"Sabree?\" Tylernasks, and runs to face me. \"Dude, Sabree, you okay? You bailed atnthe last second. You ate it pretty hard.\" \"Thanks Ty, but Indon't need a play by play. I know what happened, I was there.\" Insnap, and sit up, watching as Stacy kneels down beside me. I'm anbit confused by his actions, but force a smile nonetheless. \"Um,nhi?\" I say and Stacy's eyes meet mine. \"You took a prettynnasty spill, there has to be some form of an injury. Are you surenyour okay?\" He says and I roll my eyes. Stacy Peralta, a nurse? Hm,nodd. Yet, I'm grateful for his concern. I guess that's just thenkind of guy Stacy is. I shrug. I pull up my shirtnand my hoodie to look at the raw, torn flesh decorating my hip bone.nA little blood here and there, but I'm used to seeing blood comenfrom my body. As well as the whole torn flesh. Beatings from Dadnalways leave a lasting impression. I laugh a little bit, \"Fuck, itnstings.\" Stacy laughs a bitnhimself and stands up. He offers a hand to help me up. I shake mynhead, but I take it. I'll admit, I wasn't used to people fussingnover me like this. Or at least treating me like a decent personninstead of some messed up foster girl. Jay struts up to me,nagain giving me that classic 'I'm Jay, and I'm better than you'nattitude. \"Nice job of trashing me,\" he snorts, \"told you guysnshe couldn't skate for shit.\" I roll my eyes, andnopen my mouth, ready to start an insult war he's been asking fornsince the minute I met him. \"Cops. Shit dude,nlet's bail.\" Tony yells, then hauls ass out of the pool, Sid andnJay following right behind him. \"Finally.\" Inwhisper to myself. It's been ages since I've been chased by pigs.nI've missed that rush. Without another minute to spare, I grab mynbored, and hop the fence, the most obvious way out. I notice I'mnalone and I shake my head. I hear sirensnapproach, and I dive into the nearest bush then begin to rearrangenthe branches and leaves so I can properly see Stacy, Jay, Tony, Sid,nand Tyler race to a safe spot. I laugh silently. Poor boys. I sigh and plop downnon my bed. Shopping with Mia is exhausting. I return home with aboutnsix new outfits. Two of which looking like school girl outfits. Inhate all the clothes Mia picked out for me. Outfits for a 'propernyoung lady' as she puts it. I don't care about being proper, whyndoesn't she understand that? \"Miss Sabree? It'sntime for dinner.\" Josephine peeks her head into my room to tell me.nI nod and stuff the shopping bags under my bed, where they willnhopefully never see the light of day again, then head downstairs. \"So Sabree,\"nLarry says, looking at me, \"how do you like Santa Monica so far?nWhat did you and Tyler do today?\" I shrug, picking atnmy food. \"It's okay. I like it better than the foster home, atnleast. Tyler and I just went to the beach, nothing too special.\" Mia nods,ncheerfully. Her normally happy expression turns somewhat serious, \"Asnlong as you weren't out with those friends of the Columbino'snson. I don't like them, and I would prefer that you and Tylerndidn't run with that crowd. Especially, that Alva boy. Alwaysnthrowing those wild parties while his fathers away, with drinking andnsmoking. That's just not the right way for kids to live, withnabusive parents, no housekeeper and such.\" I look up at Mia,nquite offended. I finish chewing my food and glare in her direction,n\"You make it seem like they have a choice to live that way. It'snhard for their parents to keep a job, and you don't know theirnsituation.\" I bark. Was she serious? Talking that way when I'mnright here. She knows that I come from the same place. She seems takennaback, and her jaw drops, as she searches for an explanation.n\"S-Sabree, honey, I had no idea. I-I'm sorry.\" I roll my eyes, \"I'mnfull. I'm going to bed for the night.\" I stand up, and run off tonbed. Topnof Form Bottomnof Form[Chapter 3] Tyler'snPOV It's been almostntwo and a half months since my parents took Sabree in. I'll admitnthe kid has grown on me and everyone else. Everyone except Jay, thatnis. A normal person would have been used to Jay's attitude far bynnow, but not Sabree. Oh, no. Even after two months, they're stillnat each others throats. I can't say I blame Sabree though. Jay cannbe an ass at times. If they could have a conversation withoutninsulting each other, they would be best friends. I'd have to saynthat Sabree is defiantly closest to Tony by now. They come from thensame background, I suppose. Tony's dad is abusive, as well, justnnot like Sabree's. She seems to like itnhere, despite the occasional squabble between her and my mother. Overnclothes, they way she talks, how she lives, stuff like that. Theirnlast major fight was about two weeks ago, but they're on speakingnterms again. I think that Sabree is the one that refuses to talknfirst, but you never know with my mom. \"Hey, Ty, where isneveryone?\" I look up at the sound of Sabree's voice. Shenlooks...different somehow. Probably because she just got out of thenshower. Her platinum blonde hair was a shade darker now, tumblingnpast her shoulders in soft waves as if often did when it was wet,ncurling slightly at the ends. A few strands fell in the way of herngray eyes. They were extremely haunting at times, I've decided.nThey match well with her tough personality. Little by little, I'venseen her metal walls deteriorate. I've seen her transform into anhappier person. I've seen sides of her that no one else has seen.nI've seen her cry. Her, Sabree Ann Thomas. She's confessed thingsnto me that know one else has heard. Her plans for the future, hernentire history, as it would seem. I guess that's part of living innthe same house as her. I shrug, watching asnshe yanks on the strings of my basketballnshorts. \"Parents are out for the weekend and you must have ran outnof my mothers cutesy outfits, other wise, you wouldn't be wearingnmy shorts.\" She gives me one ofnher looks and groans at the mention of my mothers shopping trips withnher. \"Ugh. The clothes she buys me, I would like to burn. They justnaren't me. You're mother has a hard time taking 'no' for annanswer, doesn't she?\" I laugh, \"Yeah,nyeah she does. Just keep fighting with her, she'll give inneventually.\" \"Well, since yournparents are out for the weekend, I'm gunna go have some fun.\" Shensays and runs out the front door. Sabree's defintion ofn'fun'usually means trouble. I'll admit-- I am a pretty goodnboy. I run from cops, but I don't smoke or drink or anything.nAccording to Tony, that makes me just as straight edge as Stacy,nwhich isn't necessarily a bad thing. A few hours later Inhave Jay, Stacy, Tony and Sid in my front room. God only knows whatnmonstrosities would occur if my mom actually knew I had the kids shendespised hanging out in my front room. I seriously don't know whatnher deal is. \"Seriously, Sid,njust drain it. You're parents will never know!\" Jay cries, yetnagain trying to persuade Sid to drain his parents' pool whilenthey're out on official \"business\" trips, with my parents. Mynparents and Sid's parents are friend, but it's more of a snobby,nrich type relationship. My parents are aware that Sid is friends withnStacy, Jay, and Tony. Again, that whole disliking the lack of moneynthing comes into play. I laugh and wave mynhand in Jay's face, \"Dude, the last time I checked, Sid isn'tnthe only one with a pool.\" Tony looks up at menand gets a mischievous smirk on his face, \"Haha, that's right!nTyler's a little rich boy, too.\" He comes up to me and sets hisnarm around my shoulders. But in a guy-ish way, not a gay, 'I'mnhitting on you way'. Not that I have anything against gays. \"So, Ty, when arenwe gunna have a gnarly pool session at your place?\" \"Um, how aboutnnever?\" I say, peeling his arm off my shoulders. Tony looksndisappointed, \"Then why bring the idea up if you're just going toncrush my dreams that way?\" I shake my head, andnmutter the words 'drama queen'. I hear the clicking of the doornand jump up with a scared look on my face. My parents? No, they can'tnbe home. It's too early for their \"business\" trip to be over.n\"Shit. Oh, I'm so fucked. Uh...\" I stand there like an idiotnand stutter, looking around. The door flings open and I know thatnminute I'm a dead man standing. My mind races for a reasonablenexcuse. Sabree swaggers innand my jaw drops. I swear, it could have easily torn away from mynface and hit the floor. I shake my head. She smells very strongly ofnocean water and pot. I examine her eyes. I've become quite thenexpert at knowing if my friends were stoned or not. She didn't looknlike she was, but I knew she had been smoking. She's coming down,nmaybe? \"Sabree? Have younbeen smoking?\" I ask just to clarify things. She nods, grins,nthen puts her face right into mine, and blows straight in my face. Inwince as the smell of pot floods my nostrils. That answers mynquestion. \"You snuck out, so you could smoke weed?\" She draws away fromnme to look at me. \"Tyler, do you know how long I've been in thatnfoster home?\" I shake my head.nWhere was she going with this? \"Three years.nThat's three years I've had to go without a joint. I think I muchnmore than deserve to smoke.\" Three years? A girlnher age shouldn't even be smoking. Oh, God. I sound like my mother.n\"Um, you know that if you get caught smoking, they'll send younback right?\" \"Yeah, I know.nThat's why I have no intention of getting caught. You just gottanknow how to play your cards, Ty.\" By now, the wholencrowd forms around me. Jay's holding back laughter, Stacy, I'mnsure, is thinking the same thing I am, Sid is laughing his ass off,nand T.A has this stupid grin on his face. He pushes through us andnslings his arm casually around Sabree's shoulders, and lets theirnheads slowly and gently collide. \"So, Sabree, I'mnhaving this party Wednesday night. And, I don't know what you'venheard about my parties, but. . . Anyways, even before then, if younever wanna just hang out and, you know, 'talk' I'm here for ya,nokay?\" He says, slyly, putting the classic Alva charm on her. Itnobviously doesn't work, because a laugh only rises from Sabree,nwhere as other girls would have melted like butter at that verynmoment. Sabree's POV. I can't believenit. Tony Alva, the one Z-boy I've grown the closest too, wasnstanding here, arm draped around my shoulders, hitting on me. This isnjust ridiculous. In a funny way, of course. I bite my lower lip,nmaking eye contact with him. This must be what his girlfriend keepsnyapping about. \"Tony…\" I say softly. He actually believes thatnI'm falling for his act. I fake the most innocent smile I can, butnthen push him away gently. He looks stunned. Rejection is obviouslynsomething new to this kid. Everyone looks sonstunned at the little stunt I just pulled. Jay, being the ignorantnasshole he is, burst out in laughter, and soon Stacy and Sid erupt,njoining in with Jay. I hear a knock atnthe door, and catch Tyler going to it out of the corner of my eye.n\"Shit. Hide you guys.\" I command, and push them all into anspacious, empty room. I really have no idea what it's for, maybenits' just an extra room. 'Okay, quick Sabree, think…' I thinknto myself. If there was one thing I was good at in life, it wasnavoiding trouble. \"Um, I'm PaulanWalker from the Foster Home. Can I speak to Sabree?\" \"Uh..sure. Hey,nSabe?\" Tyler taps me on the shoulder. \"Some lady from foster carenis here to see you.\" I moan inndispleasure, 'What could she possibly want?' I stalk out of thenboys' hiding place, only to see Paula standing in the door way. Her chocolatencolored hair, streaked with honey blonde, is twisted up into a bun,nand she has her gray suit on. She's too attached to that suit, Indecide. We talk for a bit,nshe questions me about the past two months, I answer flatly. She smiles at me,n\"Well, a quick check up is all I came by for. It sounds like wenmight have found a place for you at last.\" She says, in her 'perky'nvoice and ruffles my hair. I put on a cheesynsmile and watch Paula leave. After she's out of plain sight, I slamnthe door shut. \"Dude that was fuckin' awesome.\" The boys emerge fromnthe kitchen, and stare at me blankly. \"I am half waynfuckin' baked, and she didn't even notice. Shit like that doesn'tnslip past Paula. She didn't even smell the pot on me.\" \"Maybe its'nbecause the ocean scent is just a bit more over powering than the potnsmell,\" Tyler suggests, \"What were youndoing at the beach, anyways? Not an ideal place to get stoned.\" This is the partnI've been waiting to explain, \"Surfing, of course. I must say,nsurfing stoned works a hell of a lot better than surfing drunk.\" Stacy shakes hisnhead. He looks, disappointed, almost. Like he's never seen hisnfriends stoned. Kathy wasn't like me, neither was Blanca, so maybenthis was new to him? \"You don't even have a surfboard. Who werenyou with?\" \"Fuck...what'snhis name? Red Dog, there we go. He was so shit faced, it was great.\" \"Alright, Tyler.nYour little friends gotta go. There's only so much cleaner in thisnhouse that will disguise the smell. You know how your mother gets.\"nI jumped, startled at the sound of Josephine's voice. I froze. Hownmuch of my conversation did she actually hear? Would she tell Larrynor Mia? \"You heard thenlady, out. Thanks for lettin' them over, Joey.\" Joey? Josephinennods, shooing them out. \"So, um, Joey..\"nthe name felt odd coming off my lips, \"how much of that did younactually hear?\" \"The whole thing.\"nOuch. That hurt. \"Thought so.\" Mynhand flies to the back of my head, tangling itself within my oceanndamp, now dirty blonde locks. \"But, you'rensecrets safe with me, chicka. I was your age once, too, ya know.\" Ansmile tugs at her lips, as she pulls out a cigarette. \"I won'tntell if you won't.\" she chuckles, lights it, and takes a longndrag. \"Now, off to bed, you too. Stay in your room for the night,nSabree. I know your type.\" She winks at me, taking another drag. I laugh, then follownafter Tyler up the stairs. I could get used tonthis. Topnof Form Bottomnof Form[Chapter 4] Sabree'snPOV. Shopping. Again. Miannever seems to get tired of dragging me on these shopping trips,nforcing me into tiny cubical dressing rooms, handing me outfit afternoutfit. I really need to have a talk with her. I sigh and stripnmyself of the hideous outfit she's picked out for me this time. Anfloor length white skirt and an aqua blue tank top, paired with anwhite shrug to go over it. I look at the skirt and shudder. I loathenskirts. \"Sabree,\" shensays, then knocks on the dressing room door. I crack it open,nassuming she has more horrendous outfits picked out for me. I expectnanother skirt, or some fancy dress that I'll never wear. Instead,nshe shoves a pair of designer jeans, a white undershirt, and a blackntee depicting Led Zeppelin into my hand, \"Um. Wow, thanks.\" Inreally don't know how to react to the outfit. She never picks outnstuff I like. I sit there for anmoment, trying to figure out if this was the same Mia that took menfrom the foster home six months ago. She must get the wrongnimpression of my silence, \"You do like that band, don't you? Ifnnot, than I can go exchange it for a different one.\" \"Oh, no. I'm anhuge fan of Zeppelin. It's just, I wasn't expecting this.\" \"Well, I'venrealized that the clothes I've been picking out for you just don'tnfit your personality. So, I'm going with this approach. Well, howndoes it look?\" I come out, Mianclaps her hands together. \"I must admit, that does look good onnyou, Sabree, doll. I think we've had enough clothes for today. I'vennoticed you need a new pair of shoes.\" She glances down at my fivenyear old ratty Converse, worn at the soles. We arrive at ansalon, with a few new pairs of shoes, for me and for her. I pickednout another pair of Converse, a pair of black Vans, and a whitensandal, a wedge I think it's called, that are supposed to lacenaround my ankle. Mia picked those out for me, and talked me intongetting them. That's what I'm wearing right now, Mia says I neednto so I can get used to how they walk. I'm not a huge fan of them,nbut I don't hate them, either. They add about three inches to mynpathetic height of five foot three. The stylist calls mynname, and I follow her to her chair. I have no clue what I'm doing,nso Mia explains clearly what she wants done with my hair. My hair isntoo dull, as Mia puts it. Dull? I, for one, never had a thought innthe world that hair can be dull. Seconds thoughts start to kick innabout now. Why did I let herntalk me into this? The stylist begins. I watch as she tugs at mynhair, and hacks away at a few pieces with a razor. She only appliesnthis to a few spots and leaves my hair as is in other. The stylistnmakes small conversation, asking me about my life, my age, whatnschool I go to. I groan silently, squeezing my eyes shut. \"Alright, babe,nare you ready to see the new you?\" The new me? Yeah,nright. I nod and she turns the chair so I face the mirror. My eyesnopen and I stare down my reflection. Here I was sure I would hatenwhat they've done to my hair. They've dyed mynhair an ash blonde color, a few shades darker than my originalnplatinum blonde, and, to my request, they've dyed the under layersnof my hair the color of coffee grounds. The way they styled my bangs,nthey styled them so the swept over my right eye in a surprisinglyncute way. \"Wow,\" I mutter,nawe struck. I can hardly believe they managed to do this to mynhair, when I can hardly contain the wild locks into a decent lookingnbun. It was certainly a change, but I didn't think it made me a newnSabree. \"This is a goodnluck for you, babe. It turned out much better than I thought.\"nMarie, my stylist, cheers, popping her gum. She asks if I want inndone in any special way, but I shake my head, and request to have itnslicked back into a simple half pony tail. \"Oh, my god.nMarie! This is so great! She looks fabulous!\" Mia giggles, andnexamines a piece of my freshly dyed hair. \"Oh, Sabree, you look sonamazing.\" She says then glances at her watch. \"Oh, would you looknat the time. We have to get you back in time for your little date!!\" I just had to sayndate, didn't I? Ugh. I have to learn to think about things before Insay them. Stacy's POV Why was I here?nHonestly, I don't know why I even bother to come to Tony'snparties. I don't drink. I don't smoke, so why do I come? To benthe designated driver for my friends. Ah, there we go. That's thenreason. As funny as it can be watching them parade themselves aroundndrunk and stoned, they end up far to wasted by the end of the partynto even get themselves up. Tony and Kathy have to have the placencleaned up by at least 5:30, to avoid getting caught by their fathernso I guess I've found my role in the world. \"Hey, Stace!\" Inturn at the sound of the voice to see Tyler approaching me. It'sncomforting to know that I'm not the only one that sits and watchesnour friends. \"Hey, man.\" Insay. Tyler leans against the wall behind him. \"Hey, bro, younseen Sabree? Her and my mom took off this morning. The old man and Inhaven't heard from 'em since. I figured she must've broken awaynand come here?\" I shake my head,n\"Sorry, bro, haven't seen her either.\" I look around, \"Andnshe defiantly belongs here.\" Tyler nods, \"Yeah,nthe party scene is defiantly for Sabree,\" he stops and sighs, \"Asnfunny as it is to see her stoned off her ass; it's not good fornher.\" I shrug, \"Well,nSabe's been around this stuff all her life, you know? I mean, hernown father is the one who was buying her the weed in the first place.nIt's almost second nature to her.\" A blonde girlnbounces past with Thunder Monkey. Well, not bounces. It looks morenlike she's being dragged along. If I didn't know any better, I'dnsay the girl was Sabree. But, it couldn't be. Sabree has a certainnway about her, I suppose. Sabree is not your typical California girl.nNo one knows what it is about her, but she's just. . .somethingnelse. Tyler manages tonsnag the girl by the elbow. He looks astounded, as do I. \"Sabree?\"nhe asks, his mouth agape. She smiles, and I see her cheeks turn anlight pink shade. She nods, \"Yeah,nwanna do something about it?\" she laughs and playfully punchesnTyler. \"Fuck, what did mynmom do to you?\" She shrugs, \"Inknow. I'm surprised I like it.\" Sabree's POV \"Sabree? Thatnyou?\" Sid's voice rings out from behind me. I love this kid. I'dnhave to say, I've bonded with him and Tony more than anyone else. Inguess, but bonding with Sid wasn't a choice, as his parents and mynfoster parents would insist on us 'getting to know each other.'nLike I said, I love A huge grin appearsnon his face, and he twirls me around. \"Damn, Mia really did annumber on you.\" He laughs. The energy around Sid is a bit nervous,nbut not as bad as usual. I notice certain smoothness when his aroundnme, a lack thereof when Thunder Monkey comes around. \"Hey, Sid.\"nThunder Monkey giggles, twirling a piece of jet black hair around hernfinger. Sid gulps, and his speech becomes all jumbled together andnthe poor kid is practically a nervous wreck. Oh, I get it. He likesnme, but he really likes Thunder Monkey. I think it's kind ofncute how jittery he gets around her. \"Oh, h-hey ThundernMonkey.\" He manages to stammer out. I smile, and look over atnStacy. Besides Jay, he's really the only one I haven't gottennthat acquainted with. I don't know why, he's a nice enough guy.nIt just seems that every time we at least try to have a fullnconversation, something comes along and drags one, if not both, of usnaway. Like now for example. Biniak comes upnbehind me to shove me forward lightly. But, as most of the boys fromnVenice, he underestimates his strength, and I go colliding into anvery tall, very blonde Stacy Peralta. \"Shit, sorry,nStace.\" I cringe slightly, pulling away from him. He just chucklesnlike it's no big deal. Which I suppose it isn't but whatever.n\"Nah, nah. It's cool.\" He says, then stands back to examine mynhair some more. \"I never expected this from you.\" He jokes. \"Yeah. ApparentlynBiniak didn't either.\" I laugh, as the half way drunken skaternpicks and chooses certain pieces of my hair to look at. \"Well, for thenrecord, it looks good.\" I smile at Stacy's compliment and anothernconversation almost begins, but Tony shoves a plastic cup full ofnbeer in my hand. I then feel Shogo press his hands against the smallnof my back to push me into following Tony. I look back at Stacy,nshrug, then mouth out the words, I'm sorry. \"Sabe, we'renjust about to go smoke up. It's mandatory that you be there!\"nShogo laughs, as I take my first swallow of vodka in ages. The bitternliquid burns as it slides down my throat, it's my first taste ofnvodka since I got put back into the foster home, so I expect it to bena little harsh. Stacy's POV I sigh and focus myngaze on Kathy and Jay. How could she hurt me like that? I know it wasnmonths ago, but I still feel the same pain I felt the first time Jayntold me him and Kathy were a 'thing.' Jay, my 'friend.' Inshake my head. I shouldn't be thinking so harshly about Jay.nDespite his morals being slightly twisted around, I can truly callnJay one of my friends. He was the only one who had the guts to tellnme Skip didn't want me on the team to begin with. And, to be fair,nhe did tell me the truth about Kath. . . I see Sabree takenthe open seat next to me, and watch as little droplets of whatevernshe has in the two cups splatter onto the seat. \"Music, weed andnalcohol; this is defiantly a Tony Alva party.\" She chuckles,noffering me the cup in her right hand. I look down at it,nquestionably. She does know I don't drink, right? \"Um,\" \"Don't worry,nPeralta,\" she shakes her head, placing the cup in my hand herself.n\"It's just Sprite, bro.\" I never expectednthis from Sabree. I mean, yeah, Tyler's told us of a huge change innSabree's behavior but I didn't think she would do something thisnnice. Even if it was something as simple as going out of her way tonget me Sprite instead of vodka. \"I thought Tony wanted you to gonsmoke,\" I say, paying close attention to how my voice drifts off. Sabree pauses, cupnhalf to way up to her lips. She then looks at and shakes her head.n\"Nah. Apparently Shogo's definition of 'smoking' is to watchnTony and Red Dog have a contest to see who could drink the most beernwithout puking. Tony won, by the way.\" I nod, taking a swignof my Sprite, \"Yeah. . .that sounds like them.\" Again, my voicengoes soft and mine and Sabe's conversation goes distant. My eyes gonstraight to Jay and Kathy, all cuddled up on her dad's chair. \"Stace? Stacy,\"nSabree's voice began to come in loud and clear. Even she could feelnthe uneasiness in my gaze. Someone I'd only known for a short timencould even pick out I wasn't over Kath. . . She sighs, taking ansmall drink of her vodka, \"You can't let her get to you likenthat, Stace.\" Her answer catchesnme off guard, \"You heard about that, huh?\" Her eyes get big andnshe laughs, \"Chyeah. Can we say slut?\" I give her a look.n\"Yeah…I tried playing nice with Kathy once. It' didn't work.\"nShe explains, tossing her head back to let the last of her vodkanslide down her throat. I bite my lower lipnand turn to face her, \"Yeah, well, Kathy's not the only one tonblame.\" Sabree nods,nstacking her empty yellow plastic cup in mine, \"Yeah. It's Jay'snfault, too. He's an ass. Ick.\" \"Jay is a jackassnsometimes. . .but his heart his in the right place. He really tries,nyou know?\" I say, ignoring the rush-y sick feeling dwelling in thenpit of my stomach long enough to look her in the eyes. She scoffs, \"Haha,ngood one, Stace. Look, all I know is that Kathy doesn't deserventhis little slump she's put you in.\" she shrugs, and her gazencatches with mine. Her gray eyes. . .are hard to explain. They'renvery light. . .almost understanding. Not a distant, ugly, scary gray. I offer her a halfnsmile. Honestly, I never expected Sabree, of all people, to bentelling me this. She strikes me as more of an 'I don't care'nperson, but I guess Ty was right about her-- I can see thenpersonality change now. We sit there for anminute or two, saying nothing. Maybe this was the moment of bondingnthat Tyler had been insisting we get. Maybe it's a moment wherennothing needs to be said. Well, whatever this momentnis, it's interrupted by Tony. \"Sabe, we'ren'bout to blaze up. C'mon.\" he says, taking Sabree by the wristnto drag her along. She jumps, trying to shake the surprise wristngrabbing off. Her lips curve into a smile. \"I'm coming, I'mncoming!\" she laughs. Then she did something I didn't expect. Shenlooked back at me, I stare back at her uncomfortably. Then she says, 'I won't smokentoo much,' Before Tony drags her off to some vacant room in hisnhouse. Two hours laternSabree and Tony emerge from the room, smoke floating out behind them.nThey both seem more than stoned. Maybe a good amount of alcoholnfloating in their veins, too. I shake my head,nangered by the fact she broke her promise. To make matters worse, thennext thing she does is lean in and kiss Tony. As usual, Blanca isn'tnaware of Tony's little escapades with other girls behind her back.nEven if they are too wasted to realize their own actions, it is whatnit is. I pray that Tony doesn't remember this in the morning as henbacks Sabree up into the wall, trailing kisses down her neck. That moment betweennus, it had to be more than bonding. If it was just a moment ofnbonding, I wouldn't have this immense anger surging through mynbody. I close my eyes and try to shake it off. I give myself a littlentalk in many failed attempts to calm myself down. Sabree lands with a thunk on the floor. All the pot and the alcohol must havengotten to her. Tyler must have seen her pass out as he runs to hernside, automatically checking for a pulse. \"Shit! Dude, whatnthe fuck happened to her?!\" He yells. He's panicked. Anyone canntell when Tyler's in a panic, his left eyebrow twitchesnuncontrollably. \"She drank andnsmoked too much.\" I explain as calmly as I'm able to allownmyself. \"Fuck! I can'tntake her home like this! My parents will kill her! Then they'llnkill me!\" My teeth catch mynbottom lip and I contemplate my next move. \"Shit...I'll take hernto my house. Just tell your parents that she's staying the night atna friends' house, or something.\" I decide, reluctantly. I helpnget the poor girl onto Tyler's back. \"Thanks, Stace. Inowe you one, buddy.\" Sabree's POV I awake with anstart. I had another dream about my life before Tyler's house,nbefore the foster home. The first time my father had beaten me, thenfirst time I got stoned-- everything. Why do these dreams keepnplaguing me? Ugh. I have a pounding head ache and on top of it all Indon't know where I am. The walls are varied shades of yellow, thenroom is medium sized and surf posters splatter the wall. Where am I? I groan,ndragging myself over to a mirror. My hair is a tangled, knotted upnmess. Clumps of mascara stick to my cheeks, accompanied by smearedneyeliner. I look awful. I'm normally not one to care aboutnappearances, but I look like shit today. My eyes trail down to mynneck, to an unfamiliar dark mark. I run my fingers over it and Inremember. The party, the promise. Everything. \"Fuck…\" myneyes grow wide. Tony. . . after we got stoned. I know we drunk a lotnafter that? But, what else? The opening of andoor catches my attention. It closes but I jump and crawl under thendesk in the strange, banana colored room. \"Stacy?\" \"In the kitchen,ndad.\" Stacy?! I'm innStacy's bedroom? Oh shit. I must have been pretty fucked up lastnnight to be here. Stacy. . .Crap. Not even half way into the morningnand I've fucked things up twice. The promise of lastnnight comes flooding back. I told Stacy I wouldn't do too much ofnanything. A wave of regret washes over me, as I come from my hidingnspot. Am I the biggest bitch in the world? I think so. My fingersntrace over the hickey once more. Great. Now I'm a bitch and anslut. I hold my breath andnwait until his dad leaves the house again. I scurry out into thensmall dining room, searching for Stacy. Did he leave? Oh, God. I hopennot. I look around the house once more, praying that Stacy wouldn'tnbe too harsh on me if I found him. I hear a sigh, andnsee his blonde hair flicker in the wind slightly in the wind out ofnthe corner of my eye. He's in his back yard. I take small, cowardnlike-steps outside. \"Stace?\" I say his name in little more thanna whisper. He just looks backnat me His ocean blue eyes are actually burning with an intense anger,nalmost a look of hate. I can't even begin to describe the painednlook in his eyes. I don't think Stacy has ever looked at anyonenwith this much anger before. . not even Jay and Kathy. \"D-did I have sexnwith Tony last night?\" The words roll of my tongue. I couldn'tnhave. . I haven't even had a boyfriend yet. He shakes his head,n\"No, but you might as well have.\" He snaps. His voice takes on antone that I've never heard him speak before. His look softens up anbit, \"You promised me you wouldn't smoke too much.\" He frownsnand the scornful look in his perfect blue eyes melts away, beingnreplaced with melancholy look of disappointment. I nod, \"Inknow…I-I'm sorry.\" He shakes his head,n\"Go home, Sabree. There's only so long Ty and I can cover fornyou.\" He says, then grabs his surf board to go inside, leaving menall alone. 'You promised menyou wouldn't smoke too much.' Those words keep playing over andnover in my head. They're taunting me. . . I didn't think it wasnpossible for Stacy to be so angry at someone. 'You might as wellnhave.' Those words cut me deeply. Nothing has ever hurt me morenthan hearings those five words. Not my dad's regular beatings,nthe first time he hurt my mom, the first time I figured I was neverngoing to have a family. For the first time since I've been innCalifornia, hot tears press themselves in my eyes. I suck.[Chapter 5] Sabree'snPOV It's been twonweeks. Stacy and I still haven't made up. He won't evennlook at me. . . I honestly don't blame him. I broke my promise, gotnstoned, drunk and I made out with Tony. Gross. All of this happenednin the course of two hours, even. Tony. That reminds me, I have tonfind out if he remembers anything about the party. He whizzes past menon his skateboard, but I reach my hand out and grab the hood of hisnjacket to yank him off. \"Shit! Damn, BreenBree! What's sooooo important that it can't wait 'til I'mndone shredding?\" He laughs. Bree Bree? Ugh. This boy has somenserious issues. I shoot him andisgusted look, \"Don't ever callme that again,\"nI snap. \"Tony, do you remember anything about the party lastnweekend? Tony's featuresntangle into a confused look, and he tries hard to recollect thenevents of his killer house party, \"Nope, sorry chicka. Is therenanything I should remember? Anything important ?\" Oh, I just love hownhe emphasizes 'important'. But, thank god. Just the answer I wasnlooking for. \"Ha. In your dreams, Alva. No, I just can't remembernshit.\" He shrugs then hopsnright back on his board to rejoin the gang. Well, I can checknthat off the list. That was the easy part of today, though. You wouldnnever think it takes so much confidence to just smile at someone.nEven if it just is a fake smile. Well. . .it is quite hard when thenparticular person you're trying to pass that fake smile atnseemingly hates you with every fiber of their being. No. . .Stacyncouldn't hate me. Could he? I shudder at the thought ofnStacy Peralta hating me before I even got a chance to know him. Henlooks over at me, I almost missed my chance! So, with what littlencourage I have at the moment, I smile in his direction, hoping fornonly the best reaction. He looks right pastnme. Almost like I wasn't even there. I knew it. I knew it! A wastenof confidence, that was. I give up. I press my spine against the backnwall then sink down, burying my face in the comfort of my hands.nReally, I am trying my hardest to accept the fact that Stacy doesnhate me and move on. But that damn voicenin the back of my head keeps stopping me. You know that little voicenthat tells you when you're doing something wrong? That one. I wasnalways convinced I never had one of those, but it keeps poundingnitself into the back of my head. 'Apologize! Apologize to Stacy!nGive it a shot!' it screams over and over again, until I can'tntake it anymore. \"Okay…okay fine.nI'll go try to apologize.\"I mutter, picking myself up. I suppose I nevernnoticed how well, tall, Stacy is. Not until this very moment, as Increep up behind him. \"Stace? Can I talknto you for a sec?\" He looks at me. And,nif only for a moment, his eyes have that. . .that gleam in them whennhe looks at me. It's almost mesmerizing. And to think I'm thencause of his eyes loosing that sparkle. At the sight of me, thenspiteful look returns but he nods his head, and follows me to mynwall. I position myselfnagainst the wall again, \"Look, Stace...I am really, really sorrynabout what happened at Tony's party. I broke my promise to you andnyou had to see me act that way with Tony.\" I shudder as my mindnbegins to produce images of how that must've looked to Stacy. \"It's fine,nSabe.\" He says. Now, 'its fine' normally coming from StacynPeralta would be acceptable. .. if he had meant it. This 'it'snfine' is emotionless, hollow. It's fine? I knewnthis was a lost cause. I groan, and get ready to walk away. Cue tinynvoice of reason. \"No, it's not. I mean…what I did wasn'tncool. I should have stopped it sooner-\" He cuts me off,n\"Sabe, it's fine, really.\" I can't stand the coldness in hisnvoice. I didn't think Stacy was possible of achieving a freeze outnof this magnitude. \"No, it's not!\"nI yell, causing the heads of Ty, Sid, Jay and Tony to snap up innunison. If this were some sort of play, the spotlight would benbeaming down on me and Stace right now. Tony's eyebrowsnfurrow together and he gets that stupid ass look on his face, \"Dude,nwhat's goin' on?\" Tyler shrugs it off. I guess I owe him annapology, too. I bite my tongue.nOops. I repeat my last statement, this time remembering to use myn'inside voice.' \"Stacy, look, it's not fine, alright?\" Intake a deep breath before continuing, \"Okay, it's not fine. Thisnis a really big deal to me. . .mostly because I've never had to saynsorry to someone and actually mean it. But, I guess I've never hurtnanyone this badly and wanted to apologize.\" Stacy bites hisnlower lip, as if he's processing my apology, trying to figure outnif he should forgive me or not. I wish he'd say something. Thisnsilence is killing me, and I think I might explode from thenanticipation if he doesn't give me an answer soon. It doesn'tnmake sense though. Why do I care so much if Stacy forgives me or not?nThere has to be some explanation. Unless I have feelings fornStacy…No, that can't be it. I haven't known him that long atnall. After what seemednlike forever, I think Stacy finally makes his decision. Certainly notnthe one I was hoping for. He looks through me once more and shakesnhis head, before walking away. Game over, I think,nhiding my face in my hands again. I slip down to the ground and staynthere for a few moments, before Sid slides in to the spot next to me. He grins, brown eyesnwide and sparkling. \"Hey, Sabe.\" I look up at thenkindly boy and smile slightly, \"Hey.\" \"Hey, what'sngoing on between you and Stace? I haven't seen him this down sincenthe whole Jay/Kathy thing.\" My jaw just sort ofnhangs open. \"Shit. I really fucked up, didn't I?\" I sigh, \"AtnT.A's party the other night, Stacy and I were just talking aboutnKathy. Then Tony comes up and says he was gunna get stoned withnShogo, and he wanted me to come. Anyways, I went, but before that Inpromised Stace I wouldn't drink or smoke very much. Well, about twonhours later, I come out with Tony, drunk and stoned as all hell, and,nI don't know, I guess we sorta made out, or whatever and Stacy saw.nSo not only did I break my promise to him, he also saw me with Tony.nSlutty, stoned, drunk me. I tried apologizing, but I guess I wasnright. It's a lost cause. I mean, Stacy won't so much as glance in my direction, Sid.\" Sid gives me ansympathetic look, resting his head against mine. \"Don't worrynabout it. Just give him some time. It's impossible for Stacy tonstay mad at some one, no matter what they did.\" I give him an oddnlook, he chuckles. \"See Adams, Jay for example number one. I nodnunderstandingly, and wrinkle my nose at the slight mention of Jay'snname, \"Thanks, Sid. Anyway, I'm gunna head home. Just tell Ty Indon't feel good, or something.\" He nods and pats menon the back before I get up, \"Yeah. Sure, whatever you want, Sabe.\" o.o \"Mia? Larry? I'mnhome!\" I call. No response. Weird. They should be home. I kick mynboard off to the side. \"In the kitchen,nSabree.\" I hear Mia call. I wander into the kitchen and my eyesnmeet up with the sight Larry, Mia, and Paula all gathered around thentable. Like I haven't seen this scene before. Either Mia and Larrynhave decided to get rid of me, or I got caught smoking. Both are verynlikely scenarios. \"What's goingnon?\" I ask lightly, making my way over to the round kitchen table. \"Ah, Ms. Thomas,nsit.\" Paula opens with a smile, patting at an empty chair betweennher and Mia. I take my spot and Mia nearly bursts into tears, takingnmy hand in hers. \"Sabree, honey,nI'm afraid something's come up,\" She begins. Somethings camenup? Oh, great. That is just what I need. \"It's about yournfather.\" My father? What doesnmy dad have to do with anything? \"And?\" This is the partnwhere Paula raises begin to fiddle with the buttons on her jacket,nher own habit before breaking big news, \"And, he wants you to comenback and live with him. He says he went through rehab, he's gottenna better paying job. He's better now, honey.\" Yeah, but Karen isnstill there. . .I add mentally. The news knocks me speechless. \"But, he can'tndo that. Can he? Paula grimaces, \"Oh,nSabe, I'm afraid he can. All he has to do is pay your child supportnand sign a few papers by the end of the month. But, Mia and Larry canntake him to court for complete custody, if you want, that is.\" Of course I wantednthem to take my dad to court. I didn't want to go back there. Indon't buy that \"I went to rehab\" excuse. He's gone to 'rehab'nevery year since I was put into foster care. \"So that's it? Hensigns a few papers, pays child support, and if we lose the case, I gonback? She nods, \"I'mnafraid so. But, remember, he does have until the end of the month.\" I've heard enough.n. . I push my chair back, and high tail it upstairs. I can'tnbelieve this is happening. I can't believe how simple it is to takenme back. . . Tears begin to blurnmy vision as I face down a picture of my dad and I. . I was five atnthe time, and my light blonde hair had been strewn into two longnpigtails, and my mother had dressed in a little pink and whitencheckered dress, and my dad was holding me, balancing me on his hip.nThat was when I actually had a family. . .but now that all seemed sonfar away. All the anger pentnup inside me finally spills out, causing me knock the picture to thenground. And I watch as the glass breaks, and scatters all over thenground. I hate him. I hate him so much. The tears finally make theirnway down my face. Fast, burning tears splatter themselves on thenbroken glass. A light reflects offnone of the larger shards of glass among the small slivers, andncatches my eye automatically. I lean over to pick it up. I let itnslip through my fingers a few times, contemplating what do with it.nFuck it. My life's already a wreck anyways. I press the tip of thenglass into my skin and rip it across my wrist. The red liquid comesnrunning down my arm. It's warm. . . Self mutilation wasnall too new of a concept for me. It's so. . .unknown. Unspoken of.nNo one else I know possibly knows the rush that comes with the pain.nIt's almost an out of body experience. . .like doing drugs withoutnthe price of getting caught. I love it. So I do it again. And again.nAnd again once more. Four fresh, red cuts one after another. I drop the glassninto a place only to be found by me, then walk to the bathroom tonclean myself up. It's almost rewarding to watch the water andnblood merge. Self worth, I think is what this is. Yeah, self worth. Inrub my wrist with a towel to dry off the water. 10:00 Stacy's shiftnshould be ending soon. 'Just give himnsome time' Sid's words resound in my head. Maybe this was enoughntime? I shut my door, shut off my light, and throw on my hoodie. ThennI creep towards my always open bedroom window. Lucky for me, a tallnoak tree grew right outside my window. Within jumping distance of mynroof. I crawl out and crouch down on the shingled roof for a momentnand slowly stand up, steadying myself to reach over to a sturdynbranch. To Venice NoodlenCompany! I think, rather heroically, as I shimmy down my mainnescape route. I pull the arm of my sweater down to hide thenstrawberry gashes marking my glowy skin. I must say. . .the timenspent in the sun has done wonders for my skin. But, for now, the cutsnwill be my little secret. …. The bell attached tonthe top of the door called out as I entered the empty building knownnas Venice Noodle Company. It wasn't very often that this place wasnso barren, so I admit, it's a bit odd to in this place crowded withnonly those who were put on night shift. I don't see Stacy, whichnleads me to believe he's finished up early for the night. I sighnand begin to think my brave escape was all for nothing. As I turn to leave,nbut a tall blonde catches my eye. It's got to be Stacy, as hisnco-workers are about half his size, brunettes, and females. I snag anseat in the booth his about to bus. He comes up, laughing at one ofnhis co-workers comments. \"Yeah, good one,nCarla.\" He stops upon seeing me. But this time he doesn't looknhateful. . .he looks surprised. \"Hey, Stace.\" Inoffer him a smile and a wave. \"Hey,\" he says,ncasually. His voice is back to the normal chipper 'Stacy' tone.nThat's always a good thing. Always. Silence passesnthrough the two of us for an awkward minute, before Stacy askes,n\"What are you doing here, Sabree?\" I shrug, searchingnfor a lie. \"I just came to see how you were doing. I mean, younlooked pretty pissed today, and I know it's because of me.\" He nods, \"Yeah. Inwas pretty pissed at you.\" Ouch. That kind of hurt. He then smiles,nand shakes his head, \"But I'm over it now. Just promise me you'llnnever pull a stunt like that again. And I mean really promise me?\" A chuckle escapes mynlips, but I nod, \"I promise. I will never ever pull a stunt likenthat again.\" \"Good,\" henglances at the watch on his wrist, \"it's late. I'll give you anride home; I really don't want you walking alone. Venice ain'tnthe safest place to be at night.\" \"Thanks. But, Indon't feel like going home quite yet.\" Stacy shrugs,n\"That's fine by me. My dad doesn't expect me home until aboutntwelve anyway.\" …. Stacy's POV I shiver a bit, asnthe cool night breeze passes through my jacket. I didn't mind. Instop, fold my arms across my chest, and look out at the ocean. I'vennever been at the beach this late at night before. The shining silvernstars lining the indigo colored sky reflect in the water, the largenpale moon hovering not far above the restless ocean. Sabree joins me,nhoping on the hood of my car. She smiles, almost like she wasnrecalling a fond memory. \"I love the beach at night. Me and mynsister used to come here all the time. How did I know? Insmile softly, brushing some hair behind my ear. \"You know, I'venlived here all my life, but I've never been to the beach thisnlate.\" I pause. \"I didn't know you had a sister.\" She laughs lightly,nand nods, \"Yeah. Karlee, she's eighteen now. But I was aboutneight the last time I saw her. This was before my family camento a screeching halt. My dad started the affair with Karen about anyear into working his new job. When my mom found out, she wasnfurious. So she took Karlee and left. It was after that when Karenngot my dad into smoking pot and drinking alcohol. That's whenneverything changed. It was like, Karen would do or say anything tonmake my dad hit me.\" I bit my lower lip,nand regret asking the question. \"Wow, Sabe. I'm sorry. I didn'tnmean to-\" She shakes her head,n\"No, it's okay. I remember the first time my dad hit me,nactually. It was pretty late at night and I had just back from Leah'snhouse. I was going to me room so I could get some sleep. My dad wasnpiss drunk when I came home. I think he forgot I was with Leah. . sonhe asked where I was. When I looked up to answer him, I saw a winenglass shatter against the wall behind me. 'Sabree, why the fuck didnyou steal from my wallet?' he said. Then he shoved me up againstnthe wall and landed a punch right in my stomach.\" \"Sabe, that soundsnawful. No body should have to put up with that.\" She shrugs, \"Really,nit's ok. I mean, I'm with Tyler now, and I never have to go backnto him again.\" She looks at the ground, and kicks at the sand withnthe toe of her Converse. I feel terrible for making her recallnsomething so horrible. Sabree's POV Silence takes placenof conversation again. I think it upset Stacy a bit that he asked.nIt's not a big deal, really. Not to me, anyway. I keep my gazenfocused on the ground, and close my eyes. I feel Stacy make a slightnmovement. I look out of the corner of my eye. His arm is drapedngingerly across my shoulders, like he's trying to comfort me ornsomething. Whatever he is trying to do, it's working. The call of gullsnsnaps my attention upward and I laugh slightly. I can't believe I'mnabout to tell this to Stacy. \"I used to hate birds.\" He looks at me in anfunny way, \"Because they could fly. I was always so jealous. Evennafter my mom left with Karlee, I would always sit outside and watchnthem. And I'd wish that I could fly, too, so I could just get awaynfrom my dad and his stupid girlfriend. But, that stays between us.nAnd only between us. No body knows that, and I'd like to keep itnthat way.\" He laughs, \"Alright,nyou got it. I'll keep my mouth shut.\" \"Good. Hey, Stace,nwhat time is it?\" \"Almost 11:30,nwhy?\" \"Shit. I need tonget back. Mia and Larry know that even I can go so long withoutnfood.\" \"Wait, they don'tnknow you're out?\" He asks, tilting his head to the side. I shake my head,n\"They haven't the slightest clue.\" He grins, \"Well, Inguess some things never change, eh?\" I roll my eyes,ngiving him a playful shove, \"Yeah, yeah. Just take me home,nPeralta.\" …. \"Thanks, Stace. Inappreciate the ride home.\" I say and watch him slowly pull upnbehind my house. \"Nah, it's not anbig deal.\" He shrugs, \"Just get in there before you do end upngetting caught.\" I smile at him onenlast time before I exit his car. \"Bye, Stace.\" I say before I runnto my escape root. The light in my roomnclicks on, and, as luck would have it, Larry and Mia we're sittingnon my bed, expecting a good excuse as to why I came home at almostntwelve o' clock at night. \"Well, youngnlady?! What do you have to say for yourself?\" Larry snaps. I feelnmy temperature begin to boil. \"Sabree AnnnThomas, what do you think you are doing being out so late? Andnwithout our consent! Who were you with, Sabree?\" Mia snipes at me. \"Just a friend.nAnd I don't need your consent, you're not my parents,\" Oh, thatnwas clever. . I think before continuing, \"I'm sorry I snuck out.nBut, shit. After the bomb Paula just dropped on me? I needed to getnout because, I know you guys aren't going to take my dad to court.\" \"Oh, Sabree,\"nMia's voice softens, \"You know for a fact that that isn'tntrue.\" She coos, rubbing my shoulders as I turn away from them. \"Just go away.\"[Chapter 6] Tyler'snPOV \"Hey, Sabe, Inheard my parents bitching at you last night. What the fuck did youndo?\" Sabree jumps out ofnher own skin at the sound of my voice. I think I interrupted a deepnthinking session. She just shrugs her shoulders and flicks her bangsnfrom her view. \"I snuck out at like, 10:00 last night and didn'tncome home 'til 12:00. I guess I didn't lock my door or something.nWhen I came home, they were sitting on my bed, waiting for me. \"Yeah, that soundsnlike my parents. Why'd you sneak out in the first place?\" \"I wanted to seenif Stacy was okay. I apologized for the party,\" she looks at me, \"I guess I owe you an apology, too. Thanks, man. You totallynsaved my ass.\" I run a hand throughnmy hair, \"Eh, it's what I do.\" I say, in my ladies man voice.nSabree makes a gagging motion at my brief arrogance. I tilt my headnto this side, riddled by the fact Sabree is wearing a thick, blacknhoodie in the middle of an 80 degree summer in Santa Monica,nCalifornia. \"Sabe, what's with the jacket homes? It like, anbajillion degree outside.\" \"No reason. Justnfeel like wearin' a jacket. Is there a problem with that?\" I shake my head,n\"Oh, no. I just think that a jacket would be a little hard to surfnin that's all…\" Her head pops up atnthe mention of surfing. She thinks a moment before politely shootingnme down. \"Nah, I'll take a rain check, though. I'll justnwatch.\" \"Um, okay.nWhatever you want, Sabe. Just hurry up about it, the guys are alreadyndown at the pier.\" o.o \"Tyler! Shit, it'snabout time, bro!\" Tony rushes up to me. He looks Sabree over andnshakes his head. \"Sabree, baby, what's with the get up? Last timenI checked you couldn't surf in this shit.\" He laughs, pawing atnher jacket with mock interest. She smacks his handnaway like a four year old, \"Just don't feel like getting wetntoday.\" \"Hey, its coolnchicka. How 'bout you and me just blaze up tonigh, alone?\" Sabree stalls,n\"Define 'alone'.\" She bends her fingers into little quotationnmarks. Tony snakes his armnaround her waist, \"Alone. As in, you, me, a bowl.\" \"Wow. As great asnthat sounds, Tony, I'm gonna have to say no.\" He fakes a painednlook, \"That hurts, Foster girl. That hurts bad.\" Jay calls himnover before he can continue his scene. \"Alright, who arenyou and what have you done with the real Sabree?\" Instep up and examine girl who claims to be the Sabree Ann Thomas I'venlived with for two months now. She shrugs, \"What'snthe supposed to mean?\" \"It's called anjoke, Sabe. You know, ha-ha? You do remember how to laugh,nright?\" Aha, there it is--nthe Sabree death glare. She must mean business if she's dishing itnout already. I let out a sigh. \"Sabe, you just don't seem likenyourself today.\" She gives me a,n\"You'd better stop with the bullshit\" look, \"I'm justnreally tired from last night.\" I send a look tonrival her own. By now, I've perfected my mothers 'I can tell whennyou're lying to me' look. It's very threatening when my motherngoes balls to the wall angry. \"Ty, I'm fine,nman. Really.\" She reassures, laying one hand on my arm, \"Dude,nyou know I wouldn't lie to you. Now go and surf. I guess I kind ofnfeel bad about making you miss all the killer swells.\" She saysnwith that certain 'Sabree' kind of way we've become used tonhearing. Sabree's POV After two hours ofnwatching the boys' mind numbingly boring surfing, we stand outsidenof the Zephyr shop. We don't dare to take even one step inside, almost like the ageing yellow brick building was some foreign placenand the owner and contents inside would devour is if we even thoughtnabout going in. Oh well. Watching the boys make asses' out ofnthemselves suits my fancy just fine. Stacy's normalncarefree glow returned to him, something I'm more than positive henmissed. I've missed it too, but Stacy can never know that. I satnthere, motionless,drifting off into my own little dream land. I wasnquite happy there, no distractions, no boys, no foster parents. Nonanything. I was alone, as I like to be some days when the quite sidenof me takes over. The slapping ofnhands on the brick building behind me brings me back into reality. Tonmy misfortune, Jay's impish face is inches away from mine, anserious look painted on his features. I gasp, now realizing that JaynAdams was invading my personal bubble. My person bubble! Whatnthe hell is wrong with this kid? \"Fuck! Jay, you fucking asshole!\"nI scream and shove him away with all the strength I have in my tinynbody. He chuckles,nreturning to his previous position, \"Why'd you shoot Tony down?nIt's not like you to let an offer like that pass by. Afraid anrepeat of the party might happen?\" Oh, he is an evil son of anbitch. I stumble for ancomeback, but his smart ass has knocked me speechless. I hate him.nNot like a two year old \"I hate you\" to their mother but annintense, I'm gonna rip out your finger nails and make sure younnever surf or skate another day in your life hate. \"H-how did younknow what?\" \"I have my ways,\"nhe says, giving me a smug look, \"Ya know, foster girl, I think Tonyndeserves to know about what went down that night.\" \"Jay, I swear tonGod, if you tell Tony even one little detail, I'll deck that smugnface of yours straight in, do you understand me?\" I spit, Jay justnlaughs but that doesn't stop him from giving me that look Indespise. \"Tell Tony what?\"nI look over to see none other than Tony quickly coming up to me andnJay. Jay greets Tony silently, and then turns his attention back tonme before he shoves himself off the wall, returning to Sid, Stace andnTy. \"Nothing.\" Inhiss, shaking my head. As much as it kills me to say this, Jay isnright. I guess Tony does kind of deserve to know about that night. Inrun a hand through my hair, a nervous habit I've picked up, andnsigh, \"Look, Tony. More went on between us at your party than younthink…\"I trail off, causing Tony's full attention to come to menand only me. \"Yeah, and?\" \"And, well, thenthing is, you and I sort of...fuck.\" I stop mid sentence afternseeing a figure much resembling my father come closer and closer. \"Fu- what thenhell?\" \"No. Shit, dude,nthat's my dad!\" I say, pushing my way past Tony, trying tonconceal myself from my father behind the building. A crowd forms aroundnTony, and many questions arise from the group. 'Dude, what'sngoing on?' and 'Yeah, that's Sabree's dad, bros' are thenmost frequently asked. I try to sneak awaynfrom the building, away from the boys' and my father, but my fathernrounds me off, stepping directly in my path. \"Sabree…Sabree,nis that you?\" I freeze, and nodnslowly, \"Yeah, Dad, it's me.\" He smiles softly atnme, \"You changed your hair. I like it. You still look like yournmother, though.\" 'Lucky me…' Inthink, taking a step back from my dad. I glance behind me to makensure Tony, Stacey, Sid, Jay, and Ty we're still there. They allngive me reassuring looks, and that's all I need to find thenconfidence to face my dad. \"Heh, guess you'renall grown up now, eh?\" Rick's, my father, hand reaches up tongraze against my cheek, and brush through my bangs. I flinch, nearlynletting a frightened cry slip from my mouth. It's all a naturalnreaction by now. \"I miss ya, Sabe. Karen, too. I can't wait untilnI get you back home with me.\" I gulp andnimmediately I feel Tyler's angry gaze burn holes through my jacket.nHe knows now. I don't want him to. I don't want anyone to know. Inopen my mouth to speak, but my throat dries up and I have troublenspeaking at all, \"I'm not going back home, Dad.\" I finally crynout, loud enough for him to hear. He shakes his head,nand slips his hand underneath my chin, forcing me to look at him, \"Ofncourse you are, Sabree. C'mon. Everything's okay now. I'd startnsayin' good bye to your little friends now before you get toonattached.\" He lets me go, and continues on his way home, I suspect.nHe'd been drinking, I could smell the whisky on his breath. Ohnyeah. You're really good for me to come home. I stumble back,nalmost losing my balance. That was scarier than I would have liked itnto be. \"Sabree! Whyndidn't you tell me that your dad wants to take you back?\" Tylernyells, furious at what my father just said. I don't feel likenexplaining myself to Tyler. I don't have to explain myselfnto Tyler. I ignore his yelling, and storm away. He curses under hisnbreath, taking off after me. \"Sabree! Sabree, just, please.\" Henpleads managing to snag my wrist. His fingers come in contact withnthe fresh scars on my arm, they sting badly. He's hurting me, butnhe doesn't realize it. Of course he doesn't. I can't just tellnTyler what I did that night, because it'll send him into anbreakdown. Just this alone is enough to start one. I wriggle free ofnhis grasp and turn to face him, \"Because I didn't want anyone tonknow! Because of reasons like this! Because I can't deal with thenscreaming, or the arguing, right now. Don't you get it Tyler?!\" \"Sabree…I- I'mnsorry. I just would have liked to know about this. When did you findnthis out? Do my parents know?\" he questions, and tries reaching outnto me. I pull back onninstinct, \"Just drop it Tyler! Just drop it, and leave me alone!\"nI scream, beginning to back away. He takes a stepncloser to me, and suddenly I feel like I'm ten years old again,ntrying desperately to get away from my father, when there's only ancorner to back myself into, and stupidly trap myself. Hot tears buildnup behind my eyes, Tyler takes another step closer. I turn around andnrun, with no destination in mind. It's not like I have a place tonrun to, anyway. I look behind me, and see Tyler get smaller andnsmaller as my feet carry me further and further away from him. Sid's POV Nobody has saidnanything. The shock of Rick's sudden appearance still hadn'tnwashed off, and Sabree just ran off like that. I look at Tyler. He'snconfused, angry, and worried all at the same time. I don't blamenhim. Sabree's become so much more than just a girl his parents tooknin. The way he acts around her, the way she acts around him. It'snlike they we're blood related. I can only imagine what he mustnfeel. \"So, what now?\"nI speak up. Tyler looks up atnme, \"We go home and wait. That's all we can do.\" … We've been atnTyler's house an hour, and still no sign of Sabree. The arms of thenclock indicate its half past 11:00. Again, Tyler's parents and mynparents were out of town for a time, leaving Tyler's house a usualnhang out. My gaze travels overnto Stacy, who shares the same expression as Tyler. He remained quite,ntwiddling his thumbs. I wonder what he was thinking about. Jay toldnme some shit about him maybe liking Sabree, but sometimes Jay isn'tnthe most reliable source. But, Stacy is hard to read sometimes. It'snjust his nature to care about people in times like these. He did saynsomething about the beach last night. I don't know anything fornsure. I hear a windownbeing shut from upstairs. We all look at Tyler in a questionablenmanner. \"Think that'snher?\" Stacy speaks up. Tyler shrugs, \"Hasnto be, no one else knows how to open that fuckin window in Sabree'snroom.\" \"Well, someonenshould go and check,\" I suggest, and everyone looks at me. \"W-wait!nWhy me?\" I stutter. \"Why not? Shenwon't talk to Tyler, I know for a fact she won't let Jay innthere.\" Stacy explains, whisking his blonde hair behind hisnshoulders, \"Sid, man, if it doesn't work, then I'll go upnthere. And, if I can't get anything out of her, we'll send Tony.\" \"Tony? He's supposed to be our ace in the hole?\" I exclaim, and Tony looksna little insulted, \"No offense, T.A, this isn't exactly your areanof expertise.\" Jay scoffs, \"Youncan say that again.\" I groan, \"Fine…I'llngo.\" I push myself out of the chair, and head upstairs to Sabree'snroom. \"Sabree?\" I rap softly at the door, and it opens enough fornme to peek my head in. I wasn't ready for what I saw. Bloodndripping down her arm, from a gash she created herself. How could shendo something like that to herself? I take a deep breath, and enternthe room. \"Sabe…\" I say softly, drifting off. Her head jerks up atnthe sound of my voice, her hair flying in front of her face, stickingnto her tear stained cheeks. \"S-Sid…please don't tell anyone.\"nShe sobs, pressing the sleeve of her sweater against her wound tonstop the bleeding. I shake my head,ncrouching down in front of her, \"I wouldn't dream of it.\" It's silent for anfew minutes, but Sabree finally breaks down, and confesses to me,n\"Oh, Sid. It's not supposed to be this way. I'm not supposed tongo back to my dad. I'm not supposed to leave Tyler, Tony, Stacy ornyou!\" she cries, resting her head in the crook of my neck. This isnthe closest I've been to Sabree, making it slightly awkward for me.nI nod. I understand what she means. I give her a quick embrace, butngently push her away, resting my hands on her shoulders. I reallynhate to break this to her when she's in this condition, but I thinknthis will help her more when I say I understand. \"Sabe, look, Inknow. I know how things don't work out like they're supposed to.\" She shakes her head,n\"How could you?\" she asks tearfully. I hesitate, brushingna strand of hair of her cheek, \"Because…I…you know how I havenbad ears?\" I state slowly, and she nods, \"Well, that's not allnthat it is. When my parents took me to the doctor to have a look atnmy ears, they found a tumor. On my brain…\" She cries outnharder, I can tell that defiantly that she wasn't what she needednto hear. … I figure we'venbeen in her room for an hour and a half. Most of the time was spentnwith her crying, and me being there to comfort her. The flow of tearsnhad stopped, and I think Sabree had officially cried until shencouldn't cry anymore. \"You know you havento tell them.\" I say, tracing my fingers along the cuts on her arm. \"I know.\" \"Especially Stacy.nHe really cares about you, you know.\" She takes a shakynbreath, and shakes her head, \"Yeah, but he cares about everyone.\" \"Not the way hencares about you.\" She looks at me,nwith an almost hopeful, but more shocked, glint in her eye. Shit, Inthink I said too much. I shake my last statement off, \"Um, whyndon't you get cleaned up, and I'll meet you downstairs.\" She nods, holdingnher hair back with her hands. Everyone's eyesnlanded one my as soon as I hit the first stair. \"Sid, she okaynman?\" Stacy asked, with that worried Stacy look on his face. \"Yeah, she'snfine, guys,\" I pause, taking a deep breath, \"I told her about…\"nI drift off. They all know what I'm talking about. \"Sid! Why did yountell her that ? That is not she needs to hear!\" Tylernfumes. \"You think I don'tnknow that? Look, she just… ugh.\" I groan. \"I just had to tellnher, okay?\" Sabree's POV Arguing? Great.nYeah, that's exactly what I need to cheer me up. I press mynback against the wall, listening to Tyler fight and scream with Sidnand Stacy. I clear my throat, and place my hand on the stair railing. Tyler's head snapsnup, \"Sabree.\" I pass him an oddnlook, \"Yes...me Sabree. You Tyler.\" He shakes my commentnoff, \"You okay? I mean, you kind of ran off today.\" He questionsnas I slide down the railing, jumping off before I hit the floor. I play with my hair,ntying it up into a ponytail, \"Yeah, I'm fine. Sorry 'bout that,nbro. I just don't like being' around people when I'm pissed offnlike that.\" I take a seat on the couch, between Stacy and Jay. Jay looks around,n\"Shit, bro, how long have we been here?\" Stacy shrugs,nglancing at his watch, \"A few hours, it's almost 1:50.\" \"Fuck, dude. Wengotta get you guys' outta here.\" I gawk at Tyler inndisbelieve, \"Tyler! Dude, it's almost two in the fuckin'nmorning, bro! What happened to Venice not being the safest place atnthis time of night?\" \"Yeah, for you .nNot for these guys, they can handle themselves.\" I open my mouth,nready to argue with Tyler's statement I look over at Josephine,nwho's just getting ready to head to bed herself, \"Hey, JoJo, youncan keep a secret right?\" The Mexican womannnods, \"Well, it wouldn't be the first time I've had to do this,nbut as long as you get these boys out before Mia and Larry get back,nI can keep my mouth shut.\" I smile, \"ThanksnJoJo. Ty, the point is that if they come home this late at night,ntheir parents will flip, and behead them or something like that.nThey'd be better off crashing here for tonight.\" Tyler lets out annaggravated sigh, \"Fine, they can stay here for tonight. But theyncan't stay in the living room. What if Mom and Dad come homenearly?\" \"Ty, our rooms arenfuckin huge. Just one could fit all of them, plus us. So, we'llnjust sleep in your room or something.\" Tyler nods, standingnup, \"Alright, alright. Get your dirty asses upstairs, all of ya.\"nHe begins to herd them all up stairs, but Stacy and I stay behind.n\"You guys comin'?\" I shake my head,n\"Nah. Stace and I are going to stay down here for a while longer.\"nTyler gives me a look, and then grins. I groan. I swear, sometimes Inwonder about that boy. \"Tyler!! Fuck, we're just gunna talk!nJesus Christ!\" I pick up a pillow, and chuck it as hard as I can atnhis head. \"Shit! Kidding,nSabe!\" he shakes his head, running upstairs. I sigh, resting mynhead against the arm of the couch. Stacy just bursts out in laughter,nshaking his head. I feign a chuckle,n\"This is funny to you, Peralta?\" He nods, \"Yeah,nactually, it really is.\" I pick up another pillow, and gently smacknStacy in the arm with it. …. My eyes peeked opennslightly, California rays shine through the window, and cast a shadownfrom the shadow placed in the middle of the living room. Strands ofnlong, blonde hair fall into my face, tickling it gently. I wouldnassume it to be my own hair, but the thi strands intersecting do notnmatch. I might be crazy. Might be. But I feel the warmth of anothernpresence. Not the warmth of a blanket, we're in California fornChrist sakes, but rather of somebody. Tyler runsndownstairs, and shakes me fully awake, \"Sabree, you have like fivenpoint six seconds to get Stacy out of here. Mom and Dad are homenearly for some unexplainable reason.\" Stacy? I fell asleep onnStacy?! Greeeeatttt. \"Sabree? Didn'tnyou hear me? Get Stacy out of here now, or we are toast!\" Tylernshouts, sprinting down the stairs to stall the parentals. \"Um. . .right. Uh.n. .\" I contemplate how to wake this boy up. \"Stacy?\" I press mynhands into his stomach. He jolts up with an 'oof.' \"Thanks for thenwake up call Sabe,\" he rubs his eyes and stretches his magnificentnbeach bod out. \"Thank me laternPeralta. If you don't get outta here stat, me and Ty are dead.\" Stacy pulls himselfnoff the couch, and I trail behind him, searching for a way for him tonget out. Right now, the kitchen window is looking like the only waynout. \"Kitchen, go, go,ngo.\" I whisper, fleeing into the kitchen first, pushing the windownopen. You'd think living in Venice of all places, Mia and Larrynwould have enough sense to put screens over their windows. I guessntheir not worried about their place getting mugged. Oh, well. Theirnignorance just makes it easier for me to run. \"But, Sabe,\" henbegins, as he tries climbing out the window, pushing himself untilnhis feet dangle above the ground. \"Stace, just, ugh.nJust, go. Whatever you have to tell me, just tell me later. If younever want to see me or Tyler again, just please.\" I say, slightlynaggravated. He sighs, but pullsnhimself in a bit more, until he's almost face to face with me. Inhave no idea what he's doing. He doesn't hesitate, pressing hisnlips against my cheek. After the deed was done, he slipped from thenwindow and vanished. I touch my cheek innawe, listening to the lock of the front door click and open.[Chapter 7] Tyler'snPOV \"Sabe, get up.nWe're going to the cove again.\" I inform, pounding on Sabree'sndoor. I don't get a response, I assume she's just sleeping latenat per usual. \"Sabree, get your lazy ass outta bed!\" My handnwraps itself around the door knob, turning it until the door opens. Inwas welcomed into an empty room. The covers on her bed a mess, as I'dnpictured it to be, clothes, clean and dirty alike, scattered on thenfloor.. I've never been in Sabree's room before, but I also nevernpaid attention to unorganized she was for a chick. \"Fuckkk.\" Ingroan, slamming my fists into her wall. She's gone, again. Again.nWhat could have gone wrong this time? She was perfectly fine lastnnight, after Stacy left, after the scare from my parents. If I wouldnhave known they were just coming back so my dad could get hisnbriefcase, Sabree and I would have easily gotten away with hoardingnthe Z-Boys in our house. I kick a fewnarticles of clothing out of my way, leaf through a pile or two to seenif she'd left a note, or anything. No luck there. I give anfrustrated sigh. I tore the sheets off her bed, tossing them to thenfloor. Still no note. My investigation dives deeper, as I dig throughnher drawers. I find some, what I think to be interesting, things.nPictures of her as a little girl, pictures of her with another girlnaround our age, both too stoned to think straight, letters betweennher and some girl named Karlee, letters from her father. I took anseat on her bed, scanning over a few letters collected in my hand.nMany of her fathers' letters trying to convince her to come home,nhow badly he misses her, how sorry he is for hurting her, things ofnthat sort. I pull out annotebook next, and flip through that. I'm surprised by the contentsnof it all. It holds poems, journal entries, little drawings. A newnside of Sabree shines out to me. The side she lets no one see. I readnone of the journal entries, explaining about the first time hernfather had beaten her, the first time he'd gotten her high. Onensentence from a later confession caught my eye. My dad beat menagain today. I hate him. I don't know what I could have done tonmake him so mad. I don't know what I could have done to my mom. Wasnit so horrible that she chose to take Karlee over both of herndaughters? I feel smaller than I really am. I feel like a littlenmouse; an insignificant creature. I always try to get away from mynfather when he takes a swing at me, but I always seem to back myselfninto a corner, like a frightened mouse. No thirteen year old deservesnto be treated like this. I wish I could go back to the foster home. I let the words soaknin my mind. I snap the book shut and toss it back into the drawer.nIt's creepy to see how horribly her father treats her. It's everncreepier to see that she preserves these memories in ink. I shake mynhead, hoping what I just read would come flying out of my ears beforenI continue to the next drawer. In the next drawer,nI pull out a small bag of weed. That doesn't surprise me. What doesnis that she's managed to keep it hidden for so long. The next thingnI pull out is a large shard of glass, blood staining the sharpest tipnof it. \"What the hell?nWhy would she have this lying around?\" I question myself, returningneverything back to its proper spot. I throw the covers back on hernbed, looking for any trace of blood. My mind races back to the daynbefore, when she didn't want to go surfing with us. I search hernroom for the jacket she was wearing that day. She was wearing it lastnnight, too. I turn it inside out, scouring the sleeves for blood. Inpull and trace along the fabric, where it would rub against the skinnon your wrist. My heart stops when I come across dried blood. Mynstomach churns at the mental image I get. I may just be jumping tonconclusions, but Sabree wouldn't hide a wound from us unless it wasnself inflicted. \"No…th-that'sncrazy. Sabree wouldn't do anything like that to herself. She knowsnhow to deal with things better than that.\" I talk myself out ofnthe idea, but know it's a jumble of lies. I keep telling myselfnthat I'm letting my imagination run wild, but that doesn't settlenmy stomach, doing flips, and squirming around inside me. Tony pounds on thendoor, yelling at me, asking me if I'm ready or not. It scares menenough to drop the glass. \"Shit…\" I get down on all fours andnscramble around the floor to find it. Once the glass is back in mynhand, I toss it on her night stand. Tony hollers again,n\"I'm coming!\" I yell, exiting Sabree's room.n\"Okay…Okay...calm down Tyler. You're just being paranoid.nSabree's smarter than that…\" I breathe deeply, repeating thenphrase to myself until I let the boys in, trying to retain my cool. \"Finally! Jesusnwhat the hell?\" Tony asks impatiently, Stacy follows him whilenlaughing. \"Calm down, Tony.nWe won't miss the swells; it's big out there today.\" He says,nand looks around, \"Where's Sabe? She is coming with us, isn'tnshe?\" I shake my head, andnStacy's features shift into a disappointed, almost heart broken,nlook. \"She's not here, man. I don't know where the fuck she is.nNo note, no anything.\" I hear Jay scoff,n\"Who cares about her, man. She'll be fine for fuck's sake.nLet's just go and charge those huge swells before it goes flatnagain. She'll turn up sooner or later.\" In his own way,nJay's right. \"Jack ass here is right. We just have to hit thenwaves. She'll come to us.\" … Stacy's POV After a few hours ofnsurfing, we all go to up to the Zephyr shop. It's practically ournsecond home. Sabree still hasn't show up, but it's still lightnoutside. There is still hope for her appearing. \"Hey, ya littlenmaggots, it's about time you clowns got your asses here.\" Skipnslurs and staggers from the back room. I turn to face him. As usualnhe has a cigarette hanging out of his mouth, and a glass of alchoholnclenched in one fist. \"Hey, Skip.\" Inwave, adding a smile to greet the 'master' as he loved to refernto himself as. He silently counts us, and gives off a confused look. \"There's onlynfive of you grommets today. Where's the other one?\" Tyler shrugs,nleaning against the counter, \"Fuck if we know. She ran off thisnmorning, haven't seen her since.\" Tony chuckles,ntossing a worn out clay wheel up in the air, \"We just gotta thinknlike the chicka. If I were Sabree, where would I be?\" he jokes.n\"Hope she turns up, soon, though. She said she had some shit tontell me.\" My heart sinks,nthinking it could be what happened at the party. But it can't be,nshe told me she told him. I hope she turns up, too, but another partnof me wishes she wouldn't. Thinking back on it, I'm not sure ifnkissing her on the cheek was the best move to make. I think she likesnme. I think I like her. I could swear I like her. Maybe it was justnbad timing? We all form a circlenaround Tony watching the attempted balacning act. Sometimes Inquestion Tony's actions but it's funny to watch him do stuff likenthis. The wheel stays balanced for three, four, five, six secondsnbefore Jay purposly shoves his lanky body into Tony's back. Thenwheel crashes down to the ground. At that moment,nSabree and Biniak burst through the door, laughing like maniacs,npushing their way through our crowd, booking it to the back room.nWhat are they doing? We all watch as a local cops flashes past thenopen door. Sabree poked hernhead out, giggling, \"Is he gone yet?\" I nod, and Sabree andnBiniak come from their hiding spot, laughing harder. \"Dude! Thatnwas fuckin' insane, bro!\" Sabree exclaims, high fiving Biniak. \"Sabe, where havenyou been all day?\" Sabree got out thenlast of her laughs, and shook her head, \"Just fuckin' around with Biniak.\" I look her over onenlast time. Her hair is still damp, falling into controlled waves pastnher shoulders, and she was dressed in nothing but a flimsy pair ofnher pajama shorts, her black hoodie, and her bathing suit lyingnunderneath. \"Yeah, man, we gotnfuckin' high as hell, crashed some gnarly swells, fucked aroundnwith a ' 'hacky sack' until it busted the window of a fuckin'ncop car and that lead us here.\" Biniak explains, and I feel a heatnrise to my cheeks. Sabree, herself,nshrunk down a bit, cursing out Biniak in her mind. I guess I can'tnbe mad at her; she wasn't all over Biniak half way drunk on top ofnbeing stoned. At least, not that I know of. Damn it, Stacy. Stopnthinking like that. Sabree's not that type of girl. Not thatntype of girl…those words echo in my head, and my thoughts travel tonKathy. Kathy wasn't that type of girl, either. I shudder at thenthought, watching as Biniak snoops around for a spare Zephyr tee fornSabe. \"I'll be back.\"nSabree announces, clutching a small bag in her hands, and the blacknZephyr tee Biniak found for her. She stumbles into the back room,nforcing Montoya and Chino out. She returns minutesnlater, tying her tousled beach soaked hair into a sad excuse for anbun. The much too large Zephyr shirt had been secured in a knot innthe back, fitting accordinly to her shape. \"Alright, so,nSabree's here, what now?\" Jay spoke, tapping his foot against thenground, louder and louder each time to signify his patience isnwearing thin. We look to onenanother, and shrug, nothing immediately coming to our minds.nHonestly, I think this is the first time that we have had nothing tondo. On a normal day, we'd be zipping between cars in built up midnday traffic, running from cops after getting busted from an illegalnpool session, or gathering at Tony's house, while we all waited fornhis party to begin. But today wasndifferent somehow. We always had an alternative after surfing. Thenroom stayed silent for a few passing moments, awkwardness filling thenair. Sabree raises hernhand sheepishly, and we all turn our attention to her, \"Let's gonfuck around at the beach and raise some hell for some Vals?\" There was a plan wencould all agree with. We all clamor, flooding out the front door,nwith a final 'see ya Skip' from the six of us. Sabree's POV I don't know hownlong we've been at the beach. I don't even know how long I wasnwith Biniak, but that's just happens when your high; you loose allnyour inhibitions, priorities, and everything that once worried youndisappeared if only for a few hours. That's why I love it; I don'tnhave to worry about anything. Looking back at my life, I think that'snthe only thing I'll ever thank my dad for. As usual, I have myselfnpoised away from the boys, laughing, and running around, kicking sandnat each other, screaming at the Vals that dared take even one step onnthe beach, it was like they turned into little kids again. My footnpops up, resting itself against the decaying wood rail I lean my backninto. It's at least beenna few hours, and for once, Tyler and I are free to rome around withnno strict 9:00 curfew Mia and Larry unfairly brand us with. Mia andnLarry. I refer to them so formally. The foster homes I've been innover the years were nothing compared to Mia and Larry's home.nThey've welcomed me with open arms, watched over me, and haven'tntreated me as some problem child. They see me as an actual teenager,nnot some kid whose father is screwed up enough to beat her, and buynher pot and alcohol. I feel…at home with them, like I belong there.nThe whole thought both terrifies and comforts me at the same time. I'm glad that I'mnnot binded to a curfew tonight. I would hate to miss this view. Ansunset is usually just a sunset to me, but over the cove, in Dogtown,nit's so much more. For once, the ghetto of Santa Monica isn'tnlooked down upon as a city of drugs and hood rats. I close my eyes,nenjoying the last rays of sun beaming against my face. The nearly at itsnend wooden railing shakes behind me under the presence of another'snweight. I crack one eye open to find none other than Stacy Peraltanstanding next to me, squinting slightly as the disappearing raysnshine brightly in his eyes. \"Peralta, whatnbrings you here?\" I ask in a friendly matter. Really, I'mnoverjoyed to have Stacy next to me. I have a feeling things are goingnto get awkward soon; I still haven't reacted to his little presentnto me before he left the other night. In reality, I haven'tnprocessed it myself. I mean, I'm pretty sure I'm attracted tonPeralta, and Stacy isn't the type of guy to pull a bold stunt likenthat and not mean it. Maybe it's not so bold; maybe it's not asnextravagant as I'm thinking it to be, but to me--it's thengreatest thing in the world. He shrugs, \"What,nI'm not allowed to make casual conversation with a friend?\" henjokes right back, nudging me with his elbow gently. \"Of course not.nBecause boys are just so icky to me; they have cooties.\" My voicentakes on a child like twist, and I stick my tongue out at Stacy. \"Ouch, thatnhurts.\" He feigns a distraught look, covering his heart with hisnhand. He and I both laugh, and I let a giggle slip. I'm slightlyndisappointed with it, I only giggle drunk, stoned, both or just plainnout of it. \"Don't sweat it,nkid, you've got good cooties.\" \"Kid?\" He gapesnat me, in total shock. It's all fun and games but if we hadn'tnbeen together, I would have taken it seriously. \"First I havencooties, and now I'm a kid to you?\" he exclaims, movingnhis arms around my waist. His moves are hesitant, so he must by asnweary of this as I am. Not so much as weary, but shocked, this wasnanother daring move on his part. I try to move myself free but henjust pulls me closer to him, just close enough to kiss if that'snwhat he's planning. We both laugh again. \"I should getnbrownie points. I said you have good cooties.\" I laugh, and bit mynlower lip. He sighs in defeat,n\"Alright, fine, brownie points because I have \"good\" cooties.\"nHe forms into fingers into quotation marks and I draw away from him.nWe're both apparent to how this must look to on goers, aka ournfriends. I lean into thenrailing again, raising my fingers to my lips, \"Alright, so, spillnPeralta. You couldn't have come over here just to be with me.\" He shakes his head,n\"Nah. Well, that's a lie. I did come over here to be with you,nbut I guess I do have an alterior motive.\" \"And the truthncomes out,\" I chuckle, bumping into him playfully, \"And thatnmotive would be?\" His face getsnserious and he stares out into the sunset, \"Why didn't you tellnus about your dad? That he wanted you to come home. That you are going home with him?\" I knew that wasncoming, there's no way around it, so I might as well come out andnsay it. \"I don't know…because I didn't want to get toonattached. Because I knew if I told you guys, it'd just make itnharder to deal with than it is already. And I might not be going homenwith him. La- Mom and Dad can take him to court, and if we win, I getnto stay with them.\" I explain, but the truth is leering in the air.nThe side unspoken still lingers in the air, making it quite awkward. Stacy only nods; Inthink that's all he can do. I try to lighten thenmood, but, knowing me, I'll end up saying the wrong thing, and makenStacy even more uncomfortable, \"Why did you kiss me last night?\" I can feel Stacyntense up, despite the small space between us. He doesn't respondnand I know I said the wrong thing, again. I have a horrible habit ofndoing that. His teeth collapsenover his lower lip, contemplating a few seconds longer, like he'snlooking for the perfect answer. I'm no longer looking at him, butninstead our shadows. His shadow shrugs, and he answers simply,n\"Because I wanted to.\" My face falls atnthat moment. Why did it? It should have been the right answer, and itnwas, but why didn't I see it? This should have made me jump out ofnmy skin with joy, the boy I have feelings for has the same feelingsnfor me; this should have been the part where we kiss; the fairy talenending every girl dreams about. But it wasn't. Guilt wells upninside me. I'm a horrible person. All my thoughts trace back to thennight I first began cutting myself, the night of Tony's party. Inhaven't even told Tony about that night, and he thinks I have. Hendoesn't know about my self inflicted wounds. I shake my head,nfighting back tears, \"No. No, you didn't.\" My voice calls out,nsofter than usual, with a slight quiver to it. \"You didn't wantnto kiss me.\" I mutter one last time. \"W-what are yountalking about? Of course I wanted to-\" \"No! You didn't.\"nI scream in a hoarse voice, \"You don't understand, Stace. Youndidn't wanna kiss me, you didn't want to. You don't want tonfeel this way about me; you don't want me to feel this way aboutnyou.\" Stacy's featuresntake on a truly hurt look and he tries to capture my hands in his. Hensucceeds for a few moments, gently rubbing his thumb against my hand,ntrying to calm me down. He presses his forehead against mine, \"Yes,nI do. I want all of that.\" I jerk back fromnhim, tears I can no longer restrict drip down my face, \"No, youndon't. Stacy, you don't get it! I'm a horrible person, I'mnbroken.\" He sighs, trying tonget me closer to him. I know he just wants to help, I know he justnwants to tell me I'm not any of those things, but he just doesn'tnunderstand. Tyler must have seen us, as he comes rushing behind me,nplacing his hands on my shoulders, \"C'mon, Sabree, we gotta getnhome.\" He says, before pushing me in the direction of our house. I think Stacy is thenonly one capable of making me breakdown so easily. I'm a verynemotionally stable person. Mia and Larry had worried glances as Tylernushers me upstairs, questions of if I was okay rising. Tyler hangsnover the railing to inform our parents that I'd be okay, before hencomes up again to attend to me. My eyes burn fromnthe tears, but new tears just add to the pain. He gingerly shuts thendoor behind him. I don't look at him. He doesn't try to saynanything. He doesn't need to. I can tell in the way he carriesnhimself, he knows. About everything. He takes a seat next to me,nrubbing my back. It's been an hour,nand my tear flow starts to let up. Tyler paces around my room now,nhands behind his back, brows furrowed in deep thoughts. It seems likenages before he speaks. \"Sabree, let mensee your arm.\" I knew it. I knew what was coming. But my best betnright now is to play dumb. . . \"My—My arm?\" Instutter, rubbing my upper arm. I've said it a million times, but Inknew he knew about my arms. But how did he find out? I've only toldnSid. . and Sid's the loyal type. The type that wouldn't tell ansecret, even if his life was being threatened. \"Tyler, my arm isnfine.\" He sends me a bonenchilling glare, \"Then why won't you let me see it. Damn. \"Why won'tnyou believe me when I say it's fine!?\" Just give up Sabree. Henknows, you know he knows. My augments are pointless at this time. \"If it is fine,nthen there shouldn't be a problem with you showing me.\" The tonenof his voice was weak from arguing with me. He grabs my arm gently,nforcing up my sleeves, reveling torn up flesh. This isn't how Inwanted him to find out. I wanted him to hear it from me. I expect himnto yell and scream at me; tell me how stupid I already know I am.nInstead, his fingers brush over the ragged cuts. The both of us satnthere in silence, not daring to speak. By this time, my eyes stingnlike hell from crying so much, and all I really want to do is go tonsleep and forget today ever happened. But I know I can't do that.nLife's not so easy as just to go to bed and forget about all thenbad things that happened in your life, wishing so badly for them tongo away. I hear Larry's voice from down stairs, for both me and Ty.[Chapter 8] Tyler'snPOV There my parentsnwere, sitting side by side in the cloud white chair, in theirnrightful place. My mothers hand interlocks with my dads. This can'tnbe good. Nothing is ever good when my parents sit like this. My dadnsucks in a breath, removes his glasses, polishes them on his shirt,nand pushes them back on his nose before my mother spoke, \"Well…wenspoke to Paula again today. And, we have good news and bad news.\" I spot Sabree out ofnthe corner of my eye, she pales up in an instant. I reach out for hernhand, giving it a light squeeze. My father hesitates before hencontinues. \"The good news,\"nmy father begins, \"is that we have scheduled a court date.\" Sabree's shouldersnslump forward as she releases the breath she's been holding in. Inlook at my parents, tilting my head to the side. They let the goodnnews absorb into our brains. \"But, the bad newsnis that if Rick, that's Sabree's father, pays the child supportnhe's been issued before the court date, in two weeks, thatnterminates that court date. . . and he gets to take Sabree home withnhim.\" I feel my face flushnwith anger, and Sabree flees the scene. \"That's bullshit. That isnso unbelievably fucked up!\" My anger gets the better off me, itnusually does. My mother gives me a surprised look. Her precious Tylernwould never speak to her in such a way. My father isnoutraged by my language. \"Tyler James! Do not raisenyour voice to your mother, or me! Do you understand that? I knownyou're upset about this but -\" \"Upset? You'rendamn right I'm upset about this!\" \"But, there isnnothing your mother, Paula, or I can do about it. Believe me, ifnthere was something more we could do, we would do it,\" My fathernexplains, calming down slightly. He rubs his temples, removing hisnglasses as he looks up at me. I keep my angry gazenon my parents, before I shake my head and run out after Sabree. …. \"Sabree?\" Incalled, the nights' silence my response. Damn it, where could shenbe? I had checked all of her obvious hide outs. She wasn't there.nC'mon Sabe…where are you? I think to myself, placing my hands onnmy knees, trying to catch my breath. The words she'dnthrown at Stacy earlier rung in my ear. She called herself broken.nBroken? No, not Sabree. She's stronger than any person I'venknown, even after all the unlucky hands she's been dealt. I'm a dead man fornwhat I had said back at home, for just running off like that. Fucknit, though. I don't care, this is Sabree we're talking about. It's unfair hownthe world works sometimes. You could say that I've grown attachednto Sabree, but that would be an understatement. Sabree's becomenmore than just some kid to me. She's family to me now. I trust hernmore than I trust Stacy, Sid, Jay or Tony. Hell, I even trust hernmore than my own parents. She can't be ripped away from us soneasily. She's happy here. She's finally in a good environment. I groan tiredly, mynsearch has got to be useless. After all the times Sabree's run off,nyou would think I'd learn to stay put, and let her come to me. Instretch, locking my fingers behind my head as I start heading backnhome, my hopes of her coming back soon high. Sabree's POV My arms fold acrossnmy body, to barricade myself from the slight chilling breeze. This isnCalifornia. . .it shouldn't be this coldnat night. I figure I put anfair distance between our house, considering I'm all the way bynJay's apartment. I can hear music, Jimi Hendrix, to be specific,nboom from outside the decaying apartment complex. It's one o'nclock in the morning. He must be having a party, I can smell thenalcohol from here. I shake my head, passing his rowdy soundingnapartment. Tyler didn'tnfollow after me. Okay, maybe he did. In fact, I'm more thannpositive he did. His Spidey senses must have started tingling rightnafter I bolted from our house. But, assuming he has gone out of hisnway to find me, he's doing a terrible job of it. Poor Tyler. Henmust get tired of chasing after me when I up and leave, all sorts ofnpissed off. I'm not so muchnpissed as I am. . .upset. I always knew my father would come afternme. But I didn't realize how. . .easily he could. I never thoughtnit was so simple to get ripped away from a good life. Damn it. I take a look aroundnonce more, taking in my surroundings. I close my eyes, and wonder ofninto a randomly picked direction. …. I need a betternsense of direction. I've been wandering around for about an hour ornso and I think I'm lost. I bit down on my lower lip, smoothing downnmy hair with my hand. I'm pathetic. I'm lost, cold, and I couldnbe going back to my dads for good. These past eightnmonths have been a blur to me. A blur with some good parts, some bad.nThankfully, my share of good times outweighs the bad since moving innwith Tyler. But, I know worse has yet to come. If I know my father,nhe will get that money. I don't know how he does it, but every timenI think I'm safe, every time I think I won't ever have to go backnto him again, he finds away to pull me back. Being taken back bynmy father was the furthest thing from my mind at the moment, yet itnmanaged to push its way past its way all my other thoughts, andnloiter around in the front of my mind. I close my eyes, and leannagainst the wall behind me trying to push the thought away. The thoughts of myndad are erased and replaced by thoughts of Stacy and what had almostnhappened. What would have happened if I hadn't have freaked out onnhim. I tuck a piece of hair behind my ear, shifting my weight fromnone foot to the other. I know that Stacy is completely serious aboutnwhat he said, about how he feels and I'm a fool for trying tonconvince myself otherwise. If I would have justnlistened to him and push my thoughts aside, maybe we would havenkissed. I sigh, flustered with myself. The nights quite, other thannthe occasional group of drunks, and crickets chirping. This went on for anwhile, the silence is enough to kill me. It was just so loud. Thatndoesn't make any sense, I know, but it's true. Maybe I reallynhave gone crazy, as now silence is loud to me, and I swear that Inhear skateboard wheels faintly approach me. I try to shake thenfeeling away, but I hear the wheels again. I shift my weightnonto both feet and drift away from the wall, listening as the wheelsnget louder. I still see no one, until my name is called out fromnbehind me. I jump, obviously startled. The voice that called my namenchuckles, and I hear foots steps behind me. \"So, tell me,nSabree,\" I feel a hand clasp over my shoulder, \"what the hell arenyou doing out here so late at night, chicka?\" There is only onenguy that calls me, only would guy I allow to call me, chicka. Andnthat's Tony Alva. The one Z-boy I befriended the quickest. I don'tnknow if it was the fact that I smoked, drank, or did whatever I did,nbut we just clicked. I fall back againstnthe wall. There's no use lying to him. He was going to find outneventually. Then I remember the party, how Stacy thinks I told him. Inmight as well. I draw in a breath, \"Alright, Tony, I have a lot tontell you, so shut up and listen.\" I exhaled slowly, and told himnall about my dad, and how he could take me back if he paid childnsupport within two weeks, about the party. He stands, trying tontake everything in. About my dad, I mean. He shakes his head andnlaughs, \"The party? Shit, man, I already knew about that.\" \"W-wait…what?nYou already knew about that?!\" I snap, fighting back the urge tonstrangle him. He just nods, \"Yeah,nI didn't wanna say nothin'.\" I bite my tongue,n\"Okay, so say I didn't remember the party, would you have toldnme?\" He shrugs, rollingnhis skateboard back and forth underneath his foot, \"Maybe,\" henshoves his hands deep in his pockets, \"I don't know if pissingnStacy off would be worth it. For either reason.\" I have to agree withnhim. Stacy, even though you can barely tell, doesn't de-wait,neither reason? My head falls to the side, \"…What do you meann'either reason'?\" \"Even if wenweren't trashed, I woulda tried to kiss you, anyway. But, forget itnnow. Anyways, are you, like, okay? You had one hell of a break downnthe other night. Jayboy even asked if you were okay.\" \"Ha, right. I havena hard time believing that Jay Adams asked if I was alright. We cannhardly stand each other.\" \"Believe what younwanna believe, chicka,\" He insists and I fiddle absent mindedlynwith my hair. Tony's hand flies out to grab my own, yanking mynwrist close to his body. Shit. My cuts. I didn't think I was goingnanywhere, I didn't grab a sweater. \"Sabree….whatnthe fuck?\" he looks at me in a stern manner, gesturing to the fivencuts presenting themselves almost proudly on my wrist. I try to jerknmy wrist back, but Tony's strength over powers my own. I can't lie my waynout this situation, either. Tonight is just not my night. With anheavy sigh Tony's grip lets up. I'm able to slip my wrist awaynfrom him, letting if fall limp to my side. I push my bangs back usingnboth hands, \"Look, Tony…\" \"But you can not tellnStace,\" He remains quiet, staring down the ground, taking in thenstory. I pretty much confessed the story of my life to Tony Alva,nwithin twenty minutes. \"Alright chicka. .nbut you'd best be tellin' Stace yourself.\" I nod, \"I'llntell him. . .but when the times right.\" He shakes his head,nunsure of his next actions. He gets ready to leave, but I stop him.nI'm lost and I need to get back to the house. \"Um, I'm kind ofnlost, so…\" He looks back at menand mocks me with laughter, \"C'mon.\" … Stacy's POV It's been almost anweek, and we haven't heard anything from Tyler or Sabree. We takenthis to be a sign of better things to come. We all crowd Tyler'snliving room, waiting on Sabree to come out. \"Sabree, come on!\"nTyler pounds on the door, trying his best to force Sabree out of thenbathroom. Sabree responds with a 'Fuck you, Tyler' or she throwsna foreign object at him. It's actually very funny to see the waynthose two bicker. Granted that Tyler always walks away, verynfrightened by Sabree's sharp tongue and quick temper. She usednthose well in combination. I laugh silently andnshake some blonde hair out of my face. Tyler, by now, is verynflustered with Sabree, as he stalks away from the door. \"Alright,nPeralta. You're up. You try to get her out of there. She's justnin a skirt for God sakes.\" A thunk soundsnbehind the door, \"You try wearing band-aid sized skirt and see howncomfortable you feel in it!\" I exhale and approach the door. Things weren'tnquite the same between Sabree and I since her break down last week.nIt was still awkward, to be honest. I softly rap at the door with mynknuckle, \"Come on, Sabe. I'm sure you look alright.\" I hear anstamp of her foot, a sign she's given in, and smile lightly tonmyself. Within seconds, shenscuttles out, with a pouty look on her face. \"Why do I listen tonyou?\" she jokes, hitting my stomach gently. Dressed in a white,nand, yes, band-aid sized mini skirt, and a black zip-up jacket, shenlooks good. Well, to me, she always looks good no matter what, butntoday, I think that even Jay would agree. \"Now, why do younlisten to Stacy, and not me?\" Tyler asks, curious as to why Sabreenyelled and threw things at him, but came right out when I asked. \"'Cause Stacyndidn't try getting me out. He complimented me, and that alwaysnracks up good karma points on a girl. Really, you should take somenlessons from Stacy here.\" Tyler huffs, rollingnhis eyes. …. Damn it…Sabree'snnot back yet. What could be so damn important that it has to take Mianand Larry this long to tell her? I catch myself thinking, tapping mynfingers on the edge of the pool, as the rest of the guys skatenaround. I can't move around like that when I'm this deep innthought. I'm more the certain that they're all as anxious as I amnfor Sabree to come back. The sandals she worentoday let me know she was approaching from behind. I stood up,nbrushed myself off, and turned in her general direction. She doesn'tnlook so good… Sabree's POV As always, Stacy isnthe first to greet me. Normally, I'm more than happy to see him butntoday, just the sight of him broke my heart. Well, added to thenbreaking, anyway. Damn, damn, damn. The heart broken feeling insidenof me slowly wells to a strong hatred for not just Stacy, but thenother Dogtown skaters. I hate them because I knew that they just makenthis harder than it already is. I hate them because we've becomensuch a close group, and they've all become brothers to me. Yes,neven stupid obnoxious Jay Adams. Okay, okay. It's not them I hate.nIt's not their fault. It's mine, for becoming so damn attached tonthem. I quickly wipe awaynthe tears with the palm of my hand and fake a smile. This is thenfirst time in a long while I've had to put on a charade and makenevery body believe I'm as happy as ever. \"Sabree. Finally,\"nhe sees through my plastic smile, as usual. He reaches out to brushnmy cheek with his fingertips, as his face falls with concern, \"Sabe,nwhat's wrong?\" My eyes close, and Intake the feel of his hand against my skin, \"I just came to saynbye.\" I stutter, fighting back salty tears, \"My dad got thenmoney, guys. I'm going back home.\" Everyone's crowded aroundnStacy and I, with looks of disappointment. \"But, I don't have tonroll my own joints anymore. That's a plus.\" How morbid of me tonbe cracking a joke at a time like this. I see Tyler, angernwelling up inside him. Tyler's not the type to blow up in front ofneveryone in their dog, he's always in control of his anger. Henkicks the ground and storms off. \"Tyler!\" Sidnshouts. Watching Tyler walk away like that. . .my heart broke innhalf. He seems more upset about this than I am. Unaware of my ownnactions, I collapse into Stacy's chest, silent tears creating anriver down my face. I feel his arms enclose around me, his warmth. Inneed that. After everything that's happened. I'm not embarrassednto admit it, for once. I need Stace, right now. And I need Tyler, andnTony and Sid, and. . . Jay. It baffles me though. How could he sitnhere and comfort me? After everythingnI've put him through. All the secrets left untold. All the thingsnhe's eventually going to find out about me. But still, here he is,nStacy Peralta, giving everything he has to still see me in the samenlight. \"Go see ifnTyler's okay,\" is the last thing he says before resting his chinnatop my head. Stacy's POV I knew it. Inexpected this. What I didn't expect though was for Sabree to fallninto my chest, asking for comfort. Instead of pushing us all awaynlike she would normally do. It's. . .surreal to see Sabree in thisnstate. I want to kiss her.nA real kiss, not an uncertain peck on the cheek. I want to kiss hernso bad. Tony would have. But, that's Tony we're talking about.nHell, even Sid, of all people would kiss her. I can't though, it'dnfeel like I was taking advantage of her. I couldn't stand to feelnlike that. So I'll standnhere until the time is right, giving her all the time she needs toncry, vent, whatever she needs to do to be okay. The moments seemed tonpast like a year by the time she had pulled away, and looked up at menwith a tear stained face. \"I have to getnhome and pack.\" Topnof Form Bottomnof Form[Chapter 9] SabreenPOV The first nightnback… I think, sitting angrily in the haze of smoke emittingnfrom my dad's and Karen's joints. They're stupid. Thinking theyncould fool me with their, 'Welcome home, baby, we sure missed you.nThings are going to be different now' dinner. Different my ass. Ifnthings we're going to be different, they wouldn't be stoned outnof their fucking minds right now. I take a deep breath, choking onnthe amount of weed-smoke clouding the air, thinking back to earlier. I sat silently,nbitterly watching my idiot parents coo back and forth to each othernabout how great it was to have me home. The salad on my platenremained untouched., I only stabbed at the lettuce leaves to shufflenthem around my plate to make it look like I had eaten something. Inwas brooding. I was in a brooding mood, but you'd be in a broodingnmood, to, if you were unfairly pulled from happiness to be suckednback into hell with your drunk excuse for a father. \" Oh, Sabe, it'snso nice to have you home!\" Karen cooed, a certain cheapness justndripping from her voice. She reaches a bony hand out to caress mynarm. I jerked away,ncalling her a hussy under my breath. She must have caught it. Her face fellninto fake puppy dog eyes and she glanced at my father. Just watchingnher made my stomach churn in ways I didn't know was possible. Mynfather shot me a glare, but went on with his dinner. Something hadnapparently happened while I was gone, because the apartment wasnslightly bigger and neater than I remember. I start to think thatnmaybe my dad had gone to work or something big of that sorts, butnthen I remembered that that was the old Rick. The Rick that actually loved his daughter. The Rick that didn't beat hisndaughter senseless for no reason. That charade wasnover now. Things had turned as I expected them to be, my dad andnKaren had doubled over in laughter because the stupid clock ticked. Inhate this. \"Sabe, baby,nc'mon. What, you're too good to smoke up with your old man now,neh?\"My father crawls over to me, puffing on his joint right in mynface. \"I'm sorry,n\"dad\", but I can't talk right now. I'm too busy hating younBut try again later.\" I spit, forcing him away from me. He justnchuckles and crawls his way back over to me. He puts a hand on menknee, and slides his hand up to my thigh. I haven't had a chance tonchange yet. But damn, I wish I did. \"Get the fuck away from me!\"nI scream, shoving my foot in his face. He shakes his head,ntrapping my wrist in his hand, \"C'mon, sweetheart, I just wannancatch up a bit. I haven't seen you in forever.\" He grins antwisted grin, pulling the joint from his mouth. He inhales until thentip of the joint glows red, and stamps the lit end into my arm. I wince, biting backnhowls of pain as he repeats this action, two, three more times. … An hour later, andnI'm still stuck in the same fucking place, nursing the burn woundsnon my arm. Injury count for the night: four. The three wound marks,nand a black eye. For once, though, I wasn't the subject of mynfathers anger. Drugs does funky shit to people, I'm not going tonlie. Tonight, the drugs had chosen to make my parents engage in anfist fight. I'd had tried breaking it up. My effort resultednin my fathers elbow banging into my eye as he went to take a swing atnKaren, and it sent my flying back into the wall. The impact was hardnenough to add a nice concussion to that list. I pull myself out ofnthe chair, and tip toe into the bedroom to see if they were still atnit. Eventually, they're fight had shifted into their room. As I expected, theynwere collapsed on top of each other, empty beer bottles littering thenlinoleum floor. The both of them combined have enough alcohol inntheir system to keep them passed out for the next decade. I'm notnsticking around for this. I haven't evennbeen home for a full day, yet I have a full days beating. I slip outnof the front door with as little hassle as possible. Yes, I know, Incould get caught. Yes, I know my parents could wake up at any secondnnow. But I say fuck it. I'll get the same beating for somethingnelse if I don't get it from getting caught leaving my house. oo The new apartment isnpretty far away from any of the boys' houses and I know I'm boundnto get lost again. But it's all worth it to be out for just a fewnhours. I just wish I was closer to Stacy's house… I sigh. Really, thisnis the only place close enough? I take a deep breath and rap on thendoor. Jay's POV \"Jay, baby, go seenwhose at the door!\" My mom laughs, carrying around a bottle ofnbooze in her hand. It's a habit of hers to wobble around thenapartment in a drunken state. I shove one hand innmy pocket and open the door. On my door step is the last person Inexpect to see other or anywhere near my house. \"I'm sorry. Indon't even know what I'm doing here. It's just. . .this wasnthe only place close enough.\" Sabree stammers, looking like she hadnpurposely come to the wrong place. \"JB, who's yournfriend?\" My mom asks, setting her chin on my shoulder as she hugsnme from behind. She's as extra drunk tonight. Another fight withnDonnie means another shot of vodka. I sit there and looknat Sabree for a few minutes, \"Sabree,\" I mutter under my breath,npulling her into our dim lit apartment. … The silence was kindnof irritating at first, but we got over it. I stare intently asnSabree pulls back her blonde hair to show me her newest battle scar.nI wince a bit, \"Shit, man.\" Not even I get that fucked up whennI'm messin' around. She nodded slowly,nthen pulled up her black sweater sleeve to show me the burn marks.nRight over the cut marks. I'd finally convinced Sid to tell me whatnwas up with Sabree. Sid tells me everything, anyways. It's a good thingnI look out for him, I guess. Curiosity got the better of me, but I'mnalways in other peoples' shit. I look at my mom, who was on hernthird round for the night. \"Mom,\" I reach out to grab my momsnthink wrist, \"Sabree\" I say and my mom goes onto introducenherself. \"Philane Adams.\"nShe shakes Sabree's hand then stalks off again. I shake my head. \"Yeah. .she ain'tnmuch. But she's all I got.\" She shrugs, \"Atnleast she tries, dude.\" Damn it, she'snright. Maybe it's just because I'm stubborn as a fuckin mule, butnI hate it when people are right. Especially Sabree. I know it'snbecause we don't get along. I change subject. Talking about my momnis a touchy subject for me sometimes. 'She's crazy, Jay.'nDonny's smug face pops into mind. She's only crazy because ofnyou, you bastard. \"So, what'sngoing with you and Peralta?\" I ask, and stare at her. Her face goesnred. I grin my stupid grin because I know I embarrassed her. Damn Inreally am a jackass, but whatever. \"C'mon, I've seen the waynthe dude looks at you.\" \"Fuck you, Adams!\"nShe snaps, trying her best to bite back a smile. \"And, if you mustnknow, we always get close to kissing and I freak out or something ornsome body interrupts us.\" She puts an emphasis on 'body'nand violently shoves me off my mattress. \"Hey! Be nice tonthe jackass who's letting you stay here for the night!\" I getnready to shove her back and she laughs, climbing off the mattressnbefore I get a chance to retaliate.. \"I'm sorry, arenwe actually having a conversation?\" She asks, shielding her facenfrom the pillow I've thrown at her. I chuckle a bit,n\"Well fuck me hard and call me Jay, we are. That dumbass Tyler wasnright. Fuck him, then.\" Instead of chuckingnthe pillow at me, like I half expected her to, she tucks it under hernchin, wrapping her arms around it, \"I hate it when he's right.\" \"Yeah, tell menabout it…the fucker. And, I guess you're okay…\" I trail offnin a joking manner, and she gasps in fake shock. \"Was that annalmost compliment from Jay Adams?\" I smirk, running anhand through my hair, \"Yep. Well, it's late and you're kindanbeat up so just take my bed for tonight and I sleep on the couch.\" \"But Jay-\" shentries to argue against my offer. \"Hey…shut upnbefore I change my mind.\" … \"Foster girl, yanlittle maggot, get up!\" I say, softly placing my foot on her side,ngiving her a good shake. She groans, huggingnthe pillow closer to her chest before she reaches out and strikes menwith it. \"Fuck off, Adams.\" She spat, sitting up slowly, shovingnme over as she did. \"Jesus you'renviolent for a chick.\" She shrugs myncomment off, piling my blankets onto the mattress, \"We have to stopnat my apartment so I can get changed.\" My brows furrow innconfusion, \"But I thought you wanted to get away from yournfolks…won't they, you know, catch you or whatever?\" \"Nah, they'renboth piss drunk and they'll probably stay that way for, like, thennext week.\" \"Whatever.\" … Her apartmentncomplex isn't far from mine. It probably just seems that way at twono clock in the morning. \"Stay out herenand if I say run, then run.\" She orders before she pushes the doornto her apartment open, the floor boards creaking as she takes hernfirst step in. With a shrug, I leannagainst the wall, shoving both hands deep in my pockets. I won't benout here for long, for a chick, she gets ready pretty fast. WithnKathy, it's like I gotta wait a fuckin' decade for her to benready. And when I tell her to hurry up, she throws a bitch fit. \"Okay, so, wherenwe going?\" she asks, pulling the hood of her black zip-up jacketnover her head, hiding her hands in the pockets. \"Zephyr.\" Shenwalks in front of me, and I give her a light push. This is weird, beingnwith Sabree, actually talking to her, not arguing. She has tonfeel as slightly disturbed as I am. Just a few weeks ago we couldn'tnbare to be in the same room as each other, but now we're actingnlike we've been friends for years. Sabree's POV \"Chicka!\" Tonynlaughs, drawing me into a bear hug with his buff, Mexican arms. \"Tony!\" I laugh,nmocking him in a way, returning his hug. But my hugs are no match fornthe likes of Tony Alva. Yeah, I guess I'm pretty damn happy to seenthe fur ball. \"Stace, do you seenwhat I see?\" Tyler gapes. I'm assuming he's gaping at the factnthat I, Sabree Thomas, was walking with Jay Adams. Surprise,nSurprise. I think looking over at Jay. \"Yeah…she justnshowed up at my place last night.\" They all take turnsngawking. I sigh. Okay, maybe this was an odd sight to see, me andnJay walking together, not arguing but I don't think the situationnneeds this much attention. It's annoying. I pull of the hood of mynjacket, and shake my ash blonde hair away from my face to show themnmy blow to the forehead. Their looks of awe turn to looks ofndevastation. Maybe I have antwisted sense of humor, but I love freaking them out like this. Atnleast it gets them to shut up about me and Jay. \"No, no, you guysnthis one was an accident. See, I was trying to break up this fightnbetween my dad and his girlfriend. He was going to hit her, I triednto stop him but his elbow hit me and sent me flying into the wall.nSo, it's okay. The concussion is already going away.\" Tyler pales a littlenand I stifle a few chuckles, \"Ty, man, I was kidding about thenconcussion dude.\" So, I lied it's not like he has to knownI really do have a concussion. He looks pissed offnbeyond all reason but only for about five seconds. Tyler can't staynmad at me. \"Anyway, how'd you get out? Won't your dad knownyou're gone? Are you okay?\" The questions just keep coming and Inhave to smack him on the arm to get him to shut the hell up. \"Snuck out, nonhe's drunk enough to be passed out for fuckin' year, and yes I'mnokay. Stop worrying! I mean, damn! It's great that you'renconcerned but, Jesus, just chill, dude!\" He throws his armsnabove his head. \"I give up!\" He cries. Good, he knows when tonstop before I have to make him. He's a smart kid. Smarter than thenfoster kids who try to fuck with me. \"Okay so are wengoing to skate or what?\" … In all the buzznabout me being okay and all that good stuff, Stace and I barley had anchance to talk, which is what I assume we're doing now. The walk isnsilent, other than my occasional playful bumping into him. He even went so far as to put his arm around my shoulders to pull me closernto him. We walk down to his car. I pull myself on thenhood of his car, but he leans against the bumper, watching as the sunnslowly sets. I like being around him as the sun sets. It mellows thenmood out, eases the tension for the both of us. He sighs, putting onnthat 'Stacy' look of his. It's a good cross between a brood andna pout. Nothing good ever comes from that look, it only shows up whennhe's really upset by something, i.e. me in this case. \"Whyndidn't you tell me that you cut yourself? More importantly, whynwould you do something like that to yourself? Do you even realize hownstupid that is? Hurting yourself like that?\" I don't answernright away but keep my gaze focused on the gravel in front of meninstead. He always gets irritated when I don't answer importantnquestions like this. But, how did he find out? He hasn't even seennmy wrist since I started. No bodies told him as far I know. He folds his armsnacross his chest and stalks away from his car, a familiar cold firenburning in his perfect baby blue eyes. I look down at my hands neatlynfolded in my lap and bite my lower lip. If anybody deserved to knownwhat I was doing to myself its Stacy. He should have been the firstnone I told… \"Stacy!\"I jumpnoff his car and jog after him. \"Stacy, please, just listen. I'mnsorry….I was going to tell you. Just when the time was right.\" \"There is neverngoing to be a right time to tell me something like that Sabree!nYou're hurting yourself and I can't do a damn thing about itnbecause I don't even know that you're doing it! I would haventhought that I would have been the first person you told…\" Hentrails off, trying his best to remain collected. But the look in hisneyes says something else. He's right…he's absolutely right. I'mnat a loss for words because there's nothing I can say to make notntelling him right. I fold my arms across my chest, and look down atnmy feet, swallowing a rising lump in my throat. What are youndoing?! Say something to him, you stupid bitch! Stacy is great fornyou so just get over it and say something! The tiny voice, whichnhas a name, I've come to find out, screams, pounding the warningninto my brain over and over and over again. \"B-but, how didnyou find out?\" I ask, meekly. Like a question like that matters atnthis point in time. This whole situation I've gotten myself intonspurs emotions that I didn't even know I had in me. But also,nsparks some familiar emotions. Emotions of desertion. I've onlynfelt that emotion one other time in my life, when my mother had takennmy sister and left me with my father. Emotions of love, I also feltnthat once. But look how that turned out, the signs of affectionnreplaced by black and blue bruises. Stacy wouldn't do that though.nThe urge to cry is enough to bring me to my knees by now. My reason for cryingnwouldn't exactly be found right away. I'd be crying over beingntaken back to my dad's, over possibly losing Stacy. Or not losing Stacy, and knowing that he loves me enough to stick by menno matter how badly I fuck up, or how fucked up my fathernmakes me. It's him whondoesn't answer this time. Things have gone from bad to worse withnfive seconds time. I do lose Stacy, there's no doubt that I deservento. Stacy Peralta, whose never done anything for his selfish needs,nor hurt another person in his life, needs someone who won't hidensomething like this from him. I don't deserve Stacy Peralta. Notnone bit. Game over. I shakenmy head, disappointed in myself and stalk away from Stacy. He'sndone with me, no second chances. Just done. But, as always, he provesnme wrong with his next action. He stops, peering into my eyes beforenhe places his hands on either side of my face. I gulp. Normally I'mnnot aware of how. . .short I am. But in the presence of six footnsomething Stacy Peralta. . . well, he makes me feel shorter than Inreally am. Without hesitation,nhe kisses me, his lips gentle and warm against mine. The kiss wasnshort. . .but meaningful . He gives me a half smile, laying hisnforehead against mine. \"Stacy…,\" Inbreath, \"My life has been a wreck since I was eight year old. I'venbeen let down by pretty much everyone. I'm more fucked up then younknow.\" He licked his lips,nnodding slowly, keeping his hands placed on either side of my face,n\"I know. I know Sabe. I don't plan to add my name to that list.nI care about you, Sabree. A lot. And you are the last person I wantnto let down.\" I don't know whatnit is about Stacy. I don't know how he can commit himself to be sonloyal. But, no matter how he does it, I'm grateful for it. We kiss one morentime. The kiss was long and by no means a kiss by some guy looking tonget some. Stacy could never be like that.. It was a sentimental kissnwith a lot of meaning behind it. Meaning only Stacy Peralta seemed tonknow. When we parted, henwrapped his hands around my own, entwining our fingers, \"I don'tnwanna go back there Stace…\" I breathed out, falling into hisnchest, as I'd done yesterday. It pained him to saynthis, but it was practically inevitable, \"You have to, Sabree.\" It hurt but thentruth was the truth. Sometimes the truth just wasn't pretty, thatnwas proven by the fact that the choice to go back was no longer mynown. If I had a choice, it would be to stay with Tyler's family,nwhich have in some odd, yet touching, way had become my own, staynhere with the boys, who have become my brothers. Jay Adams nownincluded. The thought hadn't settled easily for either of us, afternalmost a year of sniping at each other but it was another one ofnthose inevitable truths of the world. \"I know…but notnyet.\" Stacy jumped at thisncomment, drawing away from me. I wanted nothing more than to make himncome back to me, but judging by the expression on his face, he had anrather brilliant idea, \"My parents are at some real estatenconference in San Diego, so I'm by myself for the rest of the week.nStay with me tonight.\" As wonderful as thatnwould be, the way that came out just hadn't sounded right. People,nmainly our dumbass friends, would assume the worst. He blushed,nshaking his head. \"That came outnwrong. Just…stay with me before you have to go back. Nothing'sngoing to happen.\" He promises me. I believe him. I believe himnsimply because I know he would never lie to me. So we left thenZephyr shop without explanation .Our escape was unnoticed and quitenninja-like, if I do say so myself, and I steadied myself in the armsnof the boy who never will never ask me to be what he needs, but willnlet me exist as I am. Flashbacks of thenday played in my mind; he leaned over and kissed me and kissed himnback. Then our eyes met and it was like we just knew. So we smilednand kissed again--it was perfect.[Chapter 10] Stacy's POV I woke up halfnexpecting Sabree's hair to be blinding me as it had been when wenfell asleep last night. I swear, I had meant to get Sabree into hernown bedroom, her own bed, instead of out here, on a lumpy couch. Wenjust got caught up in. . .talking. In fact, I expected Sabree to benpropped up against me. Instead I can'tnfind her. \"Sabree?\" I call, peeking into the kitchen. Surenenough, there she was. Standing on tip toe on a chair, trying tonremove something from the top shelf of the kitchen cabinet. From mynstand point, it looks like a box of pancake batter, but whatever shenwas trying to retrieve was the least of my worries. Sabree wasn't ancomplete klutz, but she has her moments. Take now, fornexample. The was starting to wobble and if things went the way Inenvisioned them, she'd topple of the chair any second now. I sigh,napproaching her quietly, as not to add insult to injury, and slip mynarm around her waist to brace her back. My other arm slides under hernlegs. \"Do you reallynwant to hurt yourself more than you already have?\" I laugh, takingna step back from the chair. Last night was great night for Sabree'snklutzy nature. Last night, she'd been leaning against the car doornand fell right out when I opened it for her. And then, she smackednherself straight into my door before I'd gotten a chance to unlocknit. \"Now,\" shenpauses, poking an accusing finger into my chest, \"before you go andnmake fun of my shortness, you should know to blame genetics.\" Shensays simply. The box of pancake mix comes clattering down, givingnSabree quite the scare. She slides herself out of my arms and kicksnthe box over to my stove. I shake my head,nwatching as she flees from my grasp. \"I didn't know you couldncook.\" \"Well…there'sna lot of things you don't know about me. Like,\" she says, in anvery matter of fact-ly tone, \"Up until…well, today. To the age ofnsixteen and half, I'm afraid of ducks. And garden gnomes.\" Ducks? Gardenngnomes? I'm not sure if I want to know the story behindnthat. I know I shoudn't laugh, cause its just rude. But hernadmitting her childhood fears to me was just so cute. It just madenher glow. \"And my cookingnskills are limited to pancakes and cereal.\" She shakes her head inndisappointment before dragging the chair she'd been standing on tonthe table to sit down. I follow suit, pulling out a chair next tonher, watching as she combed her fingers through her hair, nonchalantly. \"So tell me morenabout Stacy Peralta. Your parents must be so proud to have such anwell behaved kid like you.\" The subject of mynparents. . . no one really asks me about them, so I never know whatnto say. There wasn't much to tell anyways, other than the factnthat the both of them are real estate agents and gone all the time. \"Well, my mom isnalways gone selling a house in some other part of California, my dadnusually goes with her. He likes to drink. . more than he should. Theyndon't care too much for my skateboarding.\" I finish and look upnat her. I must have hit a nerve with talking about my dad. She'snall fidgety, playing her with hair and face. \"Yeah. I'venbeen down that road. Stace, you're a good kid, and you've gotnnothing to complain about.\" Once she let hernhands fall, I capture them in my own, gently rubbing my thumb on thentop of her hand. I look at her very seriously and make sure her eyesnwere locked onto mine, \"No one deserves what you have to gonthrough, Sabree. I swear I'm going to do everything in my power tonprotect you.\" My promise gets anlittle smile out of her before she goes into another confession,n\"Stace…I'm sorry for that day at the beach. For freaking outnand screaming at you when you told you had wanted to kiss me. I justnassumed that you couldn't possibly be in love with a broken person.nLet's face it, Stacy, you're perfect and you deserve someonenperfect.\" I sigh. How can Inpossibly get through to her? How can I make her realize thatnperfection is the last thing I'm looking for? She's so difficultnat times. Explaining this to her was not going to be easy withoutnmaking it sound like I didn't care about her at all, but I supposenI have to take a stab at it… \"Sabree, look, Indon't...I don't care about perfection. I don't care about whatngoes on at home...I care about you. And I promise, I'm going to doneverything I can to protect you.\" She remains silent.nI don't think Sabree knows how to reply to something like this. Indon't think she's heard it before. But the sparkle innher eye gave off the sign that she knows I'm speaking honestlynfrom my heart. She only smiles and places kiss on my forehead,n\"Thanks kid…I'm just gonna take a shower real quick like.\" …. As the day wore on,nthe fact that Sabree had to go home today sunk itself deeper andndeeper into my mind. I don't want her to go home. I don't wantnher to get another beating she doesn't deserve . I guess I let mynfeelings get the best of me today. I can feel myself voluntarilynwithdrawing myself from today's activities Tony's wiped outnthe most so far, which rarely ever happens so I'm getting a goodnkick out of watching it. There were a few instances were Sabreenshoved him off his board and vice versa when she was trying to rip.nBut what caught my attention even more was her and Jay. The shock ofnthem actually getting along still hasn't rubbed off on me, ornanyone one of us for that matter. I suppose their useless andnslightly angry banter had just become apart of out everyday routine. \"Karen shencouldn't have gone that far…she's sixteen for god sakes. It'snnot like she can drive out of fuckin' Santa Monica!\" I heard Rick'snvoice in the background, and an instant fear that Sabree hadn'tnheard it herself filled my whole body. I was put in a situation werenI couldn't exactly tell her that her father was looking for hernwithout giving her position away. To my knowledge, her dad didn'tnpay much attention to us when he found her that one day so I figurednthat she was home free as long as she stayed hidden. He was gettingncloser, I could hear his footsteps. At the last minute I saw Sabreencompletely submerge herself underwater. \"Hey, you're onenof the boys' that was hanging out with Sabree,\" My pulse triplednwhen he spoke. This was an instant were I could easily admit that Inwas wrong. \"So, have you seen her?\" I'd really hopednthat he wouldn't recognize me, but there was no way out of this,n\"No, haven't seen her around lately.\" He only smirked. Hensaw right through me as he continued to stare me down, \"Sure younhaven't. But if you do happen to see her, stay the fuck away fromnmy daughter. You understand me?\" he spoke in a warning tone. I was expecting thenslightly cliché, or else what? I want so bad to say it. I try tonsummon the words from my mind to my mouth, but nothing. Rick smirks,nlocking a threatening eye on me as he walked away. I wait until I cannno longer see him before I turn around, Sabree's head blonde headnbobs up from behind Tony's toned shoulder. \"Damn, chicka thatnwas a close one. You're fucking insane, you know that?\" I heardnTony say while Sabree made her way to shore. \"I gotta go. Like,nnow.\" She stutters, swimming to the shore. \"Well, let mendrive you,\" I intervene. Sabree walking home while her dad had thenstreets on lock down for her frightens me. \"No. Its fine, Inknow a short cut. I'll be okay.\" …. Sabree's POV Damn my luck. Inswear, they we're out cold. I struggle to pull the apartment keynfrom my pocket. The size of thisnapartment still threw me off. Our old apartment was a bungalowncompared to this. . . I don't hear thentv droning, or Karen's witch-like laughter. I think I'm in thenclear. \"Sabe, it'snabout time you got your ass back here,\" Of course I'mnnever in the clear with my dad. \"D-daddy, you scared me,\" Actingnwas never my forte so I knew that he wouldn't be fooled by myninnocent act, not even for one millisecond. I close my eyes,nbracing myself for the worst. I was sure it was coming, he was prettyneasy on me the night before but I knew he was just saving the bignguns for later, when I really fuck up. \" I don'tnunderstand why you're all flinch-y. You're off the hook thisntime, Sabe. But just you wait, the next stunt you pull I swear to GodnI won't be in such a generous mood. Just get your ass in bed andnmake sure it stays there.\" So I crawled into mynbed, hoping for sleep to overcome me immediately with my dad'snthreat fresh in my mind.[Chapter 11] Sabree'snPOV Two weeks. That'snhow long it's been since I've seen the Z-Boys. I've been heldncaptive in this cramped shit hole for two weeks, kinda like I'm innprison. Only, prisoners get one phone call and fed daily, and theynget to see the light of day at least for an hour. My skin isnsuffering, I've lost my tan. But these two weeks, I've gotten ofnalmost scotch free. Verbal abuse, mostly. A little hitting here andnthere. Who am I to complain? But today, today isnday of freedom. Dad and Karen are escaping off to the tropics for angood week and a half. So kind of them to invite me. I have no cluenwhy. Maybe forever summer California isn't cutting it for themnanymore. Maybe they'll decide to pack up their bags and leave allnthis behind. If only. But anyway, the past two weeks the damage donento body is a gold ball sized bruise on my hip, a tiny gash on mynlower back and a bump on my head. Luckily, all these bruises are hidenable. In a way, my fathernand I had bonded with him not beating me. I could smoke a jointnwithout worry. Which, isn't that the whole point of smoking weed? I yawn, falling backnon my springy mattress, listening to the amazing sounds of JiminHendrix mesh with every sound in my apartment complex, filling everynnook and cranny with melodies. \"Sabree, we'renleaving now! Don't do anything stupid while we're gone or you'llnget it bad when I get back!\" My dad finally roared with his oh soncommon threat before leaving me alone to converse with the emptynapartment. With my dad gone, anwhole new world of possibilities opened up right in front of me. Inknow I'm over doing it here but ever since I left Tyler's, thisnkind of freedom was blocked off from me. But what could I possibly donfor one full week all by my lonesome? Hm, well that's a stupidnquestion. I had 5 guys waitingnfor me. 5 unpredictable, wild, California boys ready to run aroundntown to do whatever they please. But if I sit here,nI'll ruin the whole damn week. Sabree Thomas meet freedom. Freedomnmeet Sabree Thomas. .…. The reaction I gotnfrom the boys was more than I really expected. They were allnso….happy to see me, never mind Stacy and Tyler bombarding me withnquestions regarding if I was okay or not. I didn't mind themnconstantly bickering over my safety for once. \"Woah, slow downnthere. My dad and Karen are in San Diego for the next week and half.\"nI explained. Well, more like beamed. \"So, that meansnyou don't have to worry about taking any beatings?\" Sid askednwith his usual innocence and curiosity. I laughed andnnodded, \"Yes, Sid, this means I don't have to worry about takingnany beatings. Although, I have to say I am very proud of my dad. I'mnless banged up than I ever expected to be.\" Those words weren'tnexactly reassuring enough for the boys after they had finallynconvinced me to show them what damage my father had managed to donwithin the short couple weeks I've been with him. They cringed,nscolded me for no apparent reason, everything they always did when Ingot hurt. Oh, well. Brownie points for worrying, I suppose. The gaping had grownnold and that's when I rolled my shirt back down and pushed the lotnaway, \"Okay! I get it! It's bad. Beating equal bad! You'venestablished that point many, many times!\" It was usually whennI used that tone of voice paired with that logic that they all backnaway from me. All except Stacy but Stacy loves me, I guess. The whole concept ofnsomeone loving me the way Stacy does is still very new tonme…everything still hadn't settled yet. I'm not used to thenfeelings that rush through me whenever I'm around him, I'm notnused to the way we can just sit and talk about anything andneverything. Stacy's unlocked feelings that I've never in my lifenfelt before. I should be luckynthough, as I said before. So no more complaints on my end. As forntoday's activities, I really have no clue what we're going to dontoday. Probably the same old same old. I don't think that much hadnchanged since I was grounded but you really never know with thesenboys. … Well, if that wasn'tna fun filled day. Even if it was all routine like I'd expected itnto be. We still managed to have a good time. Then again, we probablyncould have been spent the whole day, starring at a rock and I stillnwould have managed to be entertained. Somehow just being with thengroup of Z-Boys was enough to keep me laughing for hours. The more Inhang around them though, the more I've come to find that Inseriously worry about what goes on in their minds. But enough on thatnsubject. The shock of Jay and I finally making peace finally worenoff. Thank God because if they said one more thing about Jayboy andnme getting along I would have had to drown them all personally. Tonight I'mnrooming with Jay at his house, having no strong desire to spend thennight in my big lonesome, might I even say creepish, apartment allnalone. Why was I with Jay? Well, I certainly was not going to staynthe night at Tony's house. Not with his stupid bitch of a sister. Innever really figured out why Kathy and I don't get along. Frankly,nI don't care. Stacy's parentsnare back home; I think that's enough of an explanation. I can'tnstay with Sid because Sid's parents' know Tyler's and I can'tnbe anywhere near Tyler, or his parents for some unknown reason.nSomething my dad did to make sure that I wouldn't go back there. But spending timenwith Jay had become nice. It gives us a chance to get to know eachnother more. We wasted nearly a year of that so I suppose we have anlot to catch up on. Jay's mom, Philane, is great. I love her. Deep down, though, Inthink I'm jealous of the close relationship that Jay has with hisnmother. Part of me really wants that with my dad and Karen. Maybe ifnwe had a better relationship, I wouldn't get beat and he wouldn'tntake Karen's word over mine… I was wrong aboutnJay, this I was sure of. And he was wrong about me. I mean push asidenthe fact that he has to be the biggest jackass in the whole entirenworld (Well, biggest jackass next to Tony, anyway.) he's got a goodnheart and good, but slightly twisted at the same, morals. But that doesn'tnmake up for what he did to Stacy if you ask me about it. I believe his exactnwords about the Stacy thing were: 'Yeah…Peralta's got a bignheart. Too big. I wouldn't have been able to forgive me if I wasnhim, or whatever.' I agree with him,nreally I do. Stacy's heart is too big if that's even possible. Things could havengone on like this for the remainder of the night. I wish things wouldnhave gone on like that for the remainder of the night. I don't even knownhow this next part happened. I mean, we were just sitting there,ninnocently talking. The next thing I know Jay is kissing me, and I'mnkissing him back. What is wrong with me? Stacy! What about Stacy?!nThere's a big red light going around in my head, followed by ansiren telling me this is the worst possible move I could ever makenever. Even as all thisncommotion is being set off in my head, I pay no mind to any of itnwhile I let myself fall back on Jay's mattress, allowing him toncrawl on top of me. Again the questionn'What the hell is wrong with you, Sabree!?' pops into my head. Why are you kissing Jay Adams? You've known the guy for about anweek. As usual, Jay'snone step ahead of everyone. He's already shirtless but that'snjust the way Jay is—he likes to take his shirt off. As he runs a handnthrough my hair that's when I realize I am making the biggestnmistake ever. Everything came into perspective; I started actuallynhearing my thoughts. At this exact moment, I've gone further withnJay than I have with Stacy. I jerk away, and throw Jay off me. \"Okay…Jay, Indon't know what I'm doing. So I'm just…I'm just gonna go,\"nI stand up, tugging at my jacket. He merely shrugs and sits there. I don't meannanything to him as a romantic interest—I'm just another girl tonkiss to him. … I woke up in mynapartment the next morning. I barley got any sleep at all. KissingnJay kept haunting me. How am I going to break this to Stacy? He isnthe last person to deserve this. I sit up, pushing the covers off ofnmy legs. I never changed last night. The thought of going to bed innpajamas was pushed away from my mind. How I was going to tell Stacynwhat I did was really the only thing my conscience would focus on. My mind isneverywhere today. I know this because I'm crawling into my blacknpajama bottoms and lime green tank top to go out with the boys. We'rensupposed to go surfing today. Whatever, though. Even if I did getndressed in the appropriate attire I don't think I would be much upnfor surfing. Before I left the house, I gathered my hair in a messynbun at the top of my head. The skies above threaten a bit of rain.nThis is really the first cloudy day I've seen in Santa Monica. Instuck my key in my pocket then pulled the door shut behind me,nlistening for the lock click. I guess I could playneverything off as normal. Again, my acting skills are very less thannexceptional so I really don't know how tell that's going to go. Inhad to try though. Maybe Stacy will force it out of me...maybe he'llnsee something's wrong before I even get a chance to confess. No!nNo, damn it Sabree. It'll only be worse if he figures out on hisnown. There he is…ugh.nThis is killing me. I never was good at keeping secrets. I wish I hadnsome way to kill off the guilt welling inside of me. A million andnone scenarios are running through my mind right now. The fear ofnStacy, literally, exploding on me is a fear I can't quell. I'mnthinking to much about this…if I over analyze this he'll know fornsure there's something wrong. But what else is there to think of? He looks over in myndirection and greets me with a smile, and drapes his arm over mynshoulders when I get close enough to him. He's not surfing today. Inreturn his smile with my own, folding my arms over my chest. \"How come younaren't surfing Stace?\" I ask, looking up at him. He only shrugs atnme, \"Work. I don't have time to surf then go home and getnshowered and everything today. I'm taking Marissa's shift today,nI need the extra money. Why aren't you surfing?\" Oh, maybe becausenI kissed Jay last night and I couldn't sleep at all last nightnbecause I feel so guilty about it. Or because I'm a slut…asknJay he'll tell you everything. Those are two very good reasons.nMy mouth wants to desperately take the shape of those words. If onlynI could say it that bluntly. Well, I could. I've done it before; Inam a pretty blunt person. If it were Tony, or anyone, I would havensaid it easy as pie. But Stacy…Stacy's feelings are much morenfragile than Tony's or anybodies. Tony uses girls, cheats onnthem…whatever he needs to do to them to have sex. I don't thinknthe words 'committed relationship' are even in his vocabulary. I, too, shrug andnopen my mouth, hoping something ridiculous doesn't come out. \"Um,nbad dream. Didn't get much sleep.\" My answer leaves him puzzlednbut he doesn't push for further explanation. He just sits therenand lets me be very quiet and very unlike me. \"Sabree, what'snwrong? You have that look.\" He asks, taking my hand in his. \"Look? What look?\" \"That look thatnyou get when there's something wrong you just don't wanna saynwhat.\" Look? Why didn'tnanybody tell me about this look before?! I chuckle awkwardly and trynsteering this conversation in a different direction but Stacy doesn'tnbudge. He really wants to know what's wrong with me. I have to tellnhim. I have to tell him that I'm an unfaithful slut who's notnworth his time. Here goes nothing… \"I kissed Jay lastnnight…\" My voice is hushed and I feel myself grow smaller andnsmaller. \"You what?\" henscoffs, and his baby blue eyes, usually so warm and loving, penetratenmy imaginary shell that I thought was supposed to keep me safe. \"We we're justntalking and the next thing I know we're just kissing. It didn'tnmean anything, Stacy. I swear.\" He's hurt. No,nhe's more than hurt. He's…he's…well I can't even think ofna word for it. That's how bad the news is to him. \"Go home, Sabree.\" \"But, Stacy—\"nI try to reason with him. I don't blame him…I would react thensame way, too. No, my reaction would be ten times worse than his. \"Just go!\"[Chapter 12] Stacy's POV And so she did, withnher head hung heavy and a broken heart weighing her down more. Infelt a rain drop explode on my head and looked up. The sky onlynthreatened rained once in a blue moon. It couldn't have come at anbetter time. It was like a movie, so cliché and perfect. I admit, Indid feel awful about telling her to leave. But god damn it. . .I'mnso pissed. How could Sabree do that to me? How could Jay donthat to me? For the second time. I'm so stupid. Maybe I shouldn'tnbother with trying to have a girlfriend anymore. At least Tony keptnhis shirt on. Jay walks up to me, with a bit of a uncomfortable looknon his face. He was coming to tell me, I knew it. He actually tellsnme when he kissed my girlfriends. At least he's got that going fornhim. I huff out, bitingndown my lip hard enough to have the taste of warm blood in my mouth.nI wanted to snap his neck. I wanted to beat the shit out of him. But.n. .I can't. Jay's one of my best friends, ever. He's had mynback for as long as I can remember now. He swaggers closer,nand closer still. I can't bite back my urge to yell at him. \"Dude,nwhat the fuck we're you thinking? Why did you kiss Sabree?!\"nI hardly throw the word 'fuck' around, Jay knew that. He chucklednlightly to himself, tossing his head back. \"Let me guess, Incouldn't \"handle\" her?\" I rage on, the urge to hit himngrowing stronger. Jay remains silent. nI know how he works. He's waiting until I loose my cool completely.nNot going to happen. \"Stacy, bro, itnwas just a kiss. It didn't mean shit. She don't mean shit to me.nI was just. . .bored, I guess.\" Bored? Bored? That's his excuse?nDamnit, Jay. Ugh. \"What do you meannyou we're bored?! We're you just 'bored' when you stole Kathynaway from me too?\" That had struck a nerve with Jay. \"Fuck, man. Inthought we were pass the whole Kathy thing. That was so fucking long ago. Kath's a fuckin hoe anyways, man. You were better offnwithout her. Stacy, dude, I fucking love you bro. If I was gay, I'd totally hit it.\" He stopped, waiting for my reaction. nAlthough I was disturbed, I did crack a small smile. Jay playfullynpunched my chest and tried pulling me down to his level by jumpingnand hooking his arm around my neck. \"You're familynto me, bro. I love you, man. We cool, broha?\" He again awaited mynanswer. I look at him, my faint smile growing bigger, and nod.n\"Good,\" he jerked my head towards him and smacked his lipsnagainst the side of my head, \"Now go get your girl, mannn.\" Sabree's POV Rain. Of course. Hownfah-reaking perfect. I've been walking non-stop for about, twonhours now? I'm a fuck up. I really am. A clash of roaring thundernand let the rain fall. It was starting out slow at first. I walked anfew miles further, and further still until the rain had begun tonpour. I was soaked to thenbone and chances were likely I've had a terrible cause of pneumonianin the morning. But still, I didn't care. Right now, all I couldnhope for is to get terribly sick and die a slow, painful, soup filledndeath. I'm a s-l-u-t. Slut. Slut, slut, slut slut,slut, slut,nsluttttttt. How could I even think to betray Stacy's like that? I was sober. I wasnableto stop it. I should have been able to stop it, before Jay was onntop of me half way naked. \" No wayyy,ndude! I knew Tyler's hair wasn't naturally that straight!\" Jayndoubled over with laughter. \" For sure, henstraightens it like, every day.\" I laughed a little myself, a smilenplastered onto my face. He was funny, I admit. But I would nevernthink about hooking up with him, much less leaving Stacy for him.nStacy's amazing. And a great kisser. I'm positive Jay's gotnnothin' on him. There's a silence between us. We both look likenidiots, smiling and grinning at each other. Then it happened. Hisnlips met with mine and his body weight had been pressed against mine.nThe kiss grew deeper, the moment more intense. I felt his handsnsearch for the zipper of my jacket. Then I realized I was making thenbiggest mistake of my life. Holy shit. I shove him off me and stutternfor an excuse. The rain had stillnno signs of letting up. What did I think would happen? That bynwalking around in Santa Monica in the rain would wash away my sins?nI'm close to my apartment. And what do you know? The first thing Insee is my dad's car in the drive way. Why is he come?nThey've only been gone for two days. They're supposed to be gonentwo weeks. Oh, shit. I'm in for it now. I ran the rest of the waynin, trying to escape the rain. Unfortunately for me, we live on thenvery top floor of the complex. No way up except the emergency escapenladder, or whatever, but I was way too short to reach. I guess I'llnhave to take the front. I took a deep breathnof courage as I reached out to open the door. It wasn't locked.nBut, then again, this is Venice. In this proclaimed 'ghetto by thensea' we, like most, had nothing to take. I turned the knob,nlistening to the clicking noise. The apartment, fornonce, had been clean. But I guess I've been the only one home for anwhile, so of course it'd be kept clean. \"Hello?\" I called out,nstepping further into the dank apartment. Maybe theres been anmistake? And, they had someone bring their car home because they hadnsomehow gotten enough money for a better one? No one answers. I take off mynjacket and my shirt, now being only dressed in a my sports bra andnjeans for earlier. I shut the door behind me, wrapping my arm snaround my stomach and wander into my bathroom. Honestly, I wasn'tnready to face myself. I bit down on my lower lip, hard. My hair hadnsince been knocked out of its neat, pristine ponytail and randomnstrands stuck out here and there. My make up, was ruined. My cheeksnhad been stained black from my mascara. Water-proof my ass. My eyesnstung from the flow of tears, and they stung horribly whenever Inblinked. For a long time, Instared at myself. I studied every inch of my appearance, as if therenwas something wrong with me look wise. No, nothing was wrong with mynface. It was internal, physical. Then, I realized what a was wrongnwith me. I was exactly like my father. I'd become him the moment Inallowed Jay Adams to kiss me, and fondle me. He isn't exactlynfather of the year. I hated him , thus I hated myself. More tearsncame. Tears of hatred, both for myself and the kind of person my dadnhad morphed me into. I balled my hand up into a fist and slammed itninto the mirror. Cracks broke out andndecorated the mirror, the tiny fragments of the mirror came loose,ncollecting all in the sink. A burning sensation rushed my arm and Inheld it to my chest. \"Ow. . \" I muttered, sucking my lower lip. Inlooked up, glaring at my distorted reflection in the mirror. This isnexactly how it started. It had looked so tempting. I just had to trynit. It had been worthnit. Damn it, had it been worth it. If for a little bit, I couldnescape the stress without the worry of going to jail, or going backnto a foster home. I shook myself from the first night I'd startedncutting, seeing my dad's reflection creep up behind me. He wasn't drunk.nYet, anways. I saw a bottle clutched in his hands, dark and full ofnnasty beer. I wish he was drunk. My beatings never seem as bad whennhe's drunk. He never seems to hit as quiet as hard. Every muscle innmy body tingled and tightened when his hand gently brushed againstnmy hip. He kept it there, lowering his mouth to my ear. He breathed out,n\"Where were you, baby?\" My grip tightened on the bathroomncounter. I searched for an excuse, but lying to my dad was never ansubject I excelled in. \"I just. . .I just wanted to go surfing isnall.\" He smirked, taking a swig of his beer and one step closer tonme. My dad knew I hated him. He knew it. So he did it anyway, he didnit so he could get me riled up just to knock me down. \"Get away fromnme!\" I shove him away from me, if only for a second before hencaptured me in the same position as before. \"Sabreeeeee, Inknow you d-don't mean that honey. I'm your father. I love you. Inju-I just want a little bit of affection.\" His chin rested on mynshoulder, his drunken breath blew onto my neck. \"No, you don't.\"nI jerked myself away from the counter, in hopes of sending my fathernback and away from me. \"You don't love me, you didn't love momnand you didn't love Karlee!\" I accused sharply, drawing innsemi-controlling breaths. \"You love that fucking bottle. You donlove that bottle, don't you dad? You let it fucking tear this famlynapart. That and that fucking worthless bitch! I'm not your child. Incan't be your child.\" I screamed. His finger nails ripped acrossnthe untanned skin of my stomach as he threw me into the wall. So all the othernbeatings? All the other times I thought I'd 'crossed the line.'nWell. . I was wrong. I really had crossed the line. But I know Indeserve this. I deserve every cut, every bruise, every landed kick tonthe stomach. It's all just pay back for hurting Stacy, the sweetestnthing on this earth next to honey. This day is justnfull of clichés. The beating didn't stop there. Oh, no. It wasn'tneven close to being over. My dad was pissed. I could tell bynthe force behind his kicks. I'm sure I could have felt a rib or,nlike, all of them break with this last kick. 'Guess what, Sabree?nNo matter how much you hate me, you're always going to hatenyourself. Because you are my kid, no matter how much you hatenit. We have the same blood, Sabe. The same genetics. You're allnmine.' He kept on taunting over and over, as he punched me, slappednme. \" You've got anbig mouth, kid. Just like you're fucking mother. Well, the nextntime you decide to talk back to me, think about what your gonna say.nI could kill you right now, Sabe. You know it and I know it. Believenme, bitch, that sounds really fuckin' promising right now.\" Henhad grown tired of using his hands as weapons. Now he turned to thenhalf way empty bottle in his grasp. I coughed up a little bit a bloodnand looked up just enough to see my father back up. My head droppednto the ground, I had little strength. Weakly I tried to cover mynface. He threw the bottle at the wall full force. It had shattered,nshowering me with beer and glass. Then he started with the littlenglass cups. They, too, shattered, the small pieces cutting my face.nThe larger shards, though, sliced through the delicate skin of myncollar bone, arms and shoulders. I couldn't move. I was bleedingnprofusely from every part of my body. I could only tell what wasngoing on by my hearing. I heard my dad rustle through the house tonfind one last weapon to finish his rage. He tosses the cup up andndown, cynically. I could hear him chuckle and laugh at his fallenndaughter. He was proud of this. He was proud of watching my body,nlimp and bloody, lie on the bathroom floor. The last cup, he hadnangled just right, slamming it against my head. Blood trickled downnmy face at its own free will. It was disgusting, feeling the warm,nred liquid flow down any given part of my body. It wasn't helpingnat all, only creating black waves and dots in front of my vision. The extent of thendamage to my chest, ribs and lower body could not be seen. It feltnlike hell down there. \"I love you, Sabree.\" He turned out thenlight. My body, was in sonmuch pain. My breath was gaspy and shakey. I couldn't even crynnormal tears. I. . .I. . . Stacy's POV I'd managed to getninto Sabree's neighborhood by nine o' clock. I figured there wasnno use in going after her right away, it'd only make the situationnworse. So I stayed and partied with Jay, Tony and everybody. I evennhad one cup of beer. It wasn't so good. I don't see why anybodynwould want to drink that stuff night after night. Even when I triednto leave, I had everyone trying to convince me to stay longer. But, Stacy Peraltanwas synonymous with caring, I suppose. They just didn't get. . me. 'You care aboutnthat girl way more than you should, Peralta.' Maybe Jay was right.nOr maybe he was just trying to get me to stay longer, so he try andntalk me into smoking weed for the first time. But Jay had an annoyingnway of being right. But if that night hadn't happened, I stillnwould have gone to Sabree's anyway. Whenever Larry and Mia werenasleep, when I didn't have to work I would always come and see her.n She was. . .is the best part of my day. No matter what mood I wasnin, she could always do me one better. She was beautiful. She was,nwell perfect. And either way, she's a part of my life. And I loventhat. Her parents werenstill away. At least, I hoped he was. His car wasn't around. . . I stopped for a fewnmoments, just in case fate conspired against me today. I took anminute to gather every ounce of confidence I had in me to stand up tonRick, to be the hero. I wrapped softly at the door with my knuckle.n\"Sabree? You here?\"Although I knew I was partially crazy, Inreally did expect the door answer back. After all, it did open bynitself. All the lights werenoff. The weather had been. . .odd today. Rainy, sunny, then rainynagain. And the sun had even set early. The only light available to menwas the pale moonlight shining through the window, illuminating onlynthe furnishings of the empty apartment. The apartment seemed lessnwelcoming to me now. The only downside tonrelying on the moon was that it only lit up certain things within itsndistance. Thump. I had run into something. \"Oh, shit.\"nMy hands flew out in front of me to brace my fall. Damn it. Where isnshe? No sign of her or her parents'. There was littlenplace to travel in her apartment. Where could she have gone? Jay's?nTony's? I was about ready to give up my search, but the bathroomnlight, the only light in the house on, caught my attention. I'mnofficially the bravest guy in the history of forever. Barging intonSabree's house, where her abusive parents could be anywhere, goingninto every room. And now, I'm walking into the only lit room in thenhouse. Her dad could be in there, for all I know. My defensive shieldsnthrew themselves on. I'm trippin' out, bad. I think I hear Rick'snvoice coming from the narrow hall? No, no. He would have thrown mynass out if he had been home. Maybe Sabree's in the shower? I kick the doornopen with my foot. No way was I prepared for what I saw.[Chapter 13] Stacy'snPOV Innall honesty, I saw this coming. But my hope was she into hard drugsnor she had gone on a cutting spree knife in hand, blood spilling fromnher wrist. As horrible as that may sound, any of those options wouldnhave been better than this. At least she would have fallen from hernown stupidity, not her fathers fist. What kind of monster could standnto do that to his own child? Sabreenwasn't a bad kid. She didn't deserve any of that. The worst partnis, he enjoyed it. Incould tell by the severity of her wounds that he enjoyed watching hisnchild writhe on the floor in pain. This is all my fault. I could havenprevented this. I shouldn't have yelled, but walked away insteadnuntil I composed myself. She could be dead, all because of me. Seeingnher like this, nearly killed me inside. It brought out an emotion Inhave never felt. An emotion worse than betrayal. This topped how Infelt the day Kath cheated on me with Jay. My face was red with anger,nI needed to hit something. Or someone. But I'm Stacy Peralta.nI never had it in me to kill a spider, let alone punch somebody. So Intook my aggression out on the wall, striking it full force until mynknuckles killed. Sabree.n. oh, my god. I said I'd protect you. I still can. . I still haventime to be Stacy Peralta, the hero. \"Whatnthe fuck is wrong with you? Are you retarded? You could have killed her. Then we would have gone to jail, not only for murder butnpossession of drugs. I have acid, Rick. Not just pot. But acid. Theyncould get me for that.\" Karen'snwitchy voice carried far. Oh, shit. Where was I gonna go now?nThe closet? No,that's too far. The shower! That's my only hope. Inclosed the door to its previous position and crawled my way over tonthe shower. \"Shutnthe hell up, Karen. She's fucking fine. She's not going to die.nAnd even if she did, I would just say she got into a car accident ornsomething. I'm clean now, that's the whole reason I got hernback.\" Thenvoices came closer. I held my breath, peeking out the open spacenbetween the shower curtain and the wall. There they were, Karen andnher badly dyed hair, Rick with a beer in one hand and a joint hangingnout of his mouth. With an angry kick, Sabree's body flipped to hernback. He examined her body carefully, gaze focusing on her chest. Itnrose and fell, slowly. She had had trouble breathing, I could tell. \"See?nShe's still breathing.\" \"Fucknyou, Rick. Just because she's breathing now doesn't mean she'llnbe breathing later on in the night.\" Karen yelled, pushing Ricknaway. \"No one is going to believe that bullshit excuse.\" Smack. Sabree wasn't the only one getting a regular beating around here. \"Shutnup, bitch. Or you'll be next.\" Karennrubbed her cheek, shooting a lethal glare at her husband. Oh if looksncould kill. Karen had nothing to say, watching only as her abusivenbeau walked away. She followed obediently, like a scared littlenpuppy. I heard the door slam. Inrolled out of the shower, terrified.. I have to get Sabree out ofnhere. I have to contact the authorities and the foster home. And Ty'snparents. They'd just love to hear about this. I knelt down besidenher, getting a first person account of her injuries. Cuts,neverywhere, had decorated her face, shoulders, and arms. She hadnbruises from head to toe. Her pretty face was even banged up. By farnthe worst cut of all lay on her forehead. My hand reached out tonsmooth back her blood stained bangs. It was bad. When I pulled mynhand away, her blood stuck to my fingers. I shook my head, fightingnback a rising lump in my throat. My arm braced her back while my freenarm slipped under her legs. Ansmall moan that slipped from her mouth let me know she was stillnalive. But for how much longer? \"Don't worry, Sabree. I'll savenyou.\" …. Tyler'snPOV Itnwas nearly midnight when I had heard a knock at my door. My parents,nas usual, we're asleep. Nothing could wake them up. I groanednmyself, fighting to pull myself out of my bed.I ran down stairs,nskipping steps to save time. This had better be important. I'dnnever expected to see Stacy on my door step, Sabree cradled to hisnchest. \"Tyler,nyou have to help me. Get your parents up,\" He stopped to catch hisnbreath. His cheeks we're redder than usual. He had ran over fourtynfive minutes to get her. \"Her dad did this to her, Ty. Her dad. \" Godndamn it. I told my parents this would happen, they didn't listen.n'Tyler, there's nothing more we can do if he gets the money.'nThey had said. Bullshit. Look at her now, Mom and Dad. Do you stillnthink theres nothing you could have done? \"Put her upstairs, I'llncall 9-1-1.\" Wenall sat in the front room, awaiting the arrival of paramedics. My momnhad been shaken to tears. I hated seeing my mother cry, so I lookednover at Stace. In all my years of knowing these boys, not one of usnhad dared to cry. He had a distraught look on his still rosy face, henhad been crying as well. I felt awful, for I hadn't even thoughtnabout crying. My dad and I have always been in control of ournemotions. \"Larry,\"nmy mother sniffled, drawing a wrinked tissue away from her face \"shencan't go back there.\" \"Yeah.nDad, we can't let Sabree go back there. What if he kills her nextntime?\" My rock solid father shook his head, fiddling with his thicknframed glasses. \"She'snnot going back. I'll be damned if I let this harm come to hernagain.\" In amidst all the chatter, Stacy had managed to escapenupstairs. No one had stopped him, letting him see Sabree was thenright thing to do. After all, Sabree had meant more to Stace thennanybody. Stacy'snPOV Instood in the door way for a second, taking in Sabree's limp body.nAnger pulsed through my body. If I ever see Rick again, I swear. . . Howncould he not see how she hated him? The hitting, the abuse. He letnalcohol tear his family apart. He drove Sabree's mother and sisternto leave. He scarred her mentally and physically for life. How can hennot hate himself? Let me be the onenwho calls you baby all the time. Surely you canntake some comfort knowing that your mine. The wait downstairs,nwas so excrutiating. I couldn't, and wouldn't, wait for thenambulance to arrive. I needed to be up here with her just in case shenwoke up. She would be scared. I wouldn't have that. I positionednmyself on the bed just right and brushed away tangled hair that fellnin her face. My eyes had studied her face carefully as I caressed hernface. Just hold mentight, stay by my side. Let me be the onenwho calls you baby all the time. I hadn't expectednmy touch to wake her up. Her eyes fluttered open weakly. She triednlifting her head but her neck muscles we're still too weak tonsupport her. God, if I could only explain the feeling it had given mento see her eyes open. She had managed ansmall smile, her lips taking the form of my name. I shushed her, nrunning a hand through her hair. She was much too weak to talk, shendidn't need to waste her energy on my name. \"Ssh. You're okaynnow, Sabe.\" I found my placenin the world, Could stare atnyour face for the rest of my days. Now I can breath,nturn my insides out and Smother me. Warmnand alive I'm all over you Would you smothernme? Sabree had alwaysnbeen a rebel, though. Her hand reached up to grab mine and moved itnto where her heart should be. Her eyes searched mine for the longestntime, as if she was scanning her mind for the perfect thing to say.nShe didn't need to, for this moment took shape of the words longingnto be said. Let me be the onenwho never leaves you alone. I hold my breathnand lose the feeling that I'm on my own. Hold me toontight, stay by my side. And let me be thenone who calls you baby all the time. \"Sabree, this isnmy fault. I shouldn't have yelled but I promise, I'm never goingnto leave you alone again. We're not going to let you go backnthere.\" I whispered, holding her hand tightly. \"Never again.\"nShe closed her eyes lightly, she had understood what I was saying. I gently pulled hernhead towards mine, kissing her lightly on the forehead, \"I hatenthat I had left all alone. I'm sorry.\" I'm sure if Sabree hadnher voice back, she would be cursing at me. 'Stop apologizing,nPeralta. It's not your fault my dads a jackass,' she would say. Sabree's POV What a little bitch.n\"Stop apologizing, foo'. It ain't your fault my dads an abusivenjerk off.\" God, it had hurt to talk. I looked at his baby face thennaround the room, and for once I felt at home. I haven't felt thisnway in a long time. The warmth Stacy's body was emitting made menfeel safer than he would ever guess. He said he would protect me,nand I could tell by the sincerity in his voice that he had meant it. \"I must look sonterrible right now.\" I laughed meekly. Stacy could only shake hisnhead, stroking the side of my face with his gentle hand. \"No, you looknbeautiful. You always look beautiful, to me.\" How disgustinglyncute. It made me want to wretch. I liked it though, in fact, I lovednit. When I'm alonentime goes so slow I need you here with me and how my mistakesnhave made Your heart break Still I need you here with me Sonbaby, I, baby I'm here. \"Stacy, I'mnsorry. I didn't mean to hurt you the way that I did. That kissnmeant nothing. I should have stopped it. And to be honest, Jay is antotally bad kisser. Like seriously, Stace. He's got nothin' onnyou.\" He laughed at my comment. \"Seriously,nthough, Stacy. I'm sorry. Breaking your heart was the last thing Inintended to do.\" The paramedics hadnarrived. I could practiclly feel their urgency harsh the aura of thenroom. Damn them. We were having, like a moment too. Stacy had heard,nas well. He moved out of the bed with me right in time. They rushednTyler's room, pounding me with questions. They were poking andnprodding at me, trying to lift me into the streacher. Ow, ow. Ouch! Fuck,naren't they supposed to be gentle? They weren't making thisnsituation any easier, every contasnt move made my body flinch. Asnsoon as they got me onto the streacher, they ran downstairs. Stacynheld my hand all way, until the had to load me into the back of thenambulance. All I could do isnwatch as the doors closed behind me, they we're going back to talknto Mia and Larry. Tyler's POV. \"You boys havensome good instincts. Some great timing, too. If you had waiting anynlonger, you might have been too late. Can you explain to me whatnhappened, exactly?\" I hadn't beennthere. Stacy had stepped though. He had found her, after all. I cannimagine he had a pretty good idea what had happened. \"I didn't comenuntil after the damage was done, but there was glass. Lots of it,neverywhere. She has cuts everywhere. Her ribs looked brusied, like henhad kicked her numerous times.\" The paramedic hadncut him off, \"Who is he?\" \"Her father.\"nStacy and I had retorted at the same time. She looked fazed, but notnsurprised. \"That's a pretty serious accusation, boys. Do younhave any proof that her father is the perpatrator?\" \"I'm her fosternbrother. She was taken away from her father when she was at leastnten, because he had become a heavy alcohol abuser after he had annaffair with some lady at work. She broke up her whole family, that'snaround the time her father had started beating her. She came to ournhouse about a year ago, but her dad recently won rights to have hernback,\" the woman had nodded, soaking in the details. \"Go on.\" \"Her first nightnback he burned her with a joint, three times on her arm. Then him andnhis wife got into a fist fight. He hit Sabree when she was trying tonbreak it up.\" \"It's not thenfirst case we've seen like this, I'll tell you. Would you mind? Inthink I need to have a discussion with your parents.\" \"They'll justntell you the same thing,\" I said, rudely. Stacy sent his elbow intonmy side. \"Can we see her?nAs soon as she gets put into her room?\" The lady, who nownintroduced herself as Hollie, nodded, \"Of course, but you'renparents will have to be with you. I assume you boys are related innsome way?\" \"Uh, sure. He'snmy. . .cousin. On my moms side. Stace got her blonde hair, alright.\"nI chuckled weakly. Yay updates. :DnEnjoy this chapter, kiddies. Brownie points to whoever guesses thensong I used.[Chapter 14] Saber's POV It was so nice to have everyone here. Little moving space had been provided, due to the fact half of Venice was crammed into my hospital abode. Tony had taken the liberty of sprawling himself amongst the chair so no one else could sit but Jay found a way for his own comfort by throwing himself all over the Mexican. \"Shit, Jay. Fuckin' homo.\" Tony struggled to push Jay away. Jay didn't budge but playfully stroked Tony's chest with his finger. \"But baby, you know how much I love it when we cuddle.\" Jay loved pretending to be gay. Tony was probably the biggest homophobe in all of California. \"C'mon, Tony. You don't have to pretend anymore, everyone here knows about us boo.\" \"Fuck you, Jay. Get the fuck offa me!\" He shouted, shoving his legs into Jayboy's stomach. \"I thought what we had was special! Did last night mean nothing to you?\" Jay had cried out dramatically, drumming up a few crocodile tears. Jay should consider a career in acting. Those two were good for a laugh. Stacy had been by my side through the whole thing. We, amazingly, had convinced the nurses to let him stay overnight with me. \" She doesn't do well on her own; she has a terrible case of separation anxiety\" \" Well, she is staying in a hospital.\" The nurse stood firm in her decision. \" I don't need hospital meds, lady. I need my boy—I mean cousin. He's my medication.\" She rolled her eyes. Bitch. \" Please? My dad nearly just killed me. Throw me a fucking bone here. Let him stay, please? I mean, what if my dad comes back? Then what? No one's going to be here to protect me and then I could really be dead.\" Damn I put up a convincing argument. \" Security is very tight around here, I assure you. But if you really need him to stay that bad well, just don't say I never helped you out.\" Jay had given up, throwing his charade away. Now Jay, Sid and Tony were all pushing, shoving and pinching each other for adequate room on the small chair. Tyler completed the loving family by stretching himself across the threesome. Oh, lordy how I loved my boys. Surprisingly enough, Ty's parents hadn't come to visit yet. They we're probably sorting out the legal details with Paula and the lawyer they had recently hired. I hope they get my dad for this. I refuse to go back with him, I absolutely re-fucking-fuse to go back to that shithole. \"Sabree, it's time for your pain killers,\" the voice of the nurse rang through my room and the faint wheeling of the medicine cart was becoming louder and louder. A tall nurse had walked in, with vibrant black hair cut in a stylish, long layered bob. Her name was Shelley and she was my favorite nurse in this dump. Me and her, we had sort of a black market going. She would smuggle me in my favorite energy drink, which I wasn't supposed to be drinking, and in exchange I would give her a few of my smokes. Shelley was truly bomb. I looked in the tiny paper cup, smiling at the sight of the tiny white pills resting in the bottom. Ah, what memories I had with these little guys. They were great to get high off of, even if pill popping wasn't your thing. To be truthful, swallowing pills had always been a fear of mine. I was always afraid I'd choke on them. But I suppose if swallowing these babies didn't kill me, the overdose would. I'd only overdosed once, though. Yet, despite my irrational fear, pills had become my favorite. My sister and I had popped them at our first and only reunion since Mom split. I didn't remember much about our meeting but the memory of seeing my beautiful heroine was more than enough for me. \" I miss you so fucking much Sabree. It's completely different without you.\" Karlee confessed, blue eyes wide. My sister was beautiful. She didn't look like my mother, me, or my father. Long auburn hair fell down to the small of her back, sapphire blue eyes were always filled with a sparkle that no diamond could match. She had legs that went on for days, so it seemed, perfect for her dancers build. I, on the other hand, had more of an athletic, toned body but Karlee was never one for surfing like myself. I had to blink away a few tears, \"Yeah. . .how's Mom?\" She shook her head, looking solemn. \"Not good, babe. Not good at all. She doesn't have a job. We're practically living out of the car, which we might lose soon. She's lost all motivation to do anything. She's fucked up, Sabe. Without Dad, it's like she's got nothing at all.\" I couldn't handle this. My mom had always been the strongest woman I had ever known and she'd been reduced to nothing because of my asshole father. She must have sensed my discomfort, planting a kiss upon my forehead. \" It's alright, little sis. We're managing. As soon as I'm old enough, I'm going to get a job and make enough money for mom and me.\" Karlee promised, taking my hand. \" But that's too far away,\" I reached into my pocket, pulling out a plastic zip lock bag full of assorted pills and pain killers. I knew Karlee would be up for it, she was introduced to drugs long before our family's demise, \"So let's forget about the future and live for tonight. Who knows when we'll see each other again.\" So I don't remember that night fully. I didn't need to. I was with my sister, that's all the memory I needed. Sadly, I haven't seen her since that night. Letters from her had long since stopped since I was taken to the Jones' residents. I missed her. A lot. \"Alright boys,\" Shelley began, checking at the clock on the wall, \"it's time for Sabree's check up. Get out, the lot of you.\" Shelley was also British. She had the craziest accent that I was simply in love with. Stace gave my hand a reassuring squeeze, even though I wasn't scared. His hand ran over my hair, causing me to glance up at his rosy cheeked face. His eyes looked amazing in the sun light, the ocean blue color almost translucent. \"So, what do you want? We were all going to go out and chow down.\" Oh, how sweet. But the boys and I were on completely different eating schedules. When they were all hungry, it was rare that I ever was and when I was hungry, they were stuffed. It made it quite difficult to satisfy everyone's wants, and the fact that I'm the pickiest eater in all of Venice didn't help in the least. I knew all too well though that even if I politely declined his offer, he would insist that I needed to eat and regain enough strength to get out of this place. So instead I shrugged, \"I unno. You decide. You know what I want more often than I do. Surprise me.\" \"Your wish is my command,\" That boy was just too kind. Any girl could easily take advantage of that. Kathy sure as hell did. That would be Stacy's downfall, I decided. He bent down to plant a sweet kiss on my lips. But as soon as he parted, I pulled him back for another and then one more. The keys jingled in his grasp as he walked over to the door, waiting for the boys to say their goodbyes. Tony muttered something to me in Spanish, I assume it was something along the lines of get well soon, and ruffled my hair. Jay and Sid has essentially told me the same thing, just in an assy-ier way. When all the boys had left, Shelley had a ridiculous grin plastered all over her face. \"How'd you get so lucky? You got all those blokes here that care about you enough to miss out on those waves. And that Stacy. Dayum, I could just eat him up for breakfast. My own mum doesn't even care that much about me, tell you what.\" She laughed, picking up my gown to examine the wounds on my body. They said I had a broken rib. I didn't believe it. My side felt fine. I think they're just trying to keep me cooped up in this place so my dad couldn't get to me. I thought I was making good progress. All I seemed to have is a few cuts and brusies. \"So Shelley, when am I going home?\" I asked, eagerly. I couldn't wait to get back to Ty's house. She stood silent for a moment, writing many things down in neat cursive, all the i's dotted with little hearts. Very Shelley. More moments passed in silence. \"Shelley?\" I asked again. \"Well, love, we don't exactly have a home for you yet. You see dear, if we send you back to that Tyler kids house, your father will find you quicker than you can imagine.\" What? I didn't get to go home? No, no, no. I need to go back to Ty's. I have to. I won't go into another damn foster home. I won't. Shelley and I had gotten to know each other a little too well. Well enough to sense when I needed my alone time. I threw myself back on the bed, covering my face with my hands. I hated my dad. And then the last person I expected to see walked into my hospital room, clearing her throat loudly. A slit opened in my fingers to look through. Karen? What was she doing here? She looked so bashful sitting there, a teddy bear clutched in her long fingers. Her cheek was swollen. Did Dad do that to her? Probably. If he was into beating his kids, what was stopping him from beating his wife? There she stood for moments longer, looking for the right words to say. She began by setting the teddy bear gingerly on my tray, next to my ice water. \"Sabree,\" she started, \"I don't know what to say. I didn't think your father would almost kill you.\" Was this her way of trying to kill her guilty conscience? That was my top choice, but I'm almost positive that beneath the skimpy clothes and cheap hair dye there was a kindly woman who just lost her way in life and got caught up in whatever wave came her way. Again she cleared her throat. \"I'm leaving your dad.\" I gave her a deer caught in the head lights look. Leaving my dad? The words hit hard, almost as if I had literally been blind sighted by an eighteen wheel truck. It was the best news I could have ever heard however, the words made my stomach clench painfully. Uncomfortable silence filled the room. Karen had tried to speak but I silenced her immediately. \"Please just leave.\" She stood dumbfounded. Yet she had a look of genuine hurt and disappointment slapped on her soft, almost reassuring mother-like face. At first glance, Karen looked like a fucking angel. I was sure she had a son my age but I've heard stories about him being killed in some gang war. A wrong place, wrong time situation, his name was Dylan. He had never had any direct gang connections himself. I also knew she had a daughter who had simply taken off after her word of her brother's death. No wonder the poor woman had turned into a drug addicted life of gold digging and house wrecking. The whole reason I began smoking pot and drinking alcohol was because my 'stable' family crumbled right beneath me. Maybe we were more alike than I could have guessed. She swallowed hard and nodded. The door shut softly behind her. I fell back into the hospital bed, sinking into the over fluffed pillow. I need a fucking nap. ….. Too many hours had passed since the boys had returned, bags of greasy fast food I wasn't allowed to eat clustered in bunches in their hands. They had gone all out, ordering everything off the menu. From hamburgers to milk shakes to chicken sandwiches, they had it all. We scarfed it all down in a matter of minutes. Never has a hamburger tasted to good to me. Again, the tiny room was filled one side to the other with the Dogtown surfers, waiting to hear the unpleasant news. This is just not a good chapter of my life….I'm damn sick of all this bad luck. \"So. . . \" I look around the room, at everyone's face, searching them individually. None of them had a clue. I take a relaxing breath, \"There's no possible way for me to go back to Ty's. They said it's too easy for my dad to track me down again.\" The room was quite. They all looked discontent. Better than heartbroken, I guess. \"They don't know where they're sending me next.\" The boys were still oddly pretty chill about this news. Upset, sure. Ready to break down into tears? Not a chance. I guess they sensed my need for a huge reaction, they all shrugged in unison. Had they been upset I wasn't going back to my home? Possibly. They probably figured I wouldn't be moving to another state. The odds of a foster family from Washington or something wanting a grungy street girl from the ghetto were extremely, extremely slim. \"Well, duh Sabree.\" Tyler grinned a crooked grin. \"It doesn't matter where you move, dude, we'll find you somehow.\" He winked at me. I couldn't help but smile at this. He was right. \"Yeah, chicka, we're family. There's no one out there that can separate us.\" Tony laughed his trademark laugh that could cheer and charm any girl. . .except me, that is. \"But just in case. . .\" Tony faces the wall, digging deep in his pockets, pulling out multiple packages of cigarettes, condoms (HA! Tony use condoms? Yeah right. They were probably just in there to make the girl think Tony was a safe guy.) and lighters before he found his desired item: a blunt. Okay, now I seriously forgive the boys for their lack of a reaction. Tony could always score the dankest weed. Always. He handed the blunt off to me along with a green lighter. I know Stace could care less about me smoking weed in front of him but I still felt a twinge of guilt and awkwardness as I put the blunt between my lips and hit it hard. I know I've done a lot of illegal things back in the day but I'm almost positive that blazing up in a hospital room, of all places, tops the charts at number one. They say weed is the best medicine, though. It passed around the room, skipping Stace and Ty, three times but I was flying high after my first hit. Needless to say, I don't remember the rest of the night. ","Summary":" Disclaimer;nI own nothing. Except Sabree, and the whole foster home. I don'tnknow a lot about skate"},{"Movie":"Lords of Dogtown","Title":"Us and Them","Author":"raspberrytartlet","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4092679","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Updated - I've edited the first and second chapters to possibly garner more interest. Not sure how this will go, but we'll see. Cheers and enjoy! \"So, there's a big party tonight,\" Tony Alva whispered into Ava Mitchell's ear, quietly. \"You should come… and bring your friends, you can be my guests.\" He gently nuzzled her neck, taking in her sweet perfume, as she lightly pushed him away, noting the scathing look she was receiving from a young Mexican girl not 10 feet away, whom she figured could possibly be a girlfriend of Tony's. \"Uhh, yeah.\" She forced out, she swallowed nervously. \"Maybe.\" \"Zephyr shop, you'll find it.\" He continued. \"Ava, let's go!\" her friends rolled their eyes. \"I gotta go.\" Ava muttered. \"Tony!\" the girl squealed as Ava moved towards her friends, quite hurriedly. \"Keep steppin', Malibitch, or I'll rip your eyes out before you know I'm even in your face.\" She screeched as Ava quickly joined her girlfriends, leaving the skateboard meet. \"Slut!\" she yelled after her viciously before starting on Tony... \"We'll see you ladies back in Malibu!\" Gabrielle Cooper called, waving farewells to their schoolmates in the next car over as she and her best friend Vickie drove off in Gabrielle's gold Mercedes convertible. \"Bye!\" \"Jesus.\" Ava mumbled, checking her make up in her compact. \"That girl really wanted to rip my internal organs out through my mouth.\" She snapped the compact closed, placing it back in her Chanel bag, regaining her composure. Ava's friend, Tia Simpson, giggled from the backseat. \"We would have had your back.\" Ava snorted. \"I'll be sure to count on you next time, Tee.\" \"So, who was that fuzzy haired Dogtowner you were whispering with? Not your style, Ava.\" driver, Marissa McIvor, asked, with a curious sideways glance at Ava. \"I thought you liked a more blonde and blue eyed kinda guy – that Stacy Peralta dude, he seemed your type, although he had long hair… unless you're deciding to slum it?\" \"Oh, that's terrible, Marissa.\" Ava said critically, putting her long brown hair in a wavy bun and adjusting her shades over her eyes. \"Peralta?\" Marissa frowned, taking her eyes off the road momentarily to check her lipstick in the rear vision mirror. \"No, the way you described him. That's rude.\" \"Look who grew a social conscience.\" Abbey Holland giggled, beside Tia. \"Hey, don't throw stones at glass houses, Ab. Who was the messy blonde boy you were talking to with Gabi and Val?\" Ava turned to her friend who in turn blushed and hid her brown eyes behind her sunglasses. \"He looked about 13.\" Ava scoffed. \"Cradle snatching, were we?\" \"Eww, no!\" Abbey replied bashfully. \"He's not my type, he was giving Gabi grief, Gabi said something like, 'you blew my mind!' after his freestyle or whatever it was called and he retorted 'you wanna blow me?' and being the upstanding female that she is, she came back with a coy 'maybe'.\" Marissa laughed. \"Gabi isn't a huge slut, but she'll contemplate most guys.\" \"You guys are atrocious, Gabi is lovely.\" Ava sighed, wishing her friend's weren't giving Gabi such a hard time, especially when she wasn't there to defend herself. Ava wasn't a saint, but she generally wasn't one for idle gossip as she was once a victim of it herself. It wasn't overly harsh, but being the new kid a few years back surely made her a target for the odd rumour or two. \"All right, change of topic.\" Tee announced, freaked out at her friends disagreeing. \"It's getting a little too tense in here.\" \"You're right, who wants to get dinner before we get home?\" Marissa asked. \"My treat.\" \"Sounds good to me!\" Abbey exclaimed. \"I'm in.\" Tia added. Ava stayed silent. \"Ave?\" Marissa asked quietly. \"Yeah, I'll come.\" Ava finally replied. After paying the check, Marissa announced, \"I need to use the little girls' room.\" She stood up and collected her purse. Tia mimicked her moves and followed her to the bathroom, leaving Abbey and Ava to their own devices. \"So, you got invited to that Zephyr party? Are you gonna go?\" Abbey asked. \"No, why would I actually go?\" Ava asked, sipping her water. She relaxed back in the booth of the girl's local diner, a perplexed look on her face. \"What? You wanna go or something?\" she stretched her long limbs, before crossing her arms. \"Well, it would be better than heading to the movies or something boring with Marissa and Tia. I would like the possibility of making out with some random on a Saturday night instead of letting my youth fade in a cinema with my girlfriends.\" \"I see your point.\" Ava had to giggled. \"Shh, Marissa is coming back – I'll call you when she drops us off.\" Marissa and Tia sat back down a few seconds later. \"So, what are we doing tonight?\" Marissa asked. Ava lightly kicked Abbey under the table across from her, hoping Abbey would follow her lead. \"I think I'm gonna stay in – lots of homework to catch up on. But you guys head out, have fun!\" \"Oh, Ava, you're a huge geek.\" Marissa stated, rolling her eyes as Ava's jaw dropped. \"Oh, I'm kidding.\" Marissa lied with a laugh. \"You know I adore you.\" \"I'm actually not free either, we've got relatives coming to this house tonight.\" Abbey spoke up as Marissa sighed. \"Argh, you two suck. Fine, Tee, wanna see a flick or something?\" \"Sounds great.\" Tia agreed, only too happy to tag along with anything that Marissa suggested. As the richest girl in the school, most of whatever Marissa McIvor said goes. Ava had grown old of it long along, as had Abbey and were slowly pulling away from Marissa and her one true worshipper, Tia. Marissa was loud, bossy and obnoxious, she was adored through fear, Ava was sure of it. \"Awesome, let's go so these two can go have an early night.\" Marissa muttered.[Chapter 2] A/Nrn- Hi there – thanks to Skylinebabe for her encouragement. Somernfamiliar faces pop up in this chapter and beyond. Slow start, I know,rnbut I wasn't going to throw us in the deep end with Z-Boys overloadrnright away ;) Anotherrnquickie, I'm basing this story on the characters, with not a lot ofrnemphasis on actual dates so much as referring to specific eventsrnalthough I've tried my best to be accurate… this is far too longrnfor a A/N at the start of a chapter hehe Please enjoy and I welcomernall questions and comments. Cheers, RT. \"So, looks like you made it after all…\"rnTony said to himself, pushing some messy, curly, sun bleached hairrnfrom his face. He made a beeline for the tall brunette he'd metrnthat afternoon as she entered the party at the Zephyr store laterrnthat night.[Chapter 3] Just a quick thanks to sovereignty'd for the comments, it's much appreciated and as promised, I'll catch up on your FF this weekend. Just a quick one, Happy Easter! Thanks to those that have added me to their alerts, if you have any comments, it would be ace. No comments doesn't tell me if you're interested and I value all feedback and might be convinced to post a tad quicker tee hee - Cheers, RT x \"Ava, please, your father and I have had these engagements with the Walkers for a few weeks now and you promised you would baby-sit your brother. It will get you out of the house for a while too. You've been studying a whole lot lately, you could do with some sun; it's good for you.\" Elisa said as she fussed with her earrings in her bedroom mirror. \"Please, sweetheart?\" \"Mum, I don't have the time to drive Declan all over greater LA to skateboard competitions. I know he's ridiculously obsessed with it at the moment, but I have an assignment due in a week and it would be nice to get a head start on it today.\" Ava whined, sitting on her parents' bed, limply, exaggerating her frustration. \"Honey, humour me and your brother, please?\" Elisa sighed as she faced her daughter, who was now openly sulking. Elise smiled brightly. \"If you go, I'll get that tennis bracelet you were looking at a few weeks back at the mall.\" Ava pouted. \"Mum, I can't you're blackmailing me!\" she exclaimed. \"Is it working?\" Elisa asked optimistically, biting her lip. Ava lay back, with a loud sigh. \"Yeah, okay.\" \"Good girl.\" Elisa grinned. \"Your brother will be thrilled, it will be nice for you two to spend some time together. You're both growing up so fast!\" \"Argh!\" Ava said dismally as she huffed her way out of her parents' bedroom. Elise sighed, knowing she'd won Ava over for the meantime – if she would be bearable for the next month was the next area to tackle. The relationship between mother and daughter had always been a strained one. Ava put it down to Elise's jealousy over Ava's options in life, going to school and making the most of her education. Elise was married and pregnant with Ava's older brother barely after graduation to the rich family in town's youngest son, Ava's father, Harry. Elise didn't exactly make things overly easy or Ava either. As the only daughter, Elise protected Ava fiercely. Elise knew Ava was smarter than she was, but it surely didn't ease her mind with Ava out all hours with her girlfriends, even if she was sure there wasn't any boys on the scene. Ava had become so secretive over the last 12 months, Elise growing increasingly more frustrated each time Ava left the house. In fairness, maybe Elise wasn't jealous of Ava and only wanted the best for her. Either way, the demands Elise placed on Ava was enough to cause many a rift between the teen and the parent, and the Mitchell men always wondering when the final blow up may be. Finding a free carpark, 9 year old Declan Mitchell burst out of the Elise Mitchell's Mercedes convertible and immediately scanned for familiar faces, his head darting in many different directions. Ava wasn't sure who he was looking for exactly, but he'd been nattering about the guys she'd 'partied' with a few weeks earlier the whole trip. According to Declan, the Zephyr team was quite exciting and doing things that most had never seen (as far as he knew), let alone imagined. The buzz generated out of the Del Mar competition had word going all over southern California. \"And what are you doing here, Miss Mitchell?\" Gabrielle Cooper asked as she walked over to Ava, who gave Gabi a surprised smile. \"You look great, as always. Skateboard competitions don't strike me as you're thing though…\" Gabi grinned. Ava laughed as Declan jumped on his board and headed over to the competition area where a boy in yellow and red was showing off tricks to an awed audience around him. \"Hey, Gabi.\" the girls greeted each other with kisses on the cheek. \"I don't mind the skateboarding, but I'm here under duress today, my mum is actually bribing me.\" \"Walker drinks?\" Gabi tilted her head to the side, thoughtfully. \"How'd you know?\" Gabi laughed. \"My olds are there too.\" Gabrielle rolled her eyes. \"Joys of WASPS, hmm? So, it's just you and your little brother? He is such a little cutie!\" Gabi commented as Declan balanced perfectly on his board. \"You may be the only person who has ever said that.\" Ava looked on to where Declan had headed, keeping a mindful eye on him as he watched some boys in street clothes terrorize a crowd of girls, a feat Declan seemed utterly impressed with. Ava sighed, giving her attention back to Gabi. \"Yeah, didn't bother inviting the other girls, doesn't strike me as their thing, to be completely honest with you.\" \"Not hard to imagine.\" Gabrielle fluffed her blonde hair, giggling. \"I'm only here for those Zephyr boys, that Tony Alva is way cute.\" She added, with a wink. \"Ahh…\" Ava nodded slowly, choosing to keep her opinion on him to herself. She continued, \"Yeah, the Zephyr team is pretty great, I hear. I didn't pay to much attention about who skated for who last time I was at one of these things. Was like a blur of unwashed beach hair and tattered jeans.\" Gabi laughed. \"You kill me, Ave! And, yeah, I totally agree.\" She latched onto Ava's wrist gently. \"Hey… Abbey told me you two went to one of their parties a few weeks ago. How'd you get in?\" she asked, slightly quieter, as if it were a huge secret. \"I hear they're, like, fiercely private about inviting people like us …\" \"Yeah, we went for a little while. Was easy enough to get in, one of the boys invited us.\" Ava decided not to tell her who. Gabi was gorgeous, the epitome of the California Girl – if she made the effort to get Tony's attention, she'd certainly get it with little to no effort. \"Wasn't really our scene though, we left after about 15 minutes, if that.\" \"Oh.\" Gabi seemed disappointed. \"Lots of Dogtowners?\" \"Well, it is their area.\" Ava replied. \"We just didn't fit in, it was fairly obvious.\" \"That's probably true.\" Gabi agreed. \"Hey, who are you here with?\" Ava realized, with a frown. \"Alone?\" \"Oh, God, no!\" Gabi exclaimed, laughing, the idea very foreign to her. \"Val's here, she's getting us some refreshments, seriously, how hot is it today? Jesus…\" Gabi fanned herself. \"Absolutely!\" Ava agreed. \"Well, anyway, I better let you get back to your brother and we might catch up with you later. Have a good afternoon, babe. Enjoy yourself!\" Gabi grinned, heading into the direction Vickie was waving from, hands full with sodas. Ava caught up to Declan as Stacy Peralta walked past and gave her a small frown that turned into a little smile as he seemed to recall her semi-familiar face. Ava froze, swearing under her breath, feeling herself break into an anxious sweat. She thought she'd be able to save face and not see him that day… or ever again if she was really lucky, after she'd embarrassed herself beyond belief the last time they'd spoken. Images ran through her head, flashes of that night, mortifying her as if she had just walked away from it. \"Holy crap, Ava, how do you know Sta-cy Per-al-ta?!\" Declan demanded in syllables to emphasize himself, bringing Ava back to her unfortunate reality, as Stacy, not hearing Declan, headed to the makeshift Zephyr stand which Declan was then manically dragging her to. \"Uhh, I don't, honestly. And don't say crap.\" She said warily. In the last 6 months, the only things that had spilled out of Ava's younger brother's mouth was, 'skateboarding this, skateboarding that!' It had gotten to the point of beyond frustrating, but it was refreshing that he now had an interest outside of comic books. \"How much for a board, sir?\" Declan asked excitedly as they stopped before a shaggy haired blonde man, a cigarette dangling from his lips, who Stacy was now standing beside, signing his autograph for other keyed up kids. \"How much you got, kid?\" the guy replied, looking through the old potato sack bag, with ZEPHYR scrawled at the bottom in marker. \"40.\" Declan reported. \"You're 10 short, kid. If you ain't got it, move along.\" Ava's jaw gaped, shocked at the bluntness of the man to her young brother. Something told her that the man was like that to most people though. Stacy caught her gaze and gave her an apologetic shrug in return and kept signing. \"Ave, can I please borrow another 10?\" Declan begged. \"Please?\" \"You need to calm down, Deccie.\" Ava told him gently, handing him the note reluctantly. In return, the man passed Declan a multi-coloured Zephyr Skateboarding skateboard. Ava thought Declan might spontaneously combust because of it and didn't vocalize the fact she thought the board looked quiet cheap. \"Here ya go, kid. Look, you now have a Zephyr team skateboard!\" the man forced the words out, along with his excitement for Declan, who ignored him. \"Tell all your friends where to find me.\" \"Thanks, Ave!\" Declan nudged her with gratitude. \"Uhh, hey, Stacy, could I have your signature, please? My name is Declan.\" He accepted the board from Declan. \"No problem, buddy. D-E-C-L-A-N?\" Stacy asked. \"Yeah.\" \"Rad. 'Declan, All the best, Stacy Peralta'.\" Stacy said as he scribbled his scratchy, almost illegible, handwriting on the board. \"Keep moving along, Stacy.\" The man stammered, obviously trying to sell more boards. \"Sorry, Skip.\" Stacy said, as he moved out of the way with Ava and Declan, handing Declan back his new board as Declan palmed his older one off the his sister. \"So, do you skate a lot, Declan?\" \"As much as I can. Thanks for the signature, this is awesome!\" Declan said, he quickly dropped the skateboard to the ground and tried to do a 360. Missing it, he only replaced the board and tried again. \"No problem. Enjoy it, man.\" Stacy encouraged. \"Umm, I was wondering, do you teach skating?\" Declan asked, focused on his tricks. \"Me, skateboarding is only for fun really. But if you ever need any advice, feel free to come have a chat with me at skate comps, I'll give ya a hand, no problem.\" \"Really?\" Declan's green eyes almost budged out of his light tanned face. Stacy chuckled, he was always fascinated of how little kids looked up at him and his teammates. Ava shook her head. \"Declan, I think Stacy has other stuff to do.\" She was itching to get away from him and hopefully find a nice rock to hide under for the rest of her life. \"Nah, it's okay.\" Stacy reassured her, brushing the notion away. \"Declan, wanna go practice for a bit? You can show me your moves if you like, we'll give your sister a break for a while.\" \"That would be awesome!\" the kid exclaimed, grabbing the board and moving to a freer area. Stacy gave Ava a small smile. \"You don't have to be home soon?\" he asked, politely. \"Not really. But you don't have to do that with him, Stacy.\" Ava told him, relaxing a little bit as his generosity to her annoying little brother. \"I'm sure you've got other things you need to be doing instead.\" \"I've got a bit of time before my next event anyway, it's fine. Really, it's a nice break from signing my name.\" He shrugged, aloof. \"I think you've got a pretty secure fan base.\" Ava stated the obvious as kids and many teenage girls kept their eyes firmly on him, keen on his next move. He blushed. \"Skating is fun, the limelight, not so much.\" He said quietly and shrugged, heading over to her brother as they started showing each other what they could do. Ava was impressed that Stacy had even bothered to give her younger brother the time. She took a seat on a bench and crossed her legs under her, watching Declan show Stacy a move with seemed to please the older boy. \"Could you show me your 900?\" Declan pleaded as Stacy laughed, obviously it wasn't the first time he'd been asked. \"What the hell is a '900'?\" Ava mumbled to herself as Stacy agreed to and performed the trick with such simplicity, Ava was almost floored. \"Oh.\" She blinked a few times, getting her answer. After about 15 more minutes of showing each other their better tricks, they both returned. \"All right, Deccie, what do you think, mate? We have to get back for dinner tonight. Aaron is in town.\" Declan sighed grudgingly. \"Yeah, I s'pose. Aaron is our older brother.\" Declan filled Stacy in as if they'd been friend's for years. \"Ahh,\" Stacy grinned. \"Well, it was nice to see you again, Ava.\" Stacy said. \"Might bump into you again soon or something?\" he dug his hands in his back pockets. She gave him a small smile in return. \"And Declan, if you need any help or anything, you know where to find me.\" \"Absolutely!\" Declan exclaimed. They high-fived. And pigs might fly out of my parents' butts if they ever heard of Declan associating with Stacy or his teammates, Ava thought. \"Hey, Ava?\" Stacy said quietly as Declan ran off to retrieve his board. \"I just wanna say thanks for your kind words a few weeks ago after what happened with me and Kathy. It was sweet.\" Ava blushed terribly, looking away at the feel of her face flush. \"Uhh, yeah,\" she said, causally. \"Forget about it.\" So much for getting away with it… Ava thought numbly. \"I just wanted you to know, it meant a lot. To me.\" He finished quietly. \"I'd better keep moving, I have a slalom comp shortly.\" \"Good luck, I guess.\" Ava said quietly, still not meeting his eyes. \"See ya, Stacy!\" Declan cried as Stacy smiled. \"Take care of yourselves, guys.\" Stacy said as he turned heel and headed back to his friends. Ava exhaled, feeling like she'd been holding her breath since she saw him that day. \"You okay?\" Declan gave her a puzzled look. \"You look like worried about something.\" \"Nah,\" Ava shook her head. \"I'm fine, let's go, Deccie.\" \"That was the best afternoon, ever!\" Declan exclaimed, jumping on his board and heading back towards the car. \"Thanks for bringing me… even though I know you didn't really want to.\" Declan gave her a quick hug while no one appeared to be watching. Ava sighed and nodded, following a short way behind, praying he didn't fall and they would have to make a stop past the emergency room on the way home.[Chapter 4] A/N: Sorry for a bit of time in between chapters, have been extremely busy of late. Hopefully another chapter towards the end of the week if anyone is interested. Thanks for the feedback, always appreciate the constructive stuff too! Cheers, RT x \"Who was that you were just talking to, Peralta?\" Nathan Pratt demanded as Stacy, hands jammed in his pockets and head lowered, headed back over to the Zephyr team who were waiting for Jay Adams' freestyle event. \"Yeah, and how to I get her to date me?\" Allen Sarlo grinned, not making a secret to Stacy the girl he was speaking to was certainly fair game at this stage. Stacy blushed as Sarlo leered over him, raising a particularly interested eyebrow. \"I dunno what you're talking about.\" Stacy mumbled as Pratt and Sarlo laughed loudly, Sarlo slugging Stacy's shoulder albeit playfully. \"That was that girl from the party a few weeks back!\" Jim Muir spoke up with a huge grin. \"Yeah, the one you almost knocked over…\" \"Correction, you knocked me into her.\" Stacy sighed, waiting for the barrage of humiliation to start, taking a step back. \"Yeah, you're welcome, dude.\" Jim laughed. \"I didn't see her,\" Wentzle Ruml scratched his shaggy blonde head. \"Yeah, you should absolutely be dating that chick.\" Pratt whistled, ignoring Wentzle's comment. \"But she may be too hot for you.\" He joked, jabbing at Stacy's chest forcefully as Stacy sighed. \"She have any hot friends at least? Looks just the age I like 'em.\" \"Nah, it's not like that, Ava's just a nice girl, and she brought her little brother today.\" he explained to his friends who gave him disbelieving smiles in return. \"We've spoken, like, twice.\" Stacy said, rocking on his heels, not overly amused. \"You know what they say about the nice girls, Peralta.\" Pratt winked, knowingly. Stacy had to laugh. \"Don't talk about her like that. Come on, guys.\" \"Ooh, he defended her.\" Sarlo cut in. \"Yup, Stacy likes her.\" Stacy pulled a face. \"She's not here to defend herself; someone should.\" \"Give him a break, guys.\" Craig Stecyk said. \"Get you head into the game.\" As the boys calmed themselves, Peggy Oki approached Stacy, wearing a friendly smile and her skateboard under her arm. \"Don't let those dumbasses get to you, Stace.\" She said, politely. Stacy grinned, with a chuckle. \"I'm not, if I'm used to one thing, it's a two-pronged attack from Sarlo and Pratt.\" He said. \"How have you gone this afternoon? Sorry I missed your freestyle, I was with Skip.\" \"That's okay, did pretty good. Got me some 9s and an 8.\" \"Right on.\" Stacy lightly thumped her shoulder. \"I'm sure you were awesome.\" She shrugged. \"We'll see.\" She laughed. \"So what did you get up to today?\" Marissa asked as Ava grabbed her purse, following her out of the Mitchell's living room and into the cool Malibu Spring evening. Marissa had convinced Ava to skip the books and study to socialise. \"Oh,\" Ava said, getting in the passenger side of Marissa's car, noting Tia in the back. \"Hey, Tee. I ended up taking Declan to a skateboard thing that Mum conned me to me to take him too. He got a new board, he was happy. I think I got a bit of sun though.\" she frowned, looking at her slightly pink arms. \"More skateboarding, huh?\" Marissa gave a coy grin. \"I am actually appreciating the skill level involved.\" Ava admitted, forgetting about her sunburn. \"Not the boys?\" Tee teased. \"Well, that doesn't hurt.\" Ava admitted with a giggle. \"Which one do you have your eye on, Ave?\" Tee asked, sliding forward to talk to her, an interested smirk on her features. Ava blushed. \"Come on, you know they aren't my kind of guys.\" Ava sighed. \"Why not? Gorgeous, athletic and rude doesn't float your boat?\" Marissa snickered. \"That's not true, they aren't all like that. That Stacy guy is nice. He was giving Declan pointers for about 20 minutes earlier today, it absolutely made his day. Now you can't tell me that he had to do that.\" Ava replied pointedly. \"That's true, but you're also a cute brunette, that would have made it more bearable for him.\" Marissa said monotone. \"So, what movie are we seeing?\" Marissa changed the subject as they headed towards the local cinema centre, Ava sitting beside her in shock at her last utterance. \"Is there anything even on?\" Tee replied, settling into her seat. \"Doubtful.\" Marissa sighed. 'Another fascinating night,' Ava dismally thought to herself. \"Hey, babe.\" Gabi smiled as she took her seat in front of Ava in their 3rd period English class the following week, immaculate from head to toe. \"Where have you been hiding? Thought I might have seen you at the weekends Zephyr party.\" Ava fiddled with her pen. \"I wasn't aware there was one, but I think I'll live having not gone.\" She grinned. \"Did you have fun?\" \"Yeah,\" she shrugged. \"I stuck out like a broken thumb though.\" She admitted, rolling her eyes. \"But,\" her face brightened again. \"I hung out with Tony Alva for a while.\" Her eyes flashed happily. \"Sounds like you had a good night.\" Ava forced a laugh. \"Great night.\" Gabi corrected. \"Wish you were there. We would have had a great time, we haven't partied in months, missy.\" Gabi reminded her of the last fiesta at Vickie's that ended with most of the attendees finding bushes to lose their lunches in after one too many drinks or hits. Ava giggled. \"We were at our finest hours. I've severely cut down my alcohol intake since.\" \"Aww, Drunk Ava is awesome. You should unleash her again soon.\" Gabi winked with a giggle. \"Is Sober Ava that boring?\" Ava raised an eyebrow with a grin. \"Absolutely not.\" Gabi laughed. \"She's fabulously awesome too.\" The bell rang. Gabi sat closer to whisper as their teacher entered the room. \"This weekend, after a meet in San Diego, party. Come along, I think you'll have a good time.\" She said, turning back to face the front, leaving the idea in Ava's head. \"You let me know if you want a lift.\" \"So, what, you wanna go?\" Abbey asked as she and Ava blew off 5th period study hall and caught the afternoon sun on the quad. \"I thought the last party we went to was our first and last foray into Dogtown parties?\" Abbey adjusted her shades over her eyes. \"Yeah, so did I.\" Ava bit her lip. \"Maybe we were just being snobs last time?\" \"It was a culture shock.\" Abbey stated. \"We weren't being snobs.\" Ava shrugged. \"Maybe you could actually make out with one of the boys there this time?\" she joked, reminding Abbey of her last excuse to go. Abbey smirked. \"Sit on it, Mitchell. Are we inviting Marissa and Tee?\" \"Absolutely not.\" Ava stated. \"Are you nuts? After last weekend, as far as I'm concerned, my time around them will now be extremely limited – they sucked my lifeblood from me.\" Abbey laughed. \"Aww, I'm glad I had a family thing on.\" \"Yeah, great for you…\" Abbey smiled. \"Okay, let's degrade ourselves for another Saturday night.\" \"Awesome.\" Ava was satisfied. \"Ave… Is there another reason that you want to go?\" Abbey pressed. Ava pouted. \"No.\" \"Are you lying to me?\" Ava laughed as she replied. \"I have no ulterior motives, I swear.\" \"I don't believe you,\" Abbey smiled widely as Ava frowned. \"You're a terrible liar.\" \"I'm not… lying.\" Ava said meekly, lowering her eyes. \"Well, you're certainly hiding something and I'm sure as hell going to find out what it is before we head out on Saturday night – \" Abbey was interrupted by the bell. Ava's face lit up, happy for the interruption, jumping up and making a dash for her next class. \"This isn't over, Mitchell!\" Abbey yelled after her. \"I'll get what I need out of you before Saturday night if it's the last thing I do!\" \"Damn, you are excited.\" Abbey giggled as she wandered into Ava's bedroom on Saturday night, Ava not noticing. She was in front of her mirror, putting on what looked like the finishing touches of her light make up, Stevie Wright's 'Evie' loudly filling the room, Ava dancing to it. \"'Evie, Evie - let your hair hang down…You got the body of a woman, the way you move it like a queen. You got the face to raise a riot, and still you're only seventeen – '\" Ava saw Abbey make herself comfy on her 4-poster bed. \"Sorry.\" She blushed, turning the stereo down. \"Didn't hear you come in.\" \"It's okay, my ears are accustomed to Australian rock now.\" Abbey laughed, rubbing her ears playfully. \"You almost ready to go?\" \"Think so.\" Ava straightened herself out. \"Do I look okay?\" \"Awesome, as always. You seem to be going to a lot of trouble tonight.\" Abbey noted. \"It's a Saturday night, am I not allowed to get dressed up accordingly?\" \"Of course.\" Abbey stifled a laugh. \"You're terrible.\" Ava rolled her eyes. \"I know that there's a reason you want to go and I'm hell bent on finding out what it is.\" Abbey shrugged as Ava put on her sandals and picked up her clutch. Ava sighed. \"You won't take my word for it I just want to have some fun?\" \"Nope.\" \"Well, if that's the case, you'll just have to wait and see then, hmm?\" \"I hate you.\" Abbey groaned. \"Hate is such a strong word, Ab.\" Ava grinned, knowing she was obviously joking, slapping Abbey's thigh to get off the bed and get up. \"I promise, you'll find out soon enough.\" \"He'd better be really cute, that's all I'm saying.\"[Chapter 5] Hi all – my apologies for not posting sooner, but I've recently started a new job and don't have too much spare time and it probably will get worse before it gets better. But I'll make an effort to get another chapter out this weekend before I go MIA again. Thanks for all your comments. Please don't hesitate to say exactly what you think, I'm starting to think that this story is just gold and needs no amendments LOL And I think that is certainly not the case. I can take the criticism, so please offer any, along with compliments you may have. Cheers, RT x \"Zephyr store, take two.\" Abbey said as she and Ava headed in to the store a few days later, holding hands hesitantly. \"How did we end up here again?\" she frowned as they scanned the people in the hazy room. \"Here's how I see it,\" Ava started. \"If it's as bad as the last time, we just don't bother again.\" she instructed as they worked their way further into the store, looking for a recognizable face. Gabi? Vickie? Either to be seen but both to be expected. They found Stacy and he scoped them out, waving slightly with a generous smile. Stacy swallowed, begging his eyes not to betray him and take in Ava's full view. It was now no secret that to his friends he thought she was easy on the eyes and tonight was no exception, as Red Dog walked past giving him a rough nudge. \"Get her, dude.\" He urged him. Stacy made a face, pushing him away. \"Go away!\" Stacy hissed, as Red Dog laughed, walking away at his friend's demand. Ava wore her brown hair swept into a long side ponytail that sat over her tanned shoulder and she a fitted cream tank top with slight silver stripes that ran horizontally with low riding light mauve shorts, allowing just the slightest hint of a toned belly and silver sandals. \"Dammit.\" He muttered to himself, realized he'd done exactly what he was working to avoid. \"Ouch, that's my hand, sweetheart,\" Abbey giggled to herself as Ava's grip on Abbey's hand tightened. Abbey figured out the tall blonde boy approaching was certainly Ava's cause for Ava's apprehension. Was this the one she chatted to briefly at that meet she took her brother to? Abbey was smart enough to know that if Ava wasn't interested in him for some reason, she surely wouldn't have mentioned him although Ava had been fairly vague about him when filling Abbey in. Ava waited with Abbey as Stacy wandered over, saying a quiet hello. \"I think you guys met the last party maybe?\" Ava couldn't recall, standing between Abbey and Stacy. \"Anyway, Abbey, this is Stacy, Stacy, Abbey.\" \"Hey, Stacy.\" Abbey grinned, looking at Ava, an interested glance playing on her features. She certainly could not blame Ava for her fantastic taste in guys, that's for sure. \"How are you both?\" Stacy asked, jamming his hands in his back pockets. \"Great, thanks.\" Abbey answered brightly. \"Pretty good.\" Ava said, with a shrug. Abbey rested her hand on the small of her friend's back, hoping to encourage her. Ava seemed to take the bait as she perked up suddenly. \"Check this out! You'll appreciate this, Stacy.\" She revealed a massive gash on her elbow. \"Ouch, oh my gosh!\" Stacy frowned before chuckling, grabbing her arm to get a proper look at the scabby remains of where her elbow once was. \"Looks like you lost that fight. What did you do to yourself?\" \"This is my first and last foray into the world of skateboarding.\" Ava announced. \"You skated?!\" Stacy's eyes lit up. Hot and a skateboarder? She's perfect, say you'll be mine, he thought, a dreamy smile playing on his full lips. \"Not exactly. I walked out to the backyard to talk to my dad about something since he was home for once and as I stepped down the last step, I slipped over Declan's new skateboard.\" She replied. \"The one you signed for him.\" she added for good measure. Stacy laughed wildly. \"Oh, wow, you totally got your ass kicked.\" \"It was bloody mortifying!\" Ava blushed terribly, although keen on their interaction. She almost enjoyed his last unsympathetic reaction to her injury – not quite flirting, but she knew talking about skateboarding would be a great conversation starter. \"My dad and brother both saw me fall… and both laughed unmercifully.\" \"Well, it's an impressive war wound nonetheless.\" He gently released her arm. \"I was kinda wondering if you'd come tonight.\" He admitted quietly, rubbing his neck, nervously. \"Well, we had nothing else on.\" Ava looked at Abbey for confirmation, and noted her sudden disappearance. Where'd she get to? No doubt looking for some sort of trouble. Ava had a theory that Abbey thrived on catastrophe at times, as her best friend relished her freedom when able to. \"Well, that's good. Wanna head outside? It's really stuffy in here.\" He suggested. \"Yeah, that sounds nice.\" Ava said as he let her guide them through the crowd of Z-Boys, adults and other various hangers-on. Ava was glad to get away from the group, only to be stopped by Gabi, who was flirting madly with Tony, obviously after a few drinks, Ava figured. Gabi squealed, hugging Ava. \"I was wondering if you'd come, miss. Tony, this is Ava, we go to school together.\" she introduced them. \"We've met.\" Ava muttered. \"It's good to see you, hanging out with Peralta now, I see?\" Tony sniped. \"Looks like.\" Gabi frowned, curiously. \"Do you two know each – \" \"You look awesome, Gabi. Have you met Stacy?\" Ava cut her off. On the spot, Stacy blinked and broke into a friendly smile, raising his hand in salutation. \"Nice to meet you. Gabi, was it?\" \"Yeah, short for Gabrielle.\" Gabi grinned, lightly pinching Ava's side, excited for her friend, who hid her cringe. Gabi pointed at his t-shirt. \"You're on the Zephyr team with Tony too?\" \"Ahh, yeah.\" Stacy nodded. \"Wow, there is a lot of you guys.\" \"You're with the only one that matters, babe.\" Tony smiled, wrapping his arm around Gabi's shoulders, giving a pointed look at Ava who, in turn, gave a look of smugness right back to him. Gabi giggled, the situation clearly lost her, turning her attention back to Tony. \"Come on.\" Stacy whispered, giving Ava a small grin, taking her hand and leading her away from the pair, in case an exchange was about to flair up between them, their body language clearly pointed to it. It didn't take too much to start Tony, and Stacy was well aware of Tony's interest in Ava before she moved on to – well, in Stacy's opinion, hopefully him. \"Phew, it's nice out here.\" Ava said. It had been a long, hot day and the store had seemed to retain the heat, a steamy thick air filling the small, smoky rooms. \"Much better out here.\" \"I agree.\" Stacy grinned. \"So, how is your brother enjoying his new skateboard when you're not falling over it, of course?\" Stacy sat on the cool sidewalk with a slight smirk, Ava wandered around him, not settling on the ground yet. Ava chuckled. \"Hmm. Yeah, he seems to love it. He witnessed the skateboard kick my arse so it's brought him nothing but joy so far.\" She shook her head, miserably. Ava said, finally settling back against the bright yellow wall of the store's exterior with a small smile, giving a few feet between them. He pulled off his light jacket. \"Here. Sit on this so you don't get a chill from the ground.\" He said, as she gladly accepted. \"You're sweet – you aren't cold though?\" He shook his head. \"No. I'm okay.\" He reassured her. \"Well, thanks.\" She gently sat herself down and it was silent for a moment, before she spoke again. \"So, aside from skateboarding, what else do you do, Stacy?\" \"Well, when I'm not surfing or skateboarding, I'm working. And go to school. It doesn't leave time for much else, really.\" He shrugged. \"Add to that, skate comps on weekends, I'm pretty full up.\" \"Must be tough, balancing skateboarding with school.\" Ava figured. \"Not made easy when my parents would prefer me focusing on school instead of my other distractions , as they like to call them.\" Stacy stiffened. Another day, another fight with his parents about where his priorities lay had been shared before he escaped the house earlier that evening. It was the only reason he'd ventured out to the party, to get away from their nit-picking even though he hadn't planned on it after a long shift at work. It was just a bonus Ava had come, he thought. She noted his discomfort and wasn't surprised when he changed the subject. \"When did you come out here? To The States, I mean.\" \"Umm, 18 months - two years ago?\" \"What are you, like, 16?\" \"Something like that.\" She laughed quietly. \"Will be 17 in December.\" \"Ahh, you're a baby, I'm 17 in a month.\" Stacy smiled. \"May baby.\" Ava commented. \"Yep.\" \"Where do you go to school?\" \"Santa Monica High. Private school for you?\" \"What gave it away?\" she feigned shock. Stacy gave a nervous grin, finding a stone to turn his gaze to when his cheeks flushed. \"Well, I thought it was fairly obvious with the car you left in after the last party.\" He told her as she nodded. \"Oh. It's my mum's, I don't have a car.\" \"It's awesome anyway, I could only dream to cruise around in something like that one day.\" Stacy said wistfully. \"One day.\" He promised with a smile. Ava froze, suddenly uncomfortable talking about that something as minute as the car she drove with him, realizing that a discussion about the socio-economic differences between their families probably wasn't on the cards that night. It was her turn to change the subject. \"Can I tell you something, Stacy?\" He raised an eyebrow, warily. \"Hmm?\" \"You have the blondest hair I have ever seen.\" He laughed, surprised. \"Right.\" \"No, seriously, my friends would kill for this colour.\" She reached over and played with a surprisingly smooth long blonde strand. \"They'd also be jealous to get hair as soft as this too.\" He laughed as she sat back. \"Yeah, this stuff is priceless. Lots of hours in the ocean to get hair like this.\" He sub-consciously tucked some hair back from his face. \"So, being from Australia, you surf?\" \"I sunbake.\" She replied, grinning. \"I used to surf a lot as a kid, but had a fall and smacked my forehead up pretty bad.\" She moved her face close to his, close enough for him to reach in and kiss her if he really wanted to, and moved her dark fringe to show off the little scar above her eyebrow. \"Wow, you're a real klutz, aren't you?\" She nodded. \"You wouldn't be the first person to tell me that.\" She giggled again. \"It probably wouldn't kill me to get out in the waves again. I guess the more I think about, I do kind of miss the freedom of being out on the water, just laying on the board and staring up at the blue sky and thinking about absolutely nothing.\" \"Wow, a surfer chick from Australia.\" Stacy grinned. \"Maybe we can arrange to go out one morning, you know, see if you've still got it?\" he teased. Ava snickered. \"Don't you worry, I've still got it. Almost sounds like you're challenging me though.\" \"Shouldn't sound like it, I was challenging you.\" He leaned back on his hands, proud of his ability to be a smartass, something that wasn't generally his forte. \"Ooh,\" Ava laughed, shaking her head. \"Okay, okay. You're on.\" \"Awesome.\" Stacy nodded, content and surprisingly, calm for the first time with Ava that evening. \"So, I think you should come to our skate session tomorrow.\" Bob Biniak whispered as he and Abbey sat cuddled up on a couch later that night. They had spent the last few hours talking, kissing and drinking and Abbey was a mess from the booze ingested… and the boy whose lap she was sitting on. \"I'll get you in.\" \"Why would I want to come to some 'skate session'?\" she scoffed, frowning. \"I dunno?\" He shrugged. \"I'd be there.\" \"Eh.\" She sighed. \"I'm pretty sure I'll have something far more exciting on.\" \"Really?\" he made a face. \"Yup.\" She said unapologetically. \"Hmm.\" He said dumbfounded. \"That's strange, that line usually works pretty good.\" He admitted, sipping his beer, slightly put off. \"I'm not impressed by the same things the locals girls may be.\" She thoughtfully reminded him. \"That's true. I forgot you're a Malibitch for a second there.\" Biniak grinned, sipping his beer as she gave him a dirty look. \"What? You don't agree?\" he was wondering when the slap would come, but when it didn't and Abbey's lips crashed down on his, he laughed and enjoyed it. \"I know you think you're slumming down, but I ain't such a bad guy. You'll figure it out.\" \"Don't talk; just kiss me.\" She ordered as he did as he was told.[Chapter 6] Sorry it's been so long between chapters, but haven't been feeling too sporty to post to be honest. Not begging for comments, but I would like to get an idea of what people think of the story, any questions or comments would be welcomed. Heck, might not be so long between drinks next time ;) Take care, RT. PS – have re-jigged chapters 1 and 2 into 1 chapter also x \"Well, I think it's about time Abbey and I get going.\" Ava said, yawning. \"I'm exhausted and have a few things that I need to get done tomorrow.\" She stretched before standing herself up, her body sore from sitting on the concrete for the last few hours. The time had escaped them both and either realized it was close to 1am. \"Oh.\" Stacy said, standing also. Ava bent down and passed him his jacket. \"Thanks, you can borrow it until next time if you want though.\" \"That's okay, I'll turn the heat on in the car if it's chilly.\" \"Okay, no problem.\" He said as Abbey stumbled out of the shop, guided by Biniak, who probably wasn't in the best frame of mind to be helping her. Stacy trotted over and forced Biniak into releasing Abbey, who giggled. \"Woah, woah,\" Stacy said, struggling to hold up Abbey. \"Ave, your Stacy Peralta is such a gentleman.\" She called. Ava's heart stopped, thoroughly embarrassed. She forced a laugh before distracting herself and unlocking the car so Stacy could help her in. He closed the door as Abbey fumbled to open the window, giving Biniak access to kiss her again. \"That's more than I need to see.\" Ava frowned, a tad grossed out at her drunk friend's lack of shame with the boy she'd just met. Stacy and Ava blushed as Stacy stepped closer to her again. \"I had a good night.\" \"Yeah,\" Ava nodded. \"Me too.\" Then she was stuck. She didn't know what to say – if it were a date it would be the point that they would kiss each other… but they weren't on a date, making things very unclear. \"Umm, thanks for helping Abbey into the car.\" It was the best Ava could come up with. Weak as, she chided herself. \"No problem.\" He replied, shuffling on his feet. \"Umm, yeah, well, I should go get her home.\" \"Absolutely.\" Stacy looked up. \"Well, I'll see you 'round, huh?\" \"Yeah, for sure.\" She replied. Stacy bit his lip, wishing he'd had another drink. Liquid courage wouldn't fail him like his soberness was now. He followed her around to the driver's side and gallantly opened her door. \"Thanks.\" She said, about to get in. \"Ava – \" he caught her arm and pulled her close. Her green eyes flashed confused as he left a small kiss on her lips. He blushed profusely, letting her go and stepping back. Ava broke into a small smile, not at all unhappy that he'd made a move on her, slight as it was. \"That was nice.\" Ava whispered. \"Yeah?\" She chuckled, crossing her arms over her chest. \"Yeah.\" \"I don't know what came over me.\" He said as they were again face to face. She gently put her warm hands to his flushed face and left another small kiss on his lips, one he didn't pull back quickly from. Stacy's hands gently drew her closer, resting on her hips. It wasn't an intense kiss, just a gentle, sweet, unobtrusive kiss. She smiled against his lips as they pulled away. \"There.\" She patted his chest. \"We'll leave it there until next time. Thanks for a lovely night, Stacy.\" She started the engine, background sound of Pink Floyd's Us and Them filling the area they were. \"Umm, oh, can I call you or something?\" he asked. \"That would be nice.\" She gave a small smile, grabbing her purse and foresting through it to find an old receipt to write her phone number on. \"Can you try and unpry Bob from Abbey though? I don't want to run his feet over. I dread my ill fortune if I run over a Z-Boy even if it's at their own fault.\" Stacy smiled finally. \"Yeah, in a sec.\" he moved back to the car and leaned through the driver's side window, leaving another mellow kiss on her lips. \"I like to get the last word in.\" She laughed. \"Then that was quite a statement to make.\" He shrugged modestly. \"Sometimes I do my best work when I don't speak.\" Ava laughed. \"So I see.\" \"I feel sick.\" Abbey whined beside her. \"We need to go, Ava…\" Ava sighed, resting her head on the steering wheel, wanting to throttle Abbey, her hopeless timing and possible upchuck reflexes as Stacy chuckled quietly. \"I should go before she has an accident and I'll have to clean it up.\" She said reluctantly. \"No problem, I'll talk to you soon.\" Stacy stepped back from the car, pocketing her number and went to the other side to pry Biniak away from the car. \"Goodnight, have a safe trip home.\" \"Whatcha up to, sweetheart?\" Harry Mitchell asked walking into his garage, surprised to find his daughter staring hard at the back wall, arms crossed over her chest. \"Silly question, but are you looking for something? Doesn't strike me as a place you hang out much.\" He sidled up next to her with a teasing grin and cast his gaze to the same direction as she did. \"Where's my surfboard?\" \"Your surfboard, really?\" he rubbed his jaw. \"Yes.\" She sighed. \"I'm beginning to think it didn't make it across the Pacific. I looked in here, I looked under the stairs inside, nothing.\" Harry crossed his arms. \"I think it's at the beach house… back at home.\" \"Torquay.\" Ava sighed. \"I believe so.\" Harry nudged her. \"Why? Surf bug finally bitten you again?\" \"Kinda.\" Ava didn't care to elaborate. \"I don't know if it's just a phase though.\" \"Thought it would have hit earlier to be honest, so many beaches to take your pick from here.\" Harry leaned back against his tool bench. \"Did you want to get out for a paddle or something?\" \"Was thinking about it.\" She replied, approaching her father's old long board carefully hung on the wall, her index finger gliding across the smooth wood. \"It's been a long time since I've been out there, I think I'd probably forget how to actually surf now.\" \"I doubt it, you used to rip it up out there, kiddo.\" Harry said with a smile. \"You'd beat your brother out the door in the morning and have to be dragged inside in the evenings.\" Harry said wistfully. \"Then you took that knock and you didn't get on one again.\" She shrugged. \"It was a pretty harsh concussion.\" She reminded him. \"It was, at least your bottom teeth were salvaged.\" He joked. \"Thanks.\" Ava had to chuckle. \"Did you want a new board?\" Harry asked, pulling his keys from his pocket and jangling them, hinting to his only daughter. \"I've got an hour before your mum and I have that stuffy dinner we have to be at. I could take you to a board shop and have a look at one. Hell, I wouldn't mind finding some time to get out there too… been so long since I've gotten in the water.\" He said wistfully, almost regrettably. \"Makes me miss home.\" \"Well, you became a successful lawyer and a great father, it wasn't going to leave you much time.\" \"True, I know.\" Harry brushed some sandy blonde hair from his bright blue eyes. \"I grew up on the waves just like you did.\" He stood up straight. \"Come on, let's go find us some new boards, kiddo. We're procrastinating here.\" Ava broke into a huge smile. \"Let me go get my purse!\" \"When was the last time you and I got out together, sweetheart?\" Harry asked as his daughter vigorously changed radio stations as they drove in his Porsche Targa convertible. Ava shrugged, settling on something Harry hadn't heard before. \"Who's this?\" \"Queen.\" \"Who's Queen?\" \"English rock band.\" \"Kids listen to this?\" Ava grinned. \"Yes, and they love it. Actually they aren't very big in the US yet, but I can imagine they're huge at home! Olivia – remember Olivia, who I went to school with? She sent me some stuff of their in her last letter.\" \"This doesn't sound like the stuff that's usually raging from your room.\" \"Yeah, it's a bit more mellow to what I'd usually listen to.\" Ava agreed. \"What's this song called?\" \"'Killer Queen'.\" \"Killer Queen.\" Harry repeated. \"Do you have this on record?\" Ava burst into hysterical laughter. \"Seriously, Dad, it's all about cassette players these days!\" she giggled again. \"Records.\" Harry sighed dismally. \"Music sure has changed since I was a kid.\" \"Yeah, it got a whole lot cooler.\" Ava said tongue in cheek. Harry made a face. \"I grew up in the 50s, not the Dark Ages, Ave.\" \"Oh, I'm sorry, I thought it was the same era?\" Ava feigned surprise as Harry gave her a sideways look, pulling into a parking lot. They both got out, meeting at the front door of the store. \"I forgot how hilarious you could be, kiddo.\" He sighed. \"Well, you are turning 45 year.\" She courageously reminded him. \"Alzheimer's is probably kicking in.\" \"Thanks for the reminder.\" He sighed, opening the door for his daughter. They entered the shop and instantly went in separate directions, hunting for the perfect boards to cram in the car with them on the way back home. \"If you weren't the apple of my eye, I'd probably be making you walk home.\" Ava laughed. \"Thanks, Dad, I won't forget your generosity in your old age.\" \"What are you doing?\" Abbey asked walking into the Mitchell's backyard, Tia on her heels. They were greeted with Ava on all fours, jeaned butt to their faces. Ava turned back to face them and Declan was on his skateboard over the other side of the yard. \"Hey, what's happening? Wasn't expecting you guys,\" Ava gave a curious smile, before standing up and revealing her new surfboard she had been waxing only seconds before. \"You surf?\" Tia asked. \"Haven't in a while, but am looking into starting again.\" She replied. \"Who let you in?\" \"Aaron, didn't know he was in town.\" Abbey winked. \"You're gross.\" Ava scoffed. \"Don't start.\" \"Can't help it, you're older brother is hot. College student hot.\" \"This is not a discussion we need to have, Ab.\" \"When we get married, you'll have to accept it.\" Abbey continued, smirking. \"Oh, my God.\" Ava rolled her eyes. \"What brings you two here?\" She hurriedly changed the subject. \"Boredom.\" Tia answered. \"We're gonna go get a few malts. Did you wanna come with us?\" \"Ahh, I'm not finished here, but you guys go on ahead. Thanks anyway.\" \"Well, if you want to join us later, you know where we'll be.\" Abbey said as she and Tia headed back into the house. \"Will do, later.\" Ava went back to her board, anxious of the possibility of using it as soon as possible… with a very cute true California boy to remind her how. \"Ava, Ava, Ava!\" Gabi exclaiming, skipping up to her Monday morning as Ava sifted through her locker for her Literature textbook that was refusing to be found. \"I've been looking for you! Where did you go hiding with that gorgeous blonde boy on Saturday night?\" Ava gave Gabi a small smile. \"Like, outside the shop, not far. You'd have found me if you looked.\" She joked. \"Ahh!\" Ava found her book, relieved. \"Oh.\" Gabi said. \"So, did you have fun?\" she brightened again. \"Yeah, not bad. Got home without Abbey vomiting all over my mum's Mercedes, always promising.\" Ava smiled. \"What about yourself? You looked fairly chummy with Alva.\" Gabi broke into a dreamy smile, pulling her textbooks to her chest happily. \"He's awesome.\" She sighed. \"You should have hung out with us a bit more.\" Ava wondered again if telling Gabi she thought Tony had a girlfriend was a wise choice. Ava opted against it, not wanting to ruin Gabi's Monday (and Ava having to feel guilty all week about breaking Gabi's heart). \"Well, I was hanging out with Stacy.\" \"Did you kiss him?\" \"Gabi!\" Ava blushed, slamming her locker shut. \"What?\" Gabi giggled. \"You can tell me. My God, Abbey was all over that other blonde boy with the bob.\" Ava had to smile. \"Bob does have a ridiculous haircut.\" \"Abbey was pretty hammered.\" \"She was okay yesterday when she came over with Tia.\" \"Holds her liquor well then.\" Gabi smiled. \"Will you be going to the San Diego meet this weekend?\" Ava shrugged. \"Probably not.\" \"No?\" Gabi pouted. \"Why, need someone to go with you? I'm sure Vickie will.\" \"Yeah, of course.\" Gabi brushed the notion away. \"Just hoping you're going is all.\" \"Aww.\" Ava chuckled, playfully nudging Gabi who grinned. \"You're sweet. But I probably won't go. I don't mind skateboarding, but I have a few assignments that I should get through, I've had a few slack weekends lately, need to re-focus.\" \"You're like, a genius as it is, Ave.\" Gabi said thoughtfully. \"If you want to come this Saturday, I'll drive. You let me know either way, though, okay?\" \"Okay.\" Ava shrugged as the bell rang. \"Lit?\" \"Chemistry. Catch ya later!\" Gabi said wandering in the direction of her lab while Ava headed upstairs to her class. \"Please?\" \"No.\" \"Ava!\" \"Abbey, you're making a scene.\" Ava hissed, urging Abbey to stand up and stop kneeling in the middle of their classmates in the busy hallway as Abbey groveled obscenely for Ava to come to the skateboarding competition the following day. \"Get up!\" \"You or Gabi haven't given me a break all week, would you please just get up?\" \"What are you doing, Abbey? For God's sakes.\" Marissa snickered. \"You look ridiculous.\" Marissa yanked Abbey up by the arm, much to Ava's relief. \"What the hell were you doing?\" Abbey blinked. \"Uhh, need math tutor. Ava is refusing.\" Ava laughed at her friend's very bad lie. \"Oh, is that you were asking about?\" \"And why are you refusing?\" Marissa asked. \"Abbey didn't ask politely.\" Ava taunted. \"Suddenly you're all about manners?\" Abbey said incredulously. \"Please's and thank you's will get you quite far.\" Ava winked. \"Please, please, will you tutor me on Saturday, Ava?\" Abbey gripped Ava's hand tightly as Marissa rolled her eyes, organising her school bag and jangling her keys impatiently. \"Hmm, what do I get out of it?\" Ava asked thoughtfully. \" Friendship .\" Abbey said through gritted teeth as Ava laughed. \"Argh, you owe me.\" Ava gave in. \"Awesome, let's go!\" Marissa ordered with a wicked snicker, leading the pair to her car and driving them both home.[Chapter 7] A/N – more to add in coming days. I have worked really hard to develop Ava and Abbey's friendship, if anyone could provide some feedback, it would be great. Thanks. \"What?\" Abbey yelled into the telephone, on the verge of a tantrum midday Saturday. \"What do you mean you can't come, Ava?\" she stood in her bedroom, organizing herself for the drive to San Diego and the day's festivities. \"My mum is making me baby-sit Declan and I can't get out of it.\" Ava said solemnly down the line. \"Trust me if I could come I would, Ab. I'm really sorry.\" \"Can't we just take him?\" Abbey whined. \"I asked, to be honest, mum wasn't keen on us going to San Diego in the first place. I'm homebound today, unless you can re-schedule a state-wide skateboard meet in my backyard?\" Ava suggested, a hint of humour in her voice. \"Yeah, probably short notice.\" Abbey muttered, disappointed. \"Hey, Gabi is going to head down there with Vickie. Call her and scoop a ride. She'd be more than pleased.\" Ava said. \"You guys will have a great time!\" \"Ave, it would be more fun with you.\" \"You're a suck.\" Ava laughed as Abbey joined in. \"Yeah, I call it desperate . All right, I'll call Gabi. If your plans change, come down okay, I'm sure Stacy would love to see you.\" \"He hasn't called since he got my number last week, I'm not holding my breath.\" Ava replied solemnly. \"He's probably intimidated. You're too hot for some skateboard loser anyway!\" \"Ha! That's one way to make me feel it by not calling – tad ironic that you're going to this skateboard competition to meet one of his mates there, hmm?\" Ava pointed out as Abbey stayed silent. \"Look I better go, Declan is pulling stuff from the fridge for what looks like the world's most heinous sandwich, if I stop him now I avoid the emergency room later. Have a good day and pop by tonight if you want. We can talk then.\" \"Okay, sounds good. Enjoy Candyland or whatever it is you do to make sure Deccie doesn't scale the walls.\" \"God bless colour television. Have fun and be safe.\" \"Yes, Mom. Bye.\" Ava giggled. \"Ciao.\" Ava hung up. \"Shit.\" Abbey said, finding her address book to call Gabi. Hopefully she hadn't missed her and could snag a lift… would look much less anxious if she arrived with one of her friends instead of solo. Right? Abbey wasn't so sure. Stacy frowned as he loitered with Red Dog that afternoon. Stacy was so sure he'd seen Ava's friend, the blonde one that was all over Biniak, from the party. He figured that would have made Ava a sure thing but apparently not. Even that other blonde that had hanging off Tony – \"Dude, I'm talking to you.\" Red Dog sniffed, annoyed. \"Sorry, man, in another world.\" Stacy blushed. \"No shit.\" Red Dog muttered. \"What's eating you?\" \"Nah, man, nothing.\" Stacy forced a bright smile. \"Hungry.\" \"Sounds like you.\" Red Dog snickered. \"Come on man, let's go get some grub.\" \"Yeah, absolutely.\" Stacy picked up his board and walked solemnly beside him. Red Dog quickly sensed the teen's angst beside him. \"I don't want to ask but you're making it obvious you're shitty about something…\" Red Dog sighed, resigning himself to Stacy's less than cheery mood. \"I – \" \"No, no.\" Red Dog laughed. \"I was totally not asking. If it's some chick, you're in the wrong place to worry.\" He nodded his head, ginger hair flailing into his blue eyes. \"There are a million broads here to help you get over what's her name. Just look around, man.\" \"Ava.\" \"I didn't ask. dude.\" Red Dog repeated. \"Besides, if she was interested, she'd be here.\" \"I didn't call her.\" Red Dog pursed his lips together. \"You're going to make me talk about emotions and shit… aren't you?\" he collected his board into his arms and stiffened. \"You should talk to Peggy, I doubt I'll be any good to you.\" \"No, no.\" Stacy rubbed his neck nervously, knowing better to have this conversation with any of his friends (this stuff was left to his mother when he was at wit's end – he wasn't there yet though). \"It doesn't matter, I've missed my shot with her anyway. Should have called her and didn't.\" \"Why didn't you?\" \"Dunno, nervous, I guess. Hottest girl by far that has ever bothered to look at me.\" \"Kathy is pretty hot.\" Red Dog grinned, a semi-sarcastic dig at Stacy. \"And look how well that turned out.\" Stacy sniped. \"Hold on, was this that girl that you were hanging out with at the shop last week? Brunette, tall, weird accent?\" \"Australian.\" Stacy supplied with a chuckle. Red Dog snaked Stacy. Hard. \"You didn't call her?\" \"Jesus, Red Dog!\" Stacy exclaimed, dropping his board with a loud clatter to rub his shoulder. He lifted his t-shirt sleeve to reveal a bright red mark that would certainly bruise. \"Nice one, asshole.\" \"Sorry.\" Red Dog replied. \"Just wanted to make my point.\" \"Which was?\" \"You're an idiot.\" Red Dog smirked simply, as they joined a refreshment line. \"Gee, great way to make that point.\" \"I thought so.\" \"I thought I saw Ava's friend, you know the one that was all over Biniak?\" \"Blonde Malibitch?\" \"Yup.\" \"Yeah, she's here, she and Bob were all over each other before.\" \"It was her?\" \"Yeah, Abbey, or something?\" Red Dog shrugged. \"2 Coca Colas.\" He ordered. Stacy nervously tapped his foot, turning around to see if he could spot Bob and his new friend. Red Dog rammed the bottle into Stacy's hands. \"You're welcome, Peralta.\" \"Oh, right. Sorry. Thanks.\" Stacy said as Red Dog wandered away, leaving Stacy to continue with his own dismal, agitated thoughts. \"Are you seriously going to stay in on a Saturday night?\" Abbey wailed as Ava hung a jacket in her walk in closet. \"It's awesome out tonight, we should at least go get some ice cream.\" \"I'm kinda not in the mood.\" Ava said, reappearing in her PJs. \"You're killing my social life, Ava Mitchell.\" \"Then go out without me.\" Ava replied, not at all offended. \"I can't, it won't be fun.\" Ava pursed her lips together. \"Is there something on that you're not telling me about?\" \"Nah, just some drinks at Bob's.\" \"And how did Bob go today?\" \"Most skilled tongue ever.\" \"Ew! No, I meant at the competition!\" \"Oh,\" Abbey let a small giggle escape her lips. \"Umm, yeah, 3rd place in freestyle or something?\" \"Sounds like you were paying a lot of attention.\" \"Yeah… not really.\" Abbey shrugged modestly. \"Slut.\" Abbey shrugged. \"Hey, at least I'm putting myself out there, Ave. You know what you want to ask me.\" \"I asked you how Bob went, you told me more than what I was actually interested in hearing, that's about it.\" \"Stacy was first place.\" \"Really?! In what?\" Ava's green eyes lit up before she could catch herself. \"Slalom.\" Abbey gave Ava a coy grin, knowing fully well her friend hadn't been able to catch her exhilaration quick enough. \"He looked cute. Girls loved him! I think it's the blonde surfer hair.\" \"Oh yeah?\" Ava muttered, sitting on her king size bed, cuddling into the pillows, partly wishing that they would swallow her and she could move on from this Stacy Peralta predicament. Abbey watched Ava go to ground, holding back her pain for her friend and persisting with rubbing it in just a minute longer. \"Yup. But he didn't seem interested. If anything, he looked a little bit out of it.\" \"Oh, well.\" Ava shrugged, trying desperately not to look like she cared. \"He didn't ask about you.\" \"That makes sense. He didn't call.\" Ava reminded Abbey. \"I think you intimidate him.\" \"Shuddup.\" Ava mumbled, playing with the tassels on her pillow. \"We both know that's bullshit.\" \"Not really, but that red headed one came up to me on the way back to Gabi's car, and he's like, 'hey, you're that Ava girl's friend, right?'\" she imitated gruffly. \"I'm like, 'uhh, maybe. Who are you and why do you want to know?'\" Ava had to laugh. Abbey was notorious for blowing things out of proportion. \"Oh, really?\" \"Yup. And then he's like, 'Yeah, Stacy was talking about her before, looking for her. She not here?'\" \"You're paraphrasing?\" Ava raised an eyebrow, suspiciously. \"I wish. They all really talk like that!\" Abbey exclaimed then broke into a smile. \"I just thought I'd let you know.\" \"Oh, well I feel 100 times better now and I'm not at all more confused than I was before this conversation.\" Ava said sarcastically, pulling her hair into a long ponytail. \"Thought so. So, organize yourself shit, we're going to have drinks at Bob's whether you like it or not.\" Abbey slapped Ava's bare thigh, hoping to kick start her into action. \"Come on, you clearly like this guy, do the hard stuff yourself for once. Get dressed, let's go!\" \"Nah,\" Ava said. \"You go, have a good night. I'm just gonna stay here.\" \"Argh, you're hopeless.\" Abbey grunted, getting up. \"I'm gonna go, I'll call you tomorrow.\" \"Have a good night,\" Ava said, not remotely interested in giving in to Abbey's begging. Abbey stomped out, slamming Ava's bedroom door after her. \"Well, that was uncalled for…\" Ava giggled to herself, before finding her new Rolling Stone and giving it her attention. \"Looks like it's just and I, Nug.\" Ava said, starting on an article on Ted Nugent. Ava sighed as she flicked through her Literature text the next night, not remotely interested. Hearing the phone ring, she left it until she heard the thump of shoes on the hard wood floors came closer to her bedroom. \"Ava!\" Declan yelled outside the door. \"Phone! It's a boy!\" he added the last part in a teasing, sing song voice. Ava closed the book and panicked. Was it finally Stacy? Was there another guy she should be expecting a call from? She cleared her throat, inspecting her image in the mirror. \"What are you doing, he can't see you!\" she chided herself. She took a deep breath. \"Hello?\" she practiced, putting her most sensual tone in her voice. She cursed herself and picked up the receiver on her bedside table. \"Hello?\" she asked as much like herself as possible, even uninterested. \"Ava? Hi, it's Stacy. Uhh, Stacy Peralta.\" Ava pulled the phone away from her face, dancing on her bed happily. She stopped abruptly. \"Oh, hey.\" She said casually. \"It's been a while. How are you?\" \"I'm pretty good, just got off work actually.\" He replied. \"Yourself?\" \"Not bad, just studying.\" \"Oh, I'm not interrupting?\" \"Not really.\" \"Okay, cool… Look, I'm sorry I didn't call earlier.\" \"That's okay. I don't mind, I'm sure you had plenty on.\" \"Well, I do in midst of school, surfing, skateboarding and work, but that's not the point... I'm not usually like this. You just make me more nervous than most girls… that's kind of why I couldn't ring you.\" He spat out, unable to stop himself. \"Well, that kind of makes up for it.\" Ava replied with a small smile, twisting the phone cord around her index finger. \"You're not mad?\" \"No, I feel a bit better that you at least told me. I thought you didn't like me.\" \"Oh, you can't be serious?\" Stacy chuckled. \"I do, I can assure you. Really, I do.\" \"Well, cool.\" Ava's cheek's were starting to hurt from her smile. \"I feel really bad for not calling, Ava.\" he paused and continued shakily, \"I was thinking I could maybe make up for it by taking you for dinner next weekend or something?\" \"Umm, I'll have to check my calendar, but yeah, if I'm free, that would be cool.\" She said. She smirked in smug satisfaction, she'd always wanted to use that line on someone, it just happened to be Stacy who was on the receiving end. \"Oh,\" he said uncertainly. Did he think he was an instant shoo in? Ava bit her lip, picking up on his disappointment. \"Umm, but it looks okay, yeah, book it in.\" she rushed, hoping to take the nervousness away from him again. \"Sounds good.\" \"Awesome.\" He sounded awfully relieved. \"Well, call me later in the week or something and we'll organize it.\" \"Rad.\" He stated. \"I better let you go back to your studies.\" \"Okay.\" Ava smiled. Finally, she wanted to yell. \"Thanks for the call.\" \"No problem. Take care, Ava.\" \"Bye Stacy.\" She hung up and bounced on her bed manically, screaming silently with joy. \"I'm going on a date with Stacy, I'm going on a date with Stacy.\" She bounced back on her butt and picked up the phone to make another phone call. \"Talk to me.\" Abbey demanded in her usual, Princess of Malibu arrogance. It was her phone line fortunately; Abbey knew only a certain few would be on the other end and not at all taken aback at that answer. \"We have to go shopping this week after school.\" \"No problem. Why?\" \"Because Stacy just called and asked me out.\" Abbey laughed. \"About time!\" \"Yeah, he was so cute and nervous.\" \"He surely is nothing like his friends. Bob said to me, 'wanna date me?'\" \"Something tells me you probably would have reacted just as superior?\" Abbey laughed. \"Yeah… you're right. So, let's chat tomorrow and figure out how we're going to get this skateboard punk to fall in love with you, hmm?\"[Chapter 8] A/N – thought I'd flick another chapter up, not sure if anyone is reading, but sweet if you are. Would love to hear any comments, of course. Cheers, RT. \"Good morning, sunshine,\" Justine Peralta smiled as Stacy fumbled his way to the kitchen table and poured himself some orange juice, leaving his school bag on the back of his chair. \"Got everything ready for school, Stace?\" A mumbled 'yes' replied her, nothing unusual for Justine. It had almost been the same response every morning when her only child couldn't get out to the beach for an early morning surf. So saying that, when he managed to miss to the waves, 99 of the time he was on time to his first period class (as far as she knew), she would do with him getting there on time if it meant she spoke to a brick wall. \"Are you working tonight?\" she asked. \"Umm,\" Stacy yawned. \"I don't think so, unless I get called in. I think Skip wants us at the shop about 4 though, so I might be late for dinner. Don't wait for me.\" He filled her in as his father stumbled in, dressed in his boxers and a bed t-shirt, clearly disheveled with no direction for the day. \"G'morning.\" Gerald muttered, reaching for the coffee Justine had prepared. \"Stacy, honey, don't you think you're spending too much time at the store lately? I mean, your grades are suffering, sweetheart.\" Justine revealed a letter from his high school. Stacy sighed, lowering his eyes. \"Mom, I know, I'm just getting caught up at the moment, I'll catch up.\" He said quietly, wishing he'd disappeared out his bedroom window early to meet Jay and Tony at the POP Pier. They didn't seem too interested in his grades. \"Who sent that?\" \"This came from your English teacher.\" \"How can you be failing English? You speak English, Stacy.\" Gerald asked. Stacy chose to ignore his father's attempt of humour. \"I'm not failing.\" Stacy spoke up. \"That test I got a D on was a pop quiz.\" He sighed, sculling what was left of his juice. \"I'm gonna head to school.\" He stood up, wanting to escape before their words became heated. \"Stacy, you need to prioritize your activities outside school. I think your job is what you should focus on instead of surfing or skateboarding. Where can skateboarding get you, sweetie?\" Stacy sighed. \"I dunno, Mom. But right now, I have to go.\" He left a small kiss on her cheek before disappearing out the backdoor, letting the door slam after him. \"Gerry, can you try and speak to him, please? He's your son too.\" Justine asked. Gerald laughed. \"Sweetie, he hasn't listened to me since I lost my last job.\" Justine sighed, looking at her watch. \"Great, I'm late.\" She picked up her bag and went to Gerald. \"If you see him, will you at least try to have a word with him? It may just work.\" \"I will, sweetheart, have a good day.\" Justine kissed the top of his head and left silently as Gerald moved his gaze towards the employment pages. He sighed, before dropping the paper on the table and moving towards the lounge room, to kill his day with television consumption and Jack Daniels. Ava forced a smile as she left her house to the constant beeping of Marissa's car horn. \"How my neighbours and I would love to shove that horn up your ass,\" Ava muttered to herself quietly, smoothing out the pleats of her stuffy school uniform. She gave Tia a playful nudge, who'd gotten out of the car to let Ava share the backseat with Abbey, who was dozing behind her sunglasses. \"Another week of fun and frivolity,\" Ava announced as Marissa skidded out of the Mitchell driveway and heading towards school. \"How was everyone's weekend?\" \"Awesome, I got to third with Devon on our date,\" Marissa winked Ava in the revision mirror. The idea sent an upchuck reflex through Ava's body. Devon Miller was poison, the only child of Sony Pictures public relations guru, Aaron Miller and his movie star wife, Carrie. Devon was a pretentious snot and although quite cute, certainly not someone Ava enjoyed spending time with, even in the slightest sense. \"Devon is just gorgeous, I'm so jealous,\" always Marissa's lackey, Tia, exclaimed. \"I know, huh? His parents are going away this weekend for this film festival thing, so you can imagine what's happening while they're gone?\" Marissa smirked proudly. \"Chess and cigars?\" Ava offered as Abbey snorted a giggle. \"Kegger?\" \"Ha ha, hilarious, Aussie. No, he'll get it all. Just he and I.\" Devon was fairly notorious as one of the Malibu beaches playboys. He generally had a few girlfriends on the go at once, got what he wanted from them and moved along no questions asked. Ava was surprised he'd gone to the effort to possibly wait another week. \"Well, that sounds romantic.\" Abbey took a bite. \"Sounds serious.\" Ava hid her grin behind her hand. \"So, he asked you over?\" Marissa stiffened slightly. \"Well, not yet, but he said he'd call this week so we'll arrange it then.\" \"He hasn't called yet? I'd think that any guy who bets on getting laid while his parents are out of town is making that next date at the end of the last one.\" Abbey continued. \"But I'm sure he'll call.\" Abbey reached over to pat Marissa's shoulder. Ava didn't know how Abbey got away with it, Marissa would have shut Ava down if she were firing her mouth like that. \"Shut up, Abbey, you don't know him.\" Marissa muttered. \"No, that's true. He's a good guy, he'll do the right thing.\" Abbey jested. Tia and Ava paid close attention to Marissa, wondering if she'd pull over and dump Abbey from the car. Abbey loved nothing better than starting her day with little jabs to irk Marissa, she called it defense to all the hell Marissa put her through for the rest of the day. Marissa's face twitched, before she turned up the stereo, blasting Elton John's Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds. …Abbey 1 – Marissa 0. \"So, he didn't call?\" Ava raised an eyebrow as the wandered the hallways on Friday afternoon with Tia, to meet Marissa at her car. \"Nope, Marissa is devastated. Devastated!\" Tia announced to half the students around them, some shooting her interested looks. \"She won't tell me, but it's pretty clear she's feeling pretty rejected.\" \"That's understandable.\" Ava replied, hitching her bag off her shoulder, eying Marissa already in her car with the motor running. Abbey stood outside the car, chatting to Gabi quietly. \"Hello, ladies,\" Abbey gave Ava a small eye roll before carefully motioning her head to Marissa. \"She's on the warpath.\" \"Awesome!\" Ava feigned excitement, pulling her shirt from her skirt and slouching her knee-high socks, a sure sign the working week was over. \"Hey 'Riss. How was your day?\" Ava asked as Tia let her scamper into the backseat. Marissa grunted in response. \"My dad was able to get us last minute tickets to Stevie Wonder tomorrow night. I'll pick you up at 7pm.\" Terror flashed through Ava's head. \"I – uh \" \"Uh, eh, what?\" Marissa mimicked. \"Go something better on?\" Tell her that I'm going on a first date with a skateboarder from the wrong side of the tracks to really rub her nose in it, or just go with it and try and find an excuse tomorrow? \"Uh, no. Stevie Wonder sounds great. Tell your dad I said thanks.\" Ava slunk in her seat. Abbey fired Ava a look that read, you have plans, very important plans . Ava nodded. \"I'll think of something,\" she hissed, getting close to Abbey, who nodded solemnly. At 9pm, Ava still had no clue how to get out of the Stevie Wonder concert even though on any other given night she'd love to go. She played with the phone number on the small piece of paper in her hands and bit the bullet. \"Time to cancel on Stacy,\" she said aloud as she picked up the receiver and put in his phone number. It rang a few times. \"Peralta residence.\" A woman answered. Dammit, why didn't you answer Stacy? Ava cursed. She swallowed. \"Uh, hi, I'm sorry to call so late. Is Stacy home, please?\" \"Stacy is working tonight. Can I take a message?\" the curious voice said on the other end of the line. It was obviously Stacy's mother, Ava realized. \"Do you know what time he's working until, mamme?\" \"Well, it's 9pm now, I'd say 11 o'clock or so. I don't know if he has plans afterwards though.\" \"Oh, okay. Well, can you please ask him to call Ava when he gets in? It doesn't matter the time.\" …but the sooner, the better so my parents don't freak that there's a teenage boy ringing the house at all hours, she added silently. \"Stacy has your number, dear?\" \"Yes, he does.\" \"Great, I'll get him to call you, Ava.\" \"Thanks.\" \"Goodnight.\" \"Bye.\" Ava hung up, back at square one again. Dozing at 10:30pm, Ava awoke with a start as the phone beside her rang. She dove in it, not wanting her parents to get there before her. \"Hello?\" \"Wow, that was fast, waiting for my call?\" came a familiar chuckle on the other end of the line. Ava gave a sigh of relief, knowing she'd got to the phone first. \"You're clogging up the line, Abbey, what's up?\" \"I didn't realize you waited for phone calls at 10:30 at night.\" Abbey laughed. \"What's happening? Did you organize something with Stacy?\" Ava sighed. \"No, he's working so I haven't spoken to him, but I left a message with his mum, she was more than curious to know who the strange-accented female was calling for her son was.\" \"Momma's boy?\" \"Nah, wasn't that curious.\" \"Lucky, that's the last thing you want.\" \"I know!\" Ava agreed. \"But I have to get off the phone, I'll tell you about it tomorrow night. Hopefully he doesn't mind that I'm changing plans – \" \"For the Wicked Witch of the West?\" \"He doesn't need to know that much.\" Abbey giggled. \"Point taken. Okay, I'm going. Speak tomorrow night.\" \"Night, Ave.\" \"Ciao.\" She hung up, the overwhelming urge to find food hitting her. \"Argh,\" she grumbled, knowing that if she didn't give in to her craving it certainly wouldn't leave her until she succumbed to it. She headed towards her door and wandered out to the hallway, before heading downstairs – Ring, ring! No! Ava thought, half-way down the stairs. Which way to the closest phone? She thundered back upstairs to hear the phone stop mid-ring. \"Shit, shit shit!\" she hissed to herself, pausing where she was. \"Ava?\" her mother called. \"Shit.\" She added again for good measure. \"Yeah, Mum?\" Elise appeared at the base of the staircase, a curious eyebrow raised. \"It's a boy. A Stacy?\" Elise said as Ava nodded. \"I'm assuming you'll take this in your room?\" \"Yeah, thanks.\" Ava headed back upstairs and into her room, closing the door after her and inhaling sharply. She picked up the receiver. \"I've got it, Mum.\" She called, hearing the click on the other end of the line. \"Hello?\" \"Hey, Ava, it's Stacy.\" \"Hi, how are you?\" \"Yeah, good, my mom said that you rang while I was working. Everything okay?\" \"Yeah, things are fine. I'm really sorry to say this, but I'm going to have to cancel on tomorrow night. It's a long story, but something has come up.\" Ava sighed silently, thinking to herself that if she were on Stacy's end of the conversation, she'd assume he wasn't interested. \"Oh, okay.\" He said, quietly. \"It's nothing personal, actually it's far from it. One of my friends is going through a semi-break up and she kinda needs us, I guess you could say.\" \"Yeah, that's fine. I know that your friend will appreciate it.\" \"So, umm, I don't know what your schedule is like but it would be great to re-schedule or something?\" \"Oh, awesome!\" Stacy laughed. \"I totally thought you were blowing me off.\" Silence. Crickets sounded. \"What I should have said was, I thought you weren't interested.\" Stacy said as they both broke into hysterical laughter. \"I was thinking maybe we could go for that surf or something instead?\" \"That sounds great. When is good for you?\" \"Why not still tomorrow?\" Ava asked, calmly. \"Yeah, tomorrow morning would be great. Want me to pick you up?\" \"Well, my mum will probably give me 1000 questions when I get off the phone about the boy ringing at 11pm, so it might be easier if I meet you out so you don't have to go through it as well?\" \"Oh, I'm real sorry. My mom stressed you needed to talk tonight – I hope I didn't get you in trouble.\" \"No, not at all. Mum is just a bit curious when boys call… that's all.\" \"Ditto with mum and chicks. I mean, girls. Uh, young women.\" Ava laughed. \"It's okay, Stacy.\" \"Well, how about we meet about 7am, too early for you?\" \"Under most circumstances on Saturdays yes, but since it's you, I'll see you at 7.\" \"Awesome, well I'll see you in the morning.\" \"Great. See you tomorrow.\" \"Bye, Ava.\" \"Night Stacy.\" Ava put the phone back on the receiver. Not 30 seconds later, the obvious rapping of Elise could be heard on Ava's bedroom door. \"Come in, Mum.\" She replied as Elise poked her head in with a inquisitive grin. \"Who was the guy?\" Elise didn't bother to make small talk. \"Uhh, a guy I met a few months ago.\" \"Is he nice?\" \"Yes, he's lovely.\" \"When will I get to meet him?\" \"Hopefully never.\" Ava said honestly. \"Ava.\" Elise came in and took a seat on her daughter's bed. \"Have you kissed him?\" \"I'm not answering this question.\" Ava said indignantly. She was mortified that her mother was even asking, going into teen angst mode, something Elise was expecting from her daughter. \"Well, I just want you to be careful, sweetie. I know you're getting to an age where boys are all kinds of fascinating. As long as you're aware of the ramifications of your actions – \" \"Are you about to tell me about sex?\" Ava begged her mother was about to say no. \"Yes.\" \"Oh, God.\" Ava sighed, pulling a pillow to her face as she blushed for the sakes of both mother and daughter. \"Look, you're off the hook. Health class at school is pretty educational these days. I'm informed about birth control and stuff – oh, shit, not to say that I'm having sex with him, my God.\" Stop talking, her brain demanded. Elise gave her Ava a wary look. \"You've got a good head on your shoulders, I know you'll do the right thing regardless. You just take care of you, okay?\" Elise patted Ava's hand. \"You can calm down now, I know this must have been traumatic for you.\" A slight giggle escaped her lips. \"Look, I don't know if you're going to date Stacy or whatever, but if you are, he'll have to meet your father and I sooner rather than later, okay?\" \"Yes, Mum.\" \"Good.\" Elise kissed Ava's hair. \"You going to bed soon?\" \"As soon as my book is finished. Have a chapter or so to go. Please leave now.\" Elisr sighed, mother/daughter bonding session, or something she imagined it would be like, was clearly over as was Ava's patience for her. \"All right, well, sleep tight and I'll see you in the morning.\" \"Night.\" \"Night sweetie.\" Elise headed out. That went remotely well considering Mum is a psychotic space cadet 95 of the time, only wanted to stab myself in the eye for 99 of that conversation, Ava thought, snuggling under the covers and retrieving her book again, finishing the last chapter before hitting the sack.[Chapter 9] AN: Hey there, thanks for the comments, always appreciate it. Haven't been writing since my laptop died and have moved back to a PC! Lesson learnt, laptops bad! Anyway, the moment you've waited for, Stacy and Ava are finally on the same page. Enjoy, always welcome comments x Stacy smiled, tucking some blonde hair behind his ear the next morning, spotting Ava further down the beach, perched on her board looking out to the waves, eyes hidden behind dark aviator sunglasses. He casually wandered over – he paused, was she whistling... yes, 'Evil Woman' by ELO. Stacy chuckled to himself. \"Hey,\" he spoke up, dropping his jeans, t-shirt and towel beside her, keeping his surfboard under his arm as she looked up. \"Good morning.\" She smiled, standing and brushing herself off. \"Waves look great.\" He nodded in front of him. \"You been here long?\" \"No, parked my car about 10 minutes ago.\" She said as Stacy did some stretches, leaning over to touch his toes. She could not avoid the muscles on his bare back, body clad waist down in his wetsuit. He had a deep tan and what appeared to be sinfully soft skin begging to be touched. Ava blinked, bringing her attention back to the water. Ava herself was in a t-shirt over her bathing suit and also in her wetsuit from the waist down. She whipped her sunglasses off and pulled her shirt over her head. Stacy pretended watching the beautiful girl in the red and white polka dot bikini top was a daily occurrence and that he was fully aware she was built to perfection hips up. Toned on her tummy, a slender curve on her hips, his eyes gazed further – \"Ready to head out there?\" she interrupted him from getting a better look further north. He nodded, standing upright. She pulled up her wetsuit and zipped it up, before flicking off her flip flops, digging them into the sand. \"You know how cool it is that you surf?\" \"I don't claim to do it well.\" Ava grinned. \"I have been out a few mornings but I think that I've left my ability back at home.\" Stacy smiled wistfully. \"I can only imagine the great waves you guys get Down Under. Some of the surf footage that I've seen, just unbelievable.\" \"It's so strange. Since I've gotten here, surfing is made to sound so… I dunno, like rebellious, for the degenerates or something.\" The theory obviously baffled her, Stacy noted. \"To me, it's just getting out there and being as close to heaven as possible. How people can't understand that amazes me.\" She shrugged. \"I wish I didn't let it scare me after hitting my head.\" Stacy wondered if the young woman beside was in fact his soul mate but decided against asking the question for fear of her collecting her gear and heading home quickly and not looking back. Stacy bit his lip. \"Around here, there's a lot to prove on the waves. Before the skate team, I was a part of the Zephyr Surf team and I guess, and the end of the day, it's all about where you're from. We have a slight reputation of being more or less unfriendly for those in our water who aren't exactly local.\" Ava put her hands on her hips, deciphering what Stacy was saying. \"Really? Like fighting with people?\" she seemed thoroughly entertained by the idea, Stacy put it down to not growing up locally but didn't hold it against her. Most people just didn't understand the social differences between Santa Monica, Venice and its nearest neighbours. Stacy shrugged. \"Yup.\" \"So, what would your team mates think of you being here in Malibu?\" she asked, a hint of tease in her voice, a small smirk on her lips. \"With me?\" Stacy smiled with a shrug. \"Right now I don't really care.\" Ava blushed as Stacy tucked some of her dark hair from her eyes – perfect opportunity to kiss her, Stacy swallowed and nodded towards the waves instead. \"They won't ride themselves.\" Ava blinked, pulling back surprised he didn't make a play. \"Yeah.\" She forced a grin, picking up her board and dashing off to the waves with Stacy. \"Let's go.\" \"I am still at least 50 off where I want to be.\" Ava sighed as she leant back on her board looking up at the blue sky as they decided to stay in the water. \"What are you talking about? You were awesome!\" Stacy said, straddling his board, taking in her lean form, cursing the wetsuit so snug to her body. He'd never been as infatuated with a girl as he was with Ava at that very moment. \"One of the better girls I've seen around here.\" \"Really?\" Ava was surprised by this. Stacy nodded. \"Will get better in time, I suppose, I guess that just means more time out here.\" She sighed. \"Hey, sorry I had to cancel our date tonight.\" \"That's okay, we're hanging out now.\" Stacy reassured her. \"My friend Marissa got dumped by this jerk and to compensate, she got us tickets to Stevie Wonder. Her dad is like, a record executive or promoter or something. He gets us tickets all the time and I felt pretty bad for her, she doesn't appreciate being dumped.\" He shrugged. \"Can't say I blame her. It's never pleasant, but it's fine really, Ava. I think I'll probably get called into work anyway. And the more overtime I do, the more money I get, the quicker I finally have my car!\" \"You far off it now?\" \"I need a bit more for insurance, but within the month.\" \"Can't you ask your mum or dad or something for the rest of it?\" Stacy stiffened. Think quick, he demanded of himself. \"This is something that I want to do on my own.\" He said. Ava leaned back on her board, propped up on her elbows, looking pretty impressed with his reply. \"That's awesome. My dad won't let me get a job. He is adamant that my studies come first.\" She sighed. \"Well, you seem to have the freedom if you want it.\" Ava shrugged. \"I guess. But that's not the point. I mean, I am grateful that I'm allowed to concentrate on my studies, I mean, I want to get into UCLA and I don't want to do it half-assed. My family didn't always have money. My dad got into a bit of financial trouble at home – \" She stopped herself and peered at Stacy who watched her back intently. \"I'm familiar with that.\" Stacy shrugged, not at all holding it against her or her family. \"I mean, my dad can't hold a job for very long and my mom is the bread winner.\" \"See, I think that's awesome. Not about your dad but that your mum is helping out. The only helping my mum does is boss our housekeeper around.\" Ava grimaced. \"Sorry, that sounded a bit shitty.\" Stacy smiled. \"That's okay, I guess our parents are there to cause us all sorts of turmoil as we grow up. Different priorities and all.\" \"Maybe…\" she sat up and straddled her board like he was. \"I am having a great time this morning.\" Stacy grinned. \"Glad to hear it. Me too.\" While their eyes met, Ava begged that he would take the initiative and kiss her – she had desperately missed his kiss, it had been so long. Stacy broke the reverie and turned to lie on his tummy, hinting they should probably head back to the beach, his blonde hair now dark from the saltwater, plastered to his rosy cheeks. She cursed to herself and mimicked his posture, slouching. \"S'pose we should head back.\" \"Yeah, were you interested in going to a late breakfast or something?\" \"That would be nice.\" She nodded as she started paddling toward the beach, Stacy on her tail. \"That was just awesome.\" Ava said, wringing her hair out over the sand, a bright grin on her face. She knotted her hair into a messy bun and stood up as Stacy unzipped his wetsuit, sliding it to his waist. At this point, the beach was filling with Malibu locals working on their tans and socializing. She picked up her towel and patted it against her face as Stacy put on his flip flops, his feet caked in warm sand, still keenly watching Ava as she dried off. Man up for God's sake, Peralta! Stacy's head screamed. \"Hey?\" \"Hmm?\" Ava lowered the towel as Stacy's lips found hers, waging a forceful kiss on her. \"Hmm.\" She removed the question, as she rested her hands on his waist, still cool from being in the water so long. Stacy stealthily unzipped the back of her wetsuit to rest his cold hand on her back. She squealed, pulling away laughing. \"Your hands are freezing, Peralta!\" \"Oh, sorry.\" Stacy replied bashfully, revealing his prune hands. \"Oh wow.\" \"But you can kiss me again, because that was awesome.\" \"Yeah?\" Stacy grinned, pleased. \"Absolutely.\" She stepped closer to his again and put her hands against his hips, slowly circling around to meet on his lower back. Stacy smiled and leaned down to kiss her again, keeping his hands to himself as unfortunate it was. After a few minutes of salty kisses, Stacy moved further, gently knocking his tongue on her lips which she gratefully accepted and their tongues tangling for a few moments. Stacy brought his sandy hands to her face, giving them some skin to feel, damn wetsuit, he cursed to himself. \"Wow,\" Stacy smiled as their lips gently pulled away. He left another chaste kiss on her lips as she grinned. \"That was mind blowing.\" Ava blushed, a giggle escaping her lips. \"Pretty awesome.\" \"Ave?\" a familiar and almost unnecessary voice interrupted the teens as Ava sighed. \"Hey, what are you doing here?\" Marissa approached them with a curious glance. She gave Stacy an undignified once over and hid her scoff as she stood beside Ava. \"Ahh, came out for a surf.\" Ava said. \"I didn't know what you surfed!\" Marissa seemed genuinely surprised. \"Yeah… I do.\" Ava shrugged, simply. \"So, who's your friend?\" Marissa turned her awareness back to Stacy, who was now patting himself dry. \"I'm Marissa.\" She said, holding her hand out. \"Stacy.\" He replied, accepting her greeting. \"Nice to meet you.\" \"So, how do you know my little Ava here?\" Marissa continued, wrapping a playful arm around Ava who gave Stacy an uncomfortable glance in return. \"I really like your board, where'd you get that from?\" If Ava wasn't mistaken, could Marissa be flirting? Stacy gave Marissa a small grin. \"Ahh, shop near home. Familiar with the Zephyr Surf Shop in Santa Monica? They do these really wild designs, I love my board.\" Marissa blinked, Ava could see the horror in her eyes. Did he just say Santa Monica ? Marissa's shock turned to slight disdain as she replied, \"I don't generally head over to that side of town.\" \"Oh.\" Stacy said, not even remotely fazed. He knew exactly what he was dealing with when Marissa had approached them, the time-honored Malibitch. \"You're missing out.\" He added with a smirk. \"Yeah, I don't think so.\" Marissa replied, sourly. \"Well, Ava, I'd better let you and your little friend go. I'll see you tonight for Stevie Wonder, right? Right, later.\" Marissa said, quickly excusing herself. \"Wow, she's just charming, Ava.\" Stacy said with a playful grin. \"And that's who you're ditching me for tonight?\" Ava nodded slightly. \"I didn't have much choice.\" \"I think you had plenty of choice.\" Ava looked at her feet, wishing Marissa hadn't spotted them. The heavy feeling of regret washed over Ava, she certainly wasn't like Marissa and hoped that Stacy didn't see her that way. Sure, her family had money, she didn't venture too far out of her comfort zone of the Malibu beaches but she surely wouldn't look down her nose the way Marissa had only moments earlier. \"You don't see me like her, do you?\" she raised a curious eyebrow. Stacy brightened, shaking his head. \"No.\" \"Really?\" Ava asked hopefully as he moved in closer to her. \"Absolutely not. Look, sure, there's a few differences about where you and I from. We've got different groups of friends, we have different interests and spend our Saturday nights differently, but I think we're smart enough to realize that some social class is beyond us, right?\" \"Exactly.\" Ava smiled. \"Good, we just don't stoop to your friend's level.\" \"Yeah.\" \"And she's looking right at us,\" Stacy spied over Ava's shoulder. \"So in spite of that, I'm about to lay a massive kiss on you just for her benefit.\" Stacy teased. \"To give her something to shame me about tonight?\" Ava grinned. \"Of course, that too.\" Stacy chuckled before giving her a deep kiss, their bodies pressed as close as possible. \"You're a smart girl, I'm sure you can figure out what you want, Ava…\"[Chapter 10] Hi there, thanks so much to oslonorway , Saturnian Sourcess and Confuzzled who have left comments, very, very sweet and I do appreciate them. I don't get a lot of time to write these days but am hoping it won't be so long between drinks next time – famous last words uf04c Anyway, please enjoy and of course, R&R.; Best, RT x Ava and Stacy had hung out for the rest of the afternoon, Ava extremely thankful they didn't bump into any more of her friends. Ava loved listening to Stacy talk. He had such passion about what he spoke about, whether it was skateboarding, surfing, Allman Brothers – \"Nooo! People don't actually like The Allman Brothers, Stacy.\" Ava burst into a riot of laughter. \"You're kidding me, right?\" \"No, I really like them. You were humming ELO before.\" He replied, defensively. \"Umm, yes, because they're awesome.\" She replied as if it was the most obvious thing on the planet. \"Are you trying to tell me that you don't agree?\" Stacy smiled. \"Yes, that's exactly what I'm telling you. C'mon, no one listens to ELO. Electric Light Orchestra.\" Stacy scoffed as Ava pouted. \"Okay, fine, aside from The Allman Brothers, who else do you listen to?\" she challenged. \"Keep in mind, this may make or break you, Stacy.\" Ava added thoughtfully. \"My fate rests on my music tastes? Wow, I could be in trouble now…\" he asked pouting in thought as he sipped his Coke. \"Okay, Hendrix… Cream, Stones, Pink Floyd, Skynard.\" Stacy raised an eyebrow to see if he'd piqued her interest. Ava blew a raspberry in response, chewing on a fry. \"Well, come on then, don't leave me hanging here… What are yours then?\" \"I listen to a bit of everything.\" Ava replied vaguely. \"Don't generalize, who are your favourites?\" Stacy asked sternly, a hint of tease in his voice. Ava giggled. \"Okay, I'll give you Hendrix. T-Rex?\" \"Oh, Ava.\" Stacy sighed with a light laugh. \"No.\" \"David Bowie, Van Morrison, James Taylor.\" \"Bowie? You don't strike me as a Bowie fan. You don't find him attractive, do you?\" Stacy frowned – he personally couldn't understand why girls his age was so fascinated by him – David Bowie just wore far too much make up and far too androgynous for Stacy's liking. \"No, not really.\" I find Californian skateboard, surf punks attractive apparently , she thought with a dreamy smile. \"Are you trying to tell me that 'Rebel Rebel' or 'Young Americans' aren't two of the greatest songs of this decade?\" He had to hand it to her; she had an intensity about her while she spoke about music, before going on a tangent about Queen and Elton John. Stacy put his chin in his palm and watched her natter. \"And at the end of the day, 'Tiny Dancer', as well as 'Killer Queen' will be remembered, not something like 'Ramblin' Man' or 'Stormy Monday' or something.\" \"Ava, you better stop there.\" He said holding up his hand to silence her, wondering if she was now intentionally trying to push his buttons. She paused, quizzically, raising a puzzled eyebrow. \"I get a bit crazy when I talk about music.\" She admitted. \"So I see.\" \"Sorry, I shouldn't have been so rude.\" \"It's okay.\" Stacy gave a grin. \"I know not many share my love of southern rock.\" Ava got up from her side of the booth and joined Stacy on his, staring up at him with her big green eyes. \"Maybe we agree to disagree on the music we listen to?\" she suggested as he broke into a smile. \"Agreed. But the six million dollar question, favourite song of all time?\" he tested. She bit her lip, something he began to realize she did when deep in thought. \"I guess it would have to be… 'Wish You Were Here', Pink Floyd.\" \"See, I knew you were awesome.\" Stacy said with a relieved grin. \"And yours?\" \"'Wish You Were Here' would be my most favourite song ever.\" \"Good for Pink Floyd.\" Ava smiled, resting her chin on his shoulder Stacy unable to resist to pull of her sweet face staring up at him intently, leaning down to kiss her gently. \"I really like Pink Floyd.\" \"Yeah,\" Stacy smiled. \"Me too.\" \"So I guess I should let you go get ready for Stevie Wonder.\" Stacy said as he had Ava's body trapped between him and her mother's Mercedes. They had been kissing and saying their goodbyes for a better part of 15 minutes with either partially wanting to part with the other. \"Yeah,\" Ava agreed as Stacy finally stepped away from her, freeing her reluctantly. He opened the car door and let her take the driver's seat. \"Have a good night tonight.\" \"I will, thanks for today, I had a blast.\" She turned the engine on; the sounds of The Beach Boys' 'Don't Worry Baby' peacefully filled the car. \"I'll call you tomorrow.\" He said, backing away from the car. \"Okay,\" she smiled putting the car in gear and reversing before disappearing from Stacy's sight. He sighed, looking back at his bike, his surfboard carefully perched beside it. Now, as he perched himself on his trusty cycle, he could only think of Ava on the journey home and the melody of The Beach Boys wafted through his head. \"Okay, this concert is pretty sweet,\" Abbey admitted as she and Ava stood with Tia and Marissa later that evening. \"And I'm glad I've finally heard 'Higher Ground' live.\" Abbey tried to see the bright side of losing an evening to the dark side with Marissa and not making out with Bob. \"Good, I'm glad that you're enjoying yourself.\" Ava smiled as she adjusted her glasses over her eyes. \"My eyes get worse by the day.\" She silently cursed herself. \"I wouldn't complain,\" Abbey nudged her head towards the stage, nothing Stevie launching into 'Never Had a Dream Come True'. Ava pulled a shocked face. \"He's not.\" \"That's not very nice, Abbey.\" \"No, but true.\" Abbey said with a giggle as Ava had to do the same. \"'I never, never had a dream come true. In my every dream, I'm loved by you. And we're free as the wind and true love is no sin. Therefore, men are men, not machines…\" she sang. Ava grinned, nudging her friend. Ava sighed, content. Sure, she could have been on a romantic date with Stacy, cuddling him, touching his warm tan, skin, playing with his sun-kissed blonde hair… but no, she was supporting her friend and felt good about it. This song was certainly not helping her plight of trying not to think about Stacy… Ava sighed dismally. It was going to be a long night, she realized. \"So, you owe me a full overview of your day, woman. I can't believe that Marissa caught you guys kissing,\" Abbey giggled as Ava tucked her long brown hair into a loose bun before diving onto the bed beside Abbey. \"I bet she was breathing fire.\" \"No… she was flirting with Stacy first,\" Ava grinned. \"Then he mentioned where he was from. I've never seen a look of so much disgust. Really makes me wonder just what it is we see in hanging around her.\" \"Two words - concert tickets, my friend.\" \"No, that's our payment for not scratching her eyes out.\" Ava muttered. \"Oh, Ava, you callous witch.\" Abbey said. \"So tell me, is he a good kisser?\" \"Awesome.\" Ava nodded, a small blush spreading across her tanned cheeks. \"Absolutely amazing. And I think he has the most perfect teeth and smile that I've ever seen. His parents did a good job on him.\" Ava giggled in spite of what she'd just said. \"And he's nice, and he listens.\" \"Hmm, he wants to get into your pants.\" \"Ab…\" Ava groaned, covering her face with a pillow. Abbey giggled. \"I'm sorry.\" She pulled the pillow back. \"But he is hot, if you go for it with him, I'd be stoked for you.\" \"I think you're missing the point – we've had one date.\" \"I bet some girls have done him for less.\" Ava sat up, a worried glance washing over her features. \"You think Stacy is like that?\" \"Ave, honey. Look at his friends – each time one of them gets laid, they broadcast it so everyone in their neighbourhood knows.\" Ava tucked her knees to her chest, resting her chin on her knees. \"Stacy's different.\" \"How do you know? You barely know anything about him.\" Ava had to agree that Ava had a point. \"Maybe…\" \"Listen,\" Abbey sat up to mimic her friend's posture. \"If and when you're ready, you'll go for it. We both know the first experience wasn't very exciting for you. But I'm sure you've got nothing to worry about with Stacy. I think he really likes you. From what I can gather from the information Bob has begrudgingly given me, Stacy isn't the love 'em and leave 'em kinda guy like the rest of their friends. But you take it at your pace, you've got all the power, babe. And you don't let Stacy forget it, okay?\" Abbey poked Ava's shoulder to reassure her. \"Yeah,\" Ava looked up with a small smile. \"You're probably right. Thanks.\" \"No problem. But if he hurts you, I'm castrating him.\" Ava finally gave a hearty laugh. \"Brilliant.\" \"So, how was Stevie Wonder?\" Stacy asked down the phone line the next evening. As promised, he had called, a fresh feeling of bliss washing over Ava as soon as she'd heard his familiar Southern California drawl. \"Amazing, I had a great night. What did you get up to?\" she asked, happily twirling the phone cord around her index finger. \"I ended up working, not so cool, but I need the money.\" \"Sounds like your job is pretty demanding.\" \"Well, it's not great,\" Stacy chuckled. \"But it helps get my car, that's more or less the bottom line.\" \"Well. It will be great when you get it, I know how excited that you are.\" \"Absolutely,\" he sighed. \"So close now though, few more weeks, Ava and then I'll finally have some freedom.\" They remained silent for a while. \"So, did you want to catch up this week?\" Stacy finally asked as Ava broke into a bright grin, relief washing over her as she nodded. \"Yeah, absolutely.\" \"Awesome. Look, I'd better go. My cousins are over for dinner and I had to beg Mom to give me 5 minutes to call you. Sorry this is so short.\" \"That's okay.\" She promised. \"I'll let you go. Have a good night.\" \"I dunno. My cousins are like, 3 and 4. They jump all over me and pull my hair. It's actually not as fun as it sounds.\" He chuckled as Ava did the same. \"Sounds like Cousin Stacy is fairly popular with them.\" \"Yeah – they're great kids, I guess.\" \"All right, I'll let you go.\" \"Okay. Have a good night, Ava.\" \"You too, Stacy.\" Silence. \"…you didn't hang up.\" \"No, you didn't hang up.\" Ava corrected, with a small giggle. \"Okay, I'm really going now.\" \"Okay, bye.\" \"Sleep well – night.\" Ava put the phone back on the receiver and frowned – did that last moment of cheesiness happen? She scoffed, she didn't do cheesiness… but for Stacy, maybe she'd allow it.[Chapter 11] A/N – I'm terrible, it's been a horrendously busy year, but am on my Xmas break, so hope to add to this early in the New Year. Bright side is I have a bit written beyond this chapter, it just needs a good edit on my behalf (I've been busy with Twilight fic I'm writing away from ) but promise to give this the attention I should. Thanks for the reviews and those who have added to their favourites, Happy Holidays and hope to hear from you in regards to this chapter (it encourages to me hasten uploading more chapters hehe Blackmail never hurt no one!). Cheers, RT x \"I knew, knew, knew you'd come!\" Abbey exclaimed as Ava sidled up between her and Gabi who were chatting over popsicles. Ava chuckled. \"Yes, it is not a mirage, it is I.\" \"This means you're gorgeous brother Aaron is back in NYC, at college?\" Abbey pouted sadly. \"You just dropped him off at the airport?\" \"Well, he's flying home, not to New York, but yes, he's gone, you can now get over that disturbing crush you have on him,\" Ava shuddered. \"Her brother is super, ridiculous hot ,\" Abbey filled Gabi in, who laughed with a nod. \"Traffic was remarkably good this morning.\" Ava told them, eying Gabi's grape popsicle. \"Where'd you get that? It's like three million degrees out here!\" she fanned herself as Gabi pointed to a take away van. \"Cool, be right back.\" Those green eyes, that long brown hair, the tan, it wasn't lost on Stacy as he watched Ava wander over to the ice cream van with a graceful skip in her step. After their successful first date the weekend prior, he swallowed and headed over to her direction in the line. He had about 15 minutes before his freestyle, so figured going over to say hi would be a kind gesture. \"Well, look at you, Ava Mitchell, at a skateboarding competition of all things,\" Stacy whispered in Ava's ear after creeping up behind her. She contained her frightened jump with a giggle, turning back to face him. \"Hello,\" Stacy smiled, hitching his skateboard under his arm. \"I didn't think that you would come today.\" \"I dropped Aaron off in record time, so here I am,\" Ava gave a small smile, her throat closing up a little bit at the sight of a hot, sweaty Stacy Peralta. \"And I would have been killed if I ditched Abbey at a skateboard meet again,\" she added meekly staring at her sandals. Stacy smiled, pushing some blonde hair from his blue eyes and tucking it behind his ear, wondering if they were yet close enough to leave a small peak on her lips in greeting – he decided against it. \"Gee, thanks for the bout of confidence,\" He winked. \"Here I was thinking you might want to see me of all things…\" \"Oh, no! That's not what I meant at all,\" She regretted her initial joke about turning up, hoping it wasn't a breakdown in international communication (her friend's didn't always get her silly exasperated jokes, could Stacy be another?). In all fairness, she promised him she'd try and make it. \"I haven't seen you in action for a while so I tried really hard to get here before your event,\" She bit her lip, hoping to redeem herself. \"Apology accepted,\" He decided, smiling brightly. \"Phew,\" Ava pretended to wipe away the beads of sweat. \"Well, I thought you might come to Bob's tonight if I didn't see you today,\" Stacy shrugged, hinting at the ritualistic 'after skate comp drinks' was turning into a weekly foray for Abbey, to which he assumed Ava may also come to since they were hanging out. \"Would you believe I have yet to see you freestyle?\" she admitted bashfully. He laughed. \"Declan teaching you skateboard vernacular?\" \"Yes, before today I don't think I've ever said 'freestyle' before in my life, aside from a swimming context,\" She said as he laughed. Thinking the ice had finally been broken to move in and give her a small kiss - \"Hey, Stacy,\" A blonde girl smiled, sliding up to him with a bright, flirty smile. \"Uhh, hey?\" He said uncertainly, taking a step back from Ava. \"Could I get your autograph?\" she asked, Ava noticing the element of tease in the girl's voice though she hid her jealousy well. \"Oh, yeah, I guess,\" He said as she handed her sharpie to him. \"Gotta board or something?\" \"Uhh, no. I was thinking here?\" she gently removed the strap of her tank top, showing off a perfectly tanned shoulder. Stacy gave Ava an apprehensive look, tentative as to whether to sign the girl's body with the young woman he'd been dreaming about for the last few weeks standing nice and close to get a front row seat. Ava gave him an interested smile, almost daring him to do it. Stacy swallowed, quickly scrawling a quick 'Peralta' before capping the sharpie again, forcing it back in her hands and giving a tight lipped smile. \"There.\" \"Thanks Stacy. Hey, I was thinking you should have this,\" She slipped something in his faded, ratty jeans pocket, his hips jutting away as her soft hands got too close to comfort, as Ava crossed her arms over her chest, growing irritated – her façade cracking. \"Ahh, thanks,\" he flushed unmercifully, giving Ava a sideways glance, hoping to gauge her response. \"I'll hear from you,\" She winked before turning to Ava. \"Nice to meet your little friend too, Stacy. It's Samantha, don't forget it.\" \"Uhh, I won't,\" he stammered, growing more embarrassed by the second as she finally took the hint and sauntered away, giving Ava a slightly superior huff on her way past. Ava raised an eyebrow as Stacy finally let out a breath. \"Wow, does that happen often, Stacy?\" Ava cocked her head to the side, trying unsuccessfully to hide her disdain for what just went down in front of her. \"Honestly?\" he said apprehensively. \"Kinda, yeah.\" \"At least you're honest,\" Ava shrugged. \"Well, I'm gonna go, I've gotta find some random skateboarder to get to sign my boobs or something,\" She turned heel and moved quickly into the crowd. \"Ava!\" Stacy called, catching up with her. \"Hey!\" He grabbed her wrist. \"Hey, come on now, don't be like this.\" He pleaded, dragging her to a less crowded area. \"I might get those numbers, but I certainly don't call those girls for whatever they're after.\" \"Well, you took it. What am I supposed to think, Stacy?\" She retorted. \"Here,\" he pulled it from his pocket, ripping it up and letting the shreds fall around his blue skate shoes. \"Done. Look, I'm not seeing anyone else. You,\" he whispered, his hand cupping her face. \"Ava, you're the one I want to be hanging out with.\" \"Stunts like that don't help your cause,\" She snapped, not meeting his gaze. \"I understand that.\" He said. \"But trust me,\" He stated. \"Trust me that I don't want to be with anyone else,\" He said, sincerity in his bright blue eyes, probably admitting far more than he'd like and exposing himself more than he would with other girls he liked in the past, especially so soon. \"Peralta, you're up next!\" Red Dog yelled from the competition area. \"Look, I have to go. Can we talk after my event?\" Ava shrugged. \"Yeah, whatever.\" He gave her another deep look, gently kissing her cheek. \"Wish me luck?\" \"Good luck,\" She said, kicking at a stone, no longer able to hide the sulk in her voice. \"Thanks,\" He gave her a hopeful smile, giving her another small reassuring kiss and headed off to do his thing. Ava sighed, heading over to a vacant bench, taking a second to compose herself. Where the hell was Abbey to vent her spleen to when she needed her? A skinny figure leered over her. \"Keep that look and the wind might change,\" Tony said with a bemused smirk. \"Alva,\" She greeted him, rolling her eyes. Just her luck. \"Doesn't sound like you're that pleased to see me,\" He noted. \"You're a perceptive little boy, aren't you?\" she sniped. Tony chuckled and sat beside her. \"Ooh, what's up?\" he teased. \"Prettyboy Peralta do something to screw things up with you already?\" he paused and added quietly, \"Absolute dick if he hurt you though,\" he nodded in the direction his teammate had headed in. \"He took a girl's phone number in front of me,\" She spat out before she was able to stop herself. \"Ouch! You're shittin' me, right?\" Tony laughed wildly as she looked back at him helplessly. He contained himself and calmed down. \"Look, I'm real sorry, but Stacy's just too nice a guy. Don't cast shadow. He doesn't call those girls even if he is given their numbers if it makes you feel any better, I think half the time he just forgets that he's even given them.\" He nudged her. \"He puts his game face on and all he is thinking about is skateboarding – it's why he's so awesome at what he does, Ava.\" Was Tony Alva trying to help her? Reassure her, even? \"Really?\" Ava asked skeptically. \"Yeah, honestly, he's only got eyes for you… And I can't say I blame him.\" Tony shrugged, gently nudging her with his skinny shoulder. Ava sighed. \"Hmm…\" \"Give the dude a chance, he's a good guy. You'll thank me,\" Tony promised. \"But I gotta go.\" He nodded, towards the rest of the team. \"Though if you decide against Peralta… you know where to find me,\" He winked playfully, running off as Ava sighed, wishing she had something to throw at him as he dashed away. \"So what? You've screwed it up already?\" Nathan Pratt frowned thoughtfully as Stacy idly kicked around his skateboard later that afternoon. \"You think she took off?\" \"Guess so. Her friends haven't seen her. Or they're refusing to tell me where she is.\" \"I don't know why you're even bothering,\" Jay snickered, sprawl-eagled on the dirt beside Wentzle Ruml, his wiry tan arms covering his face from the dazzling afternoon Californian sun. \"Besides, you know what they say about girls from that side of town.\" Stacy humoured Jay for a moment. \"And what might that be, midget?\" Jay smirked. \"They only like us to piss their parents off for a while before they're bored and find something else to keep their short attention spans. Or, of course, until we're bored of them,\" He shrugged simply before jumping up and taking off. \"I would love to see you beat the piss out of him right now,\" Red Dog muttered. \"Hardly seems worth it,\" Stacy replied, rubbing his chin. \"Besides, if what Jay says is true and Ava is like that – \" he looked at Wentzle pointedly, knowing that Stacy said would get to Jay one way or another if Wentzle was messenger. \"Which I highly doubt is true, I don't want anything to do with her, but I think I'll keep an open mind with this one.\" \"Good work, brother,\" Nathan slugged him. \"Wentzle, make sure you pass that along to Jayboy.\" Wentz frowned. \"Why is that my job?\" \"Because, you're his little butt boy,\" Nathan replied as Stacy chuckled inwardly. \"Now scat.\" Endnote: Thought I'd just shine some light on the chapter titles as some readers may or may not have been aware. The (60s and) 70s were huge for music and this story is no exception... while I've tried to use mostly early 70s titles (although it is pretty tough to stick to that rule), a few from the 60s have crept in also (remember, Ava and Stacy both love their music): Title – Pink Floyd – Us and Them ** Chapter 1 - Elton John - Saturday Night's All Right for Fighting Chapter 2 - David Bowie - Young Americans Chapter 3 - T. Rex - Children of the Revolution ** Chapter 4 - The Beatles - Come Together Chapter 5 - Nick Gilder – Hot Child in the City Chapter 6 – The Beatles – With a Little Help from my Friends Chapter 7 – Ted Nugent – Cat Scratch Fever * ** Chapter 8 – Stevie Wonder – Uptight (Everything's Alright) Chapter 9 – The Beach Boys – Surfer Girl Chapter 10 – Stevie Wonder – Too High * --- * from Lords of Dogtown ** From Dogtown and Z-Boys[Chapter 12] A/N – I'm pretty horrendous at updating, huh? Well, thank you so much for the Favourite Story add, and of course the complements. A bit of conversation between Stacy and Ava in this one, hope you enjoy and I really hope I don't leave it so long between chapters next time x The music from inside the Biniak's hit Ava like a ton of bricks as she made her way through the masses of hot teenage bodies. Ava hated apologizing. She was no good at it so she ensured herself she didn't do things to get herself in situations for it to occur. She silently cursed herself, feet from Stacy, almost close enough to smell his welcoming ocean scent. \"First, huh?\" she spoke softly, joining Stacy at the refreshment table where he was storing his winner's trophy. He gave her a sideways look. \"You came,\" he noted dryly. \"I came with Abbey,\" she said quickly. \"You didn't hang around after the competition,\" He recalled. \"Looked for you for a bit.\" She sighed, lowering her eyes. He was angry, she couldn't blame him. \"I was too embarrassed to stick around, Stacy.\" \"Of what?\" he offered to pour her something. She shook her head. Still a gentleman, she realised, beginning to feel even worse about how she'd treated him (if possible) with her complete over-reaction earlier that day. \"I was a jealous prat earlier today. I'm not stupid or blind, I know that girls like you, Stace.\" He blushed for her, realizing that she was self-conscious. \"It's fine – \" \"No, it's not,\" she cut in, gently touching his forearm. \"I assure you, I am not the jealous type and I don't like being one of those girls – one of those girls that I hate.\" Stacy frowned before feeling his anger slowly cease. Was she about to apologise? \"Right. Keep going,\" He encouraged, sipping his drink – he was now thoroughly enjoying Ava's discomfort. He chewed on the rim of his cup, biting back a smile. \"I have nothing else to say,\" she admitted, looking at her feet. \"Okay.\" He put the cup back on the table and pulled her close for a hug, surprising her. \"I'm not that angry, I could kind of tell you were jealous – hell, I would have been if I were in the same position as you if the situation was reversed, Ava – actually I'd probably have been a lot more vocal and even a bit physical if the roles were reversed for us today. But it's pretty reassuring now I think about it that you were a bit broken up about it,\" he smiled before admitting, \"Kind of affirmed that you do like me and it wasn't all in my head,\" he added quietly. Ava blushed. \"Of course I like you Stacy, would I have acted like a raging bitch otherwise?\" \"Probably not,\" he put his cup down and ran his hand along her arm, leaving sparks down her skin before his hand met hers. \"We should get outta here,\" he suggested in a whisper. \"Yeah,\" she smiled. Stacy gently laid a small kiss on her lips, only to be stopped as someone tossed an empty cup at the back of his head. \"Let's go now,\" he turned back and shot Wentzle a look, who in turn pointed to Paul Cullen, pinning the blame. \"Let me find Abbey first, don't want her to worry,\" she gently let go of Stacy who nodded, moving to speak to Red Dog as Ava fumbled her way past hot bodies through Bob's house. \"Hey gorgeous girl, where you heading?\" Gabi grinned, her body pressed up against the wall, her frame covered by Tony's. She grabbed Ava's wrist while she passed as Tony pulled away from her and balanced himself on the wall beside Gabi, giving Ava the usual once over, it sickened Ava. \"Looking for Abbey, I'm gonna head out.\" \"You just got here,\" Gabi whined. \"Ahh, alone time with Stacy?\" \"Pretty much. Abbey?\" \"Dunno, out back I think?\" Gabi's eyes rolled back as Tony stole Gabi's focus from Ava, pressing his lips to her neck. \"Right…\" Ava shuddered remotely disgusted out from Gabi and Alva's PDA, she made her way outside. She headed out to the patio and kept an eye out for her best friend. She spotted Abbey in a warm embrace with Bob towards the back of the yard, quite surprised Bob had the ability to be soft and almost, did it appear, caring? Ava wasn't sure but wandered over and gently tapped his shoulder. Bob turned around, alerting Abbey who did the same thing. \"Hey, it's the Aussie,\" Bob said with his winning smile. \"And what brings you out here?\" \"Hey, Ave,\" Abbey smiled, flushed. \"Hey, I'm gonna get going,\" She replied, pointing back towards the door. \"Oh, things not go so well with Stacy?\" Abbey figured. Ava blushed. \"No! They went just fine.\" \"Of course they did,\" Bob chuckled. \"Stacy is ass-up over you, Ava. Trust me.\" Ava stared hard at her feet for fear she'd reveal her embarrassment to both Abbey and Bob. \"Oh.\" Abbey lifted her friend's face. \"I hope you're leaving with him?\" \"Yeah.\" \"Okay. Well, have a good night,\" Abbey let go of Bob and gave her friend a hug. \"I'll come around tomorrow, okay?\" \"Okay,\" Ava nodded. \"I'll see you then,\" she turned her heel. \"And you kids be safe!\" Bob called after her with a chuckle. Ava rolled her eyes, making her way inside. She said a quick goodbye to Peggy Oki who was chatting to Shogo Kubo, heading into the living room to find Stacy waiting expectantly. He broke into a small grin when he saw her and led her through the smoke and teenagers towards the front door. Stacy beamed his bright, toothy grin as he wrapped his arm around Ava's waist, proudly. \"Did you borrow your parents car?\" Ava asked. He shook his head. \"Wrong, guess again?\" He replied, he let go of her as she inspected the wagon, circling around it. He sat on the bonnet, careful not to scratch it with the studs on his faded blue jeans. \"Stole it?\" she teased, raising an eyebrow. Stacy chuckled. \"Wrong again. Give up?\" \"My first guesses were failures, so yes.\" \"I finally got the cash for the car, and this is it,\" he announced, raising his arms in grandeur. \"Ahh! Awesome, Stacy!\" she exclaimed, high-fiving him. \"Got her yesterday,\" he gently buffed a spot with his t-shirt. \"You didn't tell me today.\" \"I didn't have time in between you getting there late then leaving early,\" he joked as she blushed with a pout, before looking in the windows at the interior. \"Like her?\" \"Love her!\" Ava exclaimed. \"And not jealous a single bit jealous that you have a car and I do not.\" Stacy laughed, lifting his frame off the car and finding the keys in his pocket, unlocking the passenger door for her, guiding her in before ducking around to the driver's side, piling in. She gave him a proud kiss on the cheek, pleasing him. As he started the car, the Allman Brother's 'Midnight Rider' filled the space between them. \"Allman Brothers, huh? Really?\" she tried to hide her disappointed look. \"I didn't know you'd be in here tonight,\" Stacy defended himself playfully. \"But if I did see you, it was my intention to get you in here at some point.\" Ava giggled. \"Cocky tonight, are we, Peralta?\" \"Only when I'm really sure on something. Here,\" he leaned over the backseat and dumped a heap of cassettes into her lap. \"Take your pick. Ladies choice.\" \"Hmm, you may regret this,\" she said sifting through the tapes. \"Here,\" she handed him the obvious choice, Pink Floyd. Stacy smiled and put the tape in, closely followed by shifting his weight over the gear shift to leave a small kiss on Ava's lips. \"Where do you want to go, we can go anywhere you want,\" he whispered, his bright blue eyes boring intently into hers, telling her she didn't have that much of a choice by the lust in his aqua eyes. \"I don't care,\" she replied, bracing his chest as they kissed again, the feel of Stacy's heartbeat burst through his shirt into her hands as the faint sounds of 'Shine On You Crazy Diamond' began. \"Anywhere.\" \"This is great ice cream.\" Ava smiled happily, spooning more of the delicious chocolate dessert into her mouth as they sat on the hood of Stacy's car overlooking the water later that evening. \"What did you get?\" \"Butter Pecan, it's good, you want to try?\" he offered her his cone. \"Yeah,\" she gently licked some. \"Hmm, that's awesome. Chocolate?\" she offered. \"I'm pretty familiar with the more generic flavours,\" He winked. \"Yeah, chocolate is pretty dull, huh?\" \"Yes, but I'm not judging because if you're one thing, it's not dull,\" he teased. Ava chuckled. \"Smooth. I love ice cream, if I could have it 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, life would be sweet. I'd also be the size of a whale, but it might be worth the sacrifice – eating just doesn't get this good.\" \"So ice cream will keep me in your good books?\" Stacy chuckled. \"Would always help your plight if need be,\" she paused, nudging him. \"So, there's something I've been meaning to ask you. Maybe this is my ignorance as an Australian, but I'm just baffled by something…\" she said as he gave her a curious look. \"You look like a pretty regular California guy to me – but I don't understand where the 'Peralta' comes from?\" Stacy grinned. \"My dad is half-Mexican.\" \"You don't look it.\" \"Nope, not at all.\" He acknowledged. \"I'm my mother's son. I look just like her.\" \"What do your parents do?\" she followed up. He gave her a cautious look and licked his ice cream in thoughtful contemplation. He wasn't sure how to broach the question as his father was once again unemployed, without saying, 'my father was fired for being a raging alcoholic'. \"My mom is a real estate agent,\" he concluded. \"What does your father do?\" Ava just didn't miss a beat. Stacy shrugged tersely. \"He's in between jobs at the moment.\" \"Ahh, okay,\" she said, not giving it a second thought, looking out at the ocean before them. \"You don't care about that?\" he asked quietly. \"Why should I? I think it's rad your mum works. My mum hasn't lifted a finger since Aaron was born, so that equates to about 21 years or so of doing nothing but sweet FA. She lives off my dad, it's reasonably blatant,\" she shrugged. \"I say that like it doesn't bother me… but it really does. I just don't want to end up like her.\" \"You don't want to be a full-time mom one day?\" \"Of course I do – I know I'm years off that though,\" she paused. \"My brothers and I were raised by nannies. Mum always had something better to do, you know, going to the beautician, or the salon. Shopping, tennis, whatever. Anything but the 3 of us.\" \"I'm sorry to hear that.\" Stacy suddenly didn't feel so bad that his dad's alcoholism. His dad wasn't such a bad guy, never hurt his wife or son, aside from the fact he didn't seem any closer to reducing his alcohol intake per day, Stacy realized there was only so many water rationing jokes his father could make with a glass of Jack Daniels in his hand before it was too old. \"I guess all families are more or less more screwed up than most would like them to be.\" \"That's true,\" Ava nodded. \"I love my mum, but she's just not the most hands on kinda mother. I think I scare her because want to do a few things with my life and I've been quite vocal about it. She just never had that opportunity,\" Ava groaned. \"To be honest, my mum met my dad and she married him as soon as she was out of high school.\" \"Do you think she's jealous?\" Ava considered it. \"Maybe but I think she is happy with her life for the most part.\" Stacy nodded, satisfied as he finished his cone. \"I'm glad we got away, Ava.\" \"Do you want to finish mine? I'm full,\" she offered. He smiled, happily taking it. \"You'll learn about me that I have a bottomless stomach,\" he said. Ava laughed. \"Just count yourself lucky, I don't give ice cream away to just anyone.\" \"I'll cherish this forever,\" he chuckled. Once polishing off Ava's cone, he sighed. \"So…\" Ava smirked, not meeting his eyes. \"Yeah. Gonna ask me to join you in the backseat or what, Stace?\" she looked up with bright green eyes that gave him nothing but the green light. Stacy laughed, blushing. \"Was on the tip of my tongue, actually.\" \"Well, I just took the privilege. Get in the backseat, Peralta.\"[Chapter 13] I've been away from FF for a looong time. Kudos for those who are still reading. Appreciate all comments as usual. Thanks to those who've put the story on their Faves, Alerts and to those reviewing. This is absolutely not my favourite chapter, but I'll hopefully add the next chapter this weekend if time permits (it's actually my fave lil part next so lemme know if you're still keen to read), because I'm heading north for winter and ready for a week of sun! Cheers and (hopefully you) enjoy. \"That one, right there,\" Ava pointed as Stacy drove her home. Stacy swallowed, her house – easily – was the biggest one on the block. He recognized the area, he and the boys had been to a few parties there and destroyed a few houses in the process, he remembered meekly. \"Nice place,\" Stacy mumbled. \"Eh, it's okay,\" she smiled. \"Thanks for the ride home.\" He smiled. \"Well, how else were you to get home?\" \"I could have gone back to the shop and found Abbey.\" \"I didn't think of that, but it's no problem, really,\" he parked the car and turned the radio down. \"I had a great time tonight, Ava.\" \"Me too,\" she smiled shyly. He leaned over, leaving a small kiss on her lips. \"Goodnight.\" She smiled. \"Night,\" she didn't get out of the car. Stacy gave her a small look. \"Are you okay?\" he asked curiously. \"Sure,\" she reached over and kissed him again, taking Stacy by surprise at the force but he didn't not mind as the kiss got rougher quite quickly. He pulled her into his arms and they kissed for a few minutes. \"Hmm,\" she said as the kiss ended, a pleasant smile on her flushed face. \"That was awesome,\" he breathed, leaning his arm on the steering wheel and resting his chin in his hands, a goofy smile on his lips. \"Yeah, you're a great kisser,\" she told him, opening the door. \"Goodnight, Stacy,\" she quietly got out of the car and quickly scurried to the front door. She gave him a small wave and ducked inside. \"That girl will be the death of me,\" Stacy told himself with a small, yet smug grin as he started the car and headed back to Venice. \"So, dinner and a movie?\" Abbey grinned as she and Ava wandered around their local shopping mall a few days later after school. \"That sounds promising. Consecutive dates. Cute.\" Ava laughed at her friend's sarcasm. \"All right, smartarse, I know.\" \"So, when ya gonna do him?\" \"Abbey!\" Ava exclaimed, shocked. \"What? Like you haven't thought about it,\" Abbey smirked. Ava's eyes fell to the floor, her face bright red. \"Of course I have. You've seen him. Stacy is gorgeous,\" Ava admitted, bursting into bashful laughter. \"I dunno. Like, when we're making out, I am so tempted to just fall into it and give in. But then I think, we barely know each other, what if he turns out to be like some other of his friends?\" \"You mean like Bob?\" Abbey raised an eyebrow. \"I mean like Tony and Jay,\" Ava didn't miss a beat. Abbey was satisfied with her answer. \"I see your point. Continue.\" \"And I know he's turned on. Kinda nice that I can get him like that,\" Ava grinned mischievously. \"It's pretty frustrating for both of us since I'm so bloody timid he'll go out and break my heart if I let things eventuate,\" Ava was clearly frustrated with herself. \"Stacy isn't like that, you know that,\" Abbey said softly. \"He doesn't force you into – \" \"No, no,\" Ava blushed. \"So when are you guys hanging out next? Maybe let him get to 2nd base or something. Little under the shirt action,\" Abbey winked knowingly. \"You're telling me you think he hasn't been there?\" Ava giggled, shaking her head in sweet memory. \"All right, I get it. Seriously though, could I be more mentally unstable to date a frickin' skateboarder? My God, my parents will have coronaries if they ever find out…\" Ava sighed to herself. \"Why do you even care?\" \"Starting World War III with my mum isn't in my foreseeable future. Sometimes I'm sure the threats she makes about a Romanian boarding school are true…\" Ava muttered. Abbey laughed loudly. \"We both know you're mother would have to pay more attention to you than that. Anyway, there would be far too much paperwork for her to fill out,\" Abbey winked. \"Well I'm just glad you're at least having fun. You can't always be the hot and bothered private school kid, you know.\" \"I'm not hot and bothered,\" Ava mumbled defensively. \"I'm just picky. \"Besides, why shouldn't I cover my own back for fear that the guy I'm dating is completely wrong for me?\" she tried again. \"Are you trying to convince yourself that you just might not be compatible with Stacy? You're 16! At this age, we're not surprised to know what we want. It's the 70s and we're in Los Angeles, we were only here for a good time, not a long time,\" Abbey reasoned and Ava had to admit she made a fairly good point. \"It's been what? A few weeks?\" Abbey asked, inspecting her perfectly manicured nails. \"You don't have to marry him, Ave.\" \"Yeah, you're completely right,\" Ava sighed. \"I'm absolutely paranoid about something that's really just some fun.\" \"Exactly,\" Abbey grinned. \"Come on, I'll drop you at home. Weren't you going to Marissa's to tutor her in math or something this afternoon?\" \"Oh crap… yeah, would you mind?\" Ava asked as they wandered out of store and headed into the swarms of families and eager shoppers. \"Sorry to cut this afternoon short.\" \"I'll drop you off on my way home, come on, this place is a bust anyway. It's no problem.\" \"Very disappointing afternoon,\" Ava confirmed as Abbey wrapped and arm around her shoulders and led her from the shopping mall. \"Leaving empty handed blows the big one. I think my credit cards feel abandoned.\" Abbey laughed. \"You poor dear.\" Ever have one of those afternoons when you walk right into a mine field? Well, Ava was currently dodging and maneuvering explosions left, right and centre as she lay by Marissa's pool, jaw-gaping as the Malibu Princess laid down the law across from her. Apparently study was the last thing on Marissa's mind as she unloaded on Ava and her new… acquaintances. \"Look, there's only so much of this bailing on us to hang out with those dirty… skate boys,\" Marissa stumbled over the last few words, unable to find a pleasant way to describe Ava, and to an extent Abbey's new company. \"Yeah, and you can't even skate. Or surf!\" Tia added smartly, clearly proud of herself and her valuable contribution she had brought to Ava's intervention. Ava pondered how many brain cells that declaration of intelligence cost her. It would cost Ava more to find out. Ava frowned. \"I thought you liked the boys. They're really nice when you get to know them… kind of. Sort of,\" Ava figured keeping the examples of the Z-Boys to herself and being brutally honest, she could talk to maybe one of two of them aside from Stacy without wanting to slap them across the face with the gutter trash mouths. She decided to keep in. \"No,\" Marissa spoke up, sipping her lemonade. \"I mean, you're drinking with them, laying all over the blonde one like you're sleeping together. Where's your dignity, Ava? Please, I know there's some shreds left in there somewhere.\" Ava frowned, wishing Abbey had joined them to back her up. She sat up and wrapped her arms around her long legs. \"How long have you been thinking this?\" \"More or less since you invited Peralta Gabi's party,\" Marissa said. \"Look, we like Stacy, he's a sweet, considerate boy. But the rest of his friends… urgh!\" she feigned regurgitation. \"It's killing your reputation. I didn't want to be the one to tell you but really, you're smarter than you let on, Ava. You must know your social standing is taking a beating right now, right?\" \"Sweetie, we're just saying this because we care,\" Tee added. Ava inhaled, putting together her friend's comments. \"So, you like Stacy, but the rest of the boys don't cut it?\" Ava stood up and began collecting her things. \"That's cool – you're all entitled to your own opinions, but here's couple few quick ones for you guys,\" she wrapped a towel around herself. \"Tia, you're so friggin' dumb I sometimes can't comprehend how you keep passing classes,\" Ava watched Tia blink, an absent look behind her eyes. She sighed, moving on. \"And Marissa, your new nose looks as bad as the last one! …and your dad was the friggin' surgeon – both times!\" she added as the girls looked on, shocked. Ava wasn't entirely proud of herself for stooping to such pathetic lows, but it would have to do considering she hadn't considered packing her own ammo for that afternoon's 'study' session. \"Who do you think you are getting off saying all this to us?\" Marissa spoke up, standing and going nose to nose with Ava. \"I've been saving it for a really, really long time.\" Ava muttered. \"This might be social suicide, but if it means I don't have to be swallowed up in your pathetic world, I'm outta here,\" Ava concluded, putting her bag over her shoulder and leaving via the side gate, towards her Mercedes parked out the front. She dumped her stuff in the passenger seat and drove to somewhere to vent… and she knew just the place.[Chapter 14] \"Uhh, can I help you, miss?\" Gerald Peralta asked, eyeing the pretty young brunette in the two-piece swimsuit and a towel with bright pink flip flops, standing at his front door. Gerald wondered whether she was aware she was standing at someone's front stoop dressed the way she was. \"Hi, you must be Stacy's father. I'm Ava Mitchell, a friend of your son. I was wondering if Stacy was here, please?\" Ava spat out, a small, shy smile on her tanned features. She hoped it made her look more endearing than desperate as she smelt the waft of bourbon coming from the older man. She was reminded of Stacy confiding in her of his father's drinking habits. \"Umm, one minute.\" He left the door, disappearing and he returned with the tall blonde teenager a moment later. An amused smile played on Stacy's lips before he covered them with his hand. His father let Stacy out of the house, closing the door behind him. \"What are you doing here? Were you just at the beach?\" Stacy noted her get up. \"No, I was at Tia's.\" she barely paused, charging into her fury. \"I had a fight with the girls and just drove here.\" She said, taking a seat on the front step, Stacy joining her, tucking some blonde hair behind his ears. \"I didn't really know where else to go.\" \"Well, I can't lie and say I'm not happy this is where you ended up.\" He gave her a gentle smile, hoping to calm her a little. \"I'm just glad you were home.\" She dug her forehead into his muscular arm. \"My friends hate you and your friends.\" She spat out as Stacy chuckled lightly. \"Can't say I'm not surprised.\" He rested his chin on her hair, gently wrapping an arm over her shoulders. \"I wouldn't be too concerned though, this wouldn't be the first time something like this has happened in my group with a girl.\" She looked up at him sadly. \"You're not offended?\" He shrugged. \"More like… not overly shocked.\" She cuddled into his strong body. \"Argh, this sucks.\" \"It'll be okay, didn't listen to anyone else's BS, it's just not worth it at the end of the day. You do what makes you happy, Ave.\" He told her. \"How did you get here, anyway?\" \"I had my mum's car for the day.\" Stacy noted the Mercedes on the road out front, sticking out like a broken thumb in the blue-collar neighborhood. \"Oh.\" He rubbed her warm arm. \"It's kind of a good thing, I was planning on coming over tonight to talk anyway. Maybe we could do it now though\" \"What's up?\" she asked, frowning slightly, hoping more bad news wasn't forecast for that afternoon. He lowered his eyes, removing his arm from her shoulders, not helping her sudden panic in any way. \"I was kinda gonna ask if you would be interested in being my girlfriend… no more messing around, just you and me - \" \"You wanna be with me?\" she cut in. \"Of course – \" \"Really?\" Stacy chuckled. \"Yeah, I really like you, Ava.\" he told her. \"I mean, I know we weren't too confident about starting anything, but sorry, I kinda wanna to be with you.\" He whispered the last bit. Ava gave him a small, reassuring smile. \"Okay.\" \"Really?\" \"Yeah,\" she nodded as he sealed their little promise with a gentle kiss. \"Well, good.\" \"You should come over tomorrow night. My parents are going to Maui for some R&R; and golf… or something. I could cook for you and maybe we could watch some TV?\" she was trying hard not to show the excitement in her voice, and Stacy loved it. He nodded. \"I'll check my diary, think I'm free.\" He teased. Her jaw gaped. \"Stacy Peralta.\" He smiled cheekily before leaning down to kiss her again. \"That sounds great. I can't wait for you to cook for me. That's very domesticated – not that I expect it or anything, but it's nice that you cook.\" \"Hey, I might have a live-in chef, but it doesn't mean I don't enjoy the therapeutic qualities of chopping the shit out of a carrot when my parents piss me off so badly I secretly want to cut them.\" \"That's charming and alarmingly violent.\" Stacy joked as she blushed, before gently licking her lips, reaching up to kiss him again. \"So, it's you and me, huh? It's official now?\" \"I suppose so.\" Her eyes flashed happily. \"Do you want to come in and have something to drink or something?\" he helped her stand, his lips happily finding hers again. She nodded. \"And you can meet my parents since my dad has already met most of you.\" He finally took in one last appreciative glance at the exposed tanned flesh. \"As well as the rest of the neighborhood.\" He chuckled as she shrieked, hiding behind him. \"Oh my God, I'm so embarrassed.\" She croaked. \"I just didn't even think when I left Tia's. I was just so angry…\" He turned to face her. \"It's okay. You can come to my place half naked any time you like, but to meet my olds, might be more encouraging to maybe put on a shirt and maybe some shorts or a skirt of something.\" He grinned. \"Oh, my God.\" She was simply mortified. \"Your dad must think I'm some sort of cheap slut.\" \"No, no.\" Stacy told her. \"I have girls showing up on the front stoop in their bikinis every day, he's totally used to it.\" He teased as she rolled her eyes, before her caught her lips on his again. Once a sweet kiss suddenly turned more passionate as her tongue begged his mouth for entry. Not hearing the door open, but someone clearing their throat, Stacy and Ava quickly pulled away from each other as Stacy's mom, Justine, stepped out to join them as the teens blushed profusely. \"Who's your friend, Stace?\" she asked, trying to hide the confusion in her voice. \"Dammit.\" He muttered quietly. Stacy hadn't mentioned a new girl – heck, he hadn't mentioned anyone since the Alva girl and that was seemingly over before it began. \"Uhh, Mom, this is Ava, she's umm, my girlfriend.\" He blushed furiously. Ava nodded, quickly wiped her mouth of Justine's son's saliva with the back of her hand and offered her other palm to Stacy's mother. \"Hi Mrs. Peralta, it's lovely to finally meet you.\" \"You too, dear, that accent is just adorable.\" Justine said, giving Stacy a 'when did this happen?' look. \"Been at the beach, dear?\" \"Yeah.\" She flushed as Stacy hid his grin. \"Something like that. My clothes are in my car.\" She pointed out front. \"I might actually go get them and get changed, if you don't mind?\" \"Absolutely not. When you're changed, come into the kitchen for some lemonade, we can get better acquainted.\" Justine offered as Ava nodded, heading towards her car again. \"She's a real cutie, Stace.\" She tapped her son's shoulder excitedly. He blushed more if possible. \"Mom, please – \" Justine laughed. \"I'm just kidding, sweetheart. Show Ava to your room so she can change, okay?\" Justine headed back inside as Ava returned to him, carrying her gear under her arm. She was still beet red, her unease not clearing. \"Yeah, she's totally loves you.\" Stacy confirmed. Ava sighed. \"Parents love me,\" she shrugged. \"It's the accent, I guess.\" Stacy grinned. \"Come on inside,\" he wrapped an arm around her waist. \"I'll show you to my room.\" She feigned shock. \"Are you getting fresh, Mr. Peralta?\" He laughed. \"Go get changed.\" He said, gently pushing her into his room and closing the door after her – his teenage hormones screaming to go in there with her, but he had far too much respect for her and knew that soon enough both of their hormones would eventually take over and all would be right in the world. He was a teenage boy after all, eventually the yerning would get to him too... \"Where did you meet my son, dear?\" Justine asked as Ava and Stacy sat at the kitchen bench, sipping soda and playing with the cookies she'd left for them. \"Umm, we met at a skate thing a few months ago.\" Ava said vaguely – she figured saying a party where most of the local kids were bombed on drugs and alcohol wasn't a great focal point. \"Stacy and that skating, he needs to realize that it's just a kid's hobby and start thinking about college.\" Justine forced a laugh. Ava stifled an uncomfortable giggle, gently patting Stacy's knee under the bench, reassuringly. Ava realized it was a touchy subject – Stacy's parents had been riding him for as long as he could remember about where his priorities about the future lay. He thought he'd met them half way with getting his own part-time job, making his own money and now buying his own car – but he knew they secretly wanted him to be a scholar and cure cancer one day, something Stacy knew he certainly wasn't interested in, let alone remotely cared to understand. Stacy linked their fingers, knowing better than to broach the subject. \"Well, I should probably be going. It's family dinner night, can't miss it.\" Ava said, getting up from her seat, putting her empty glass in the sink. \"I'll get in trouble if I'm late.\" \"No problem, sweetie.\" Justine smiled. \"It was lovely to meet you.\" \"You too.\" Ava held out her hand again, only to be smothered in a hug from Stacy's mom. Was she drunk?! He almost asked, hiding his grin at Ava's smashed face under Justine's grasp. She straightened herself out. \"Thanks for having me, Mrs. Peralta.\" \"It's Justine, sweetie. Stacy's dad is Gerry. Come back anytime.\" \"Thanks.\" She blushed as Stacy guided her out of the kitchen and out to the front yard. \"Wow.\" She giggled. \"You were great in there, usually nothing gets past the old lady.\" He brushed some brown hair from her face. \"I'm sorry she smothered you.\" He finally laughed. \"But it was really cute seeing you all stifled though.\" She grinned. \"As I said before, parents love me.\" \"My mom loves you more now you're clothed.\" He teased. She fired her tongue out at him. \"I should go.\" \"Okay.\" Stacy leaned down to kissed her, their kiss once again turning intense, shocking them both, but keeping the feeling until someone drove past, beeping. \"Get a friggin' room, Peralta!\" the male driver yelled, zooming past. \"People actually do that? Calling out windows of cars?\" Ava was amazed. \"I guess not everyone is terrified of a Z-Boy, huh?\" she joked, heading towards her car, finding her keys in the bottom of her bag. He shrugged, a pleased grin on his flushed features. \"Well, not this one.\" Stacy figured. She got into the car, Stacy closing the door after her. He leaned in and left another single kiss on her lips. \"You'd better go, or I'm going to be tempted to jump into the car with you and I should try and study, and by try and study , I really mean think of kissing you all night.\" She grinned. \"As it should be.\" She started the car. \"Have a nice night, Stace, study or not,\" She winked before reversing the car and leaving. \"She will be the death of me,\" he murmured, before going back inside, no doubt to 20 questions from his parents about his new friend.[Chapter 15] A/N - First and foremost I would not be posting this without the constant encouragement from Chance969, I hope you enjoy this update. It's entirely for your good self. I probably wouldn't have bothered venturing back to this story if it weren't for you. Thank to others that have posted reviews. Please R&R;, I love your opinions and it encourages further chapters hehe Stacy parked his car out the front of the Mitchell home the next night, as promised, Ava was making him dinner while her family was away (she invited him over while her family was away, if he wasn't in, he knew, he certainly would be so close! The drought needed to cease and quickly). It was their first official date, so Stacy went to the florist and picked up some carnations at the advice of the florist (while Stacy still considered roses a better option) to dote on Ava a bit. Stacy wasn't a huge fan of romance at all , but knew Ava was a pretty up-market girl and the flowers would surely play in his favour. He hoped. He grabbed the flowers off the passenger seat and shuffled his sneakers to the front door, pressing the door bell. \"Coming!\" Ava called from the other side of the door. She opened it, wearing a huge smile. \"Hey.\" She smiled, stopping out of the way to let him in. \"You found the place okay?\" \"Yeah, I remembered from the last time.\" Stacy said, slightly uncomfortably, shoving the flowers in her hands. \"Here, these are for you.\" She looked at the flowers and plastered a smile (that Stacy couldn't read. Oh no! ) on her lovely face. \"Carnations,\" she stated. Stacy could tell she was definitely feigning excitement. Shit, he thought. \"You're sweet, thanks Stacy.\" She said, reaching over to hug him. \"Come on in, I just put the pasta on, dinner should be about 15 minutes or so.\" She led him through the massive hallway towards the even grander kitchen, where Stacy was surprised to see the kitchen in working order and quite tidy. \"Take a seat; can I get you something to drink?\" \"Yeah, soda would be great.\" He said as she went to the fridge and pulled a can out for him before finding somewhere to put the flowers. \"So, how was your day?\" he asked, opening the soda. \"Pretty good.\" She smiled, heading to the stove. \"I hope you like bolognaise, Stace.\" She said, stirring the sauce. \"It's about all I can cook. I make no apologies,\" she shrugged. \"Love it. I'm sure it will be great.\" He popped off the seat to come and inspect the items on the stove. \"Smells great.\" He pulled her in his tanned, strong arms. \"I can't believe you're cooking for me.\" He chuckled as she reached up and tucked some blonde hair behind his ear. \"I must admit, I really enjoy it. I help our cook a lot too.\" Stacy wondered just how easy it was for that to roll off Ava's tongue? Stacy knew, not even if skateboarding somehow took off and he one day made money from it that Skip wasn't pocketing for himself, would he be able to afford a cook. This girl had money and his inadequacy grew. He urged the notion away and said, \"I could get used to it.\" He kissed her gently. \"I've been thinking about you all day. I went for a surf, could barely get my lazy ass off the board, but managed to make up for that by finding more concrete than moves on my skateboard.\" She chuckled. \"Oh, no, did you hurt yourself?\" she asked, pouting. \"Couple of scrapes, but nothing serious.\" He showed a scrape on his toned belly. \"Ouch.\" She grimaced. \"That looks like it hurts.\" \"Yeah, gravel destroyed my t-shirt too.\" He mumbled sadly, taking the wooden spoon from her to stir the simmering sauce. \"That looks really good, I'm surprised you can't hear my stomach rumbling.\" \"You're a natural with the spoon.\" She teased. \"Occasionally I help out in the kitchen at work.\" He said seriously. \"That's good. Can you cook?\" \"I can burn grilled cheese for you if you're really desperate.\" He grinned widely. \"Not really that desperate,\" she admitted. \"Give me a call when you've mastered it though.\" A few hours later, after watching Dan Akroyd, Steve Belushi and Chevy Chase on Saturday Night Live under low lights, a predictable teenage heavy make out fest commenced, bother learning much about the others kissing and to Stacy's pleasure, Ava's curves. \"Oh my God.\" Ava giggled as they both stopped for air and pawing each other on the couch. She had been happily pinned under Stacy and she certainly wasn't complaining, only slightly surprised he hadn't tried to get further but finding it refreshing as well. But mostly just surprising. She knew about the Dogtown boys, there wasn't a girl that they couldn't find a way to get into the panties of and she suddenly wondered what he must have thought she was encouraging when she invited him for dinner. Stacy rested his head on the cushion beside her, his face flushed. He gently brushed some brown hair from her eyes and rested his calloused hand just on her tanned thigh, enjoying the fact that if things escalated later, there would be easy access in her little black dress. He did notice some concern on her face. \"You okay?\" he frowned. She looked up, busted that he'd caught her drift away with her thoughts. \"Great.\" She said quickly, cuddling into him, not wanting him too far away from her grasp. \"You're not like you're friends, are you?\" He gave a wry grin, raising a blonde eyebrow, curious where this discussion might go. \"What makes you think that?\" \"You seem so… patient. And polite. I would think if I was in this situation with any of your team mates, well… I don't think my tongue wouldn't be the main attraction for them. I like that you're not rushing me.\" \"Well, it's not like it hasn't crossed my mind.\" He admitted with a blush. \"Trust me, if you gave me the green light, things would be different, but I can wait.\" He added hastily. \"I like that, it will be different, but don't think I'm one of those girls that will hold out for months on end. It's just not going to be right away.\" She rested her hand on his hip, close but not close enough to trigger anymore discomfort from what she was already witness to. \"I really like you, Stace.\" He smiled. \"I really like you too.\" \"I just want to tell you something…\" \"Anything, go ahead.\" \"Well,\" she said quietly, looking into his eyes. \"I have kind of liked you for a really long time. Like, since we met at the first Zephyr party.\" \"Oh.\" He blushed further. \"That's okay. Sympathy is still a feeling, I guess. But if it makes you feel any better, I couldn't figure out why this gorgeous girl like you had even bothered talking to me…\" \"No, not sympathy,\" she shook her head, a little frustrated. When he entertained her with curious smile, she kept on. \"I've realized that I was pretty much staring at you when all that stuff went down with Kathy so I could figure out who my competition was. I thought about it and yeah, I certainly attracted to the hot blonde guy.\" She said, bashfully. \"And all I could think when you went to find Kathy was, 'it's only natural to go for the nice guy in a relationship'. My luck is pretty rotten in that respect.\" \"Well, it worked out in your favour. Kathy was never really the girl for me. Took me long enough to figure it out though. I mean, if she dumps me for my friend, there's no doubt she could have run off with any other random dude, right?\" \"That's true.\" She nodded, sighing. \"She clearly doesn't know what she's missing though,\" Ava said simply as Stacy's shrugged modestly as Ava quietened again. \"You okay?\" he asked again. \"Yeah,\" she smiled. \"I just wanted you to know that.\" \"Well, it was nice to hear,\" he told her, genuine, as he shifted uncomfortably. \"Uhh, I need to go to the bathroom,\" he said as they both sat up. \"Oh, sure,\" she said, pointing to the direction of the rest room. \"Thanks,\" he said as they both sat. She looked at him questioningly, trying to read his concerned face as he spied the roof, his eyes darting everywhere but at her and twiddled his thumbs. \"It's my turn to ask if you're okay.\" \"He nodded once. \"Just need a minute,\" he said, bashfully, tapping his toe, tentatively. \"Oh,\" Ava said, embarrassed. \"Sorry, I didn't realized.\" \"It's cool,\" he said with a half grin. \"Great!\" he exclaimed, standing up and dashing for the rest room as Ava pulled a cushion to her face and giggled, wickedly. \"Nice that I've got him on tenterhooks though, I guess. Oh, yeah.\" Stacy woke about 7:30am the next morning, silently cursing to himself as he read his watch. He had missed his early morning surf, but wasn't too phased as Ava blinked a few times before stretching as much as she could in his arms. They fell asleep on the couch, their interaction not massing to much more than earlier, but Stacy sure wasn't going to leave if he wasn't going to be asked. \"Hey.\" He smiled. \"Good morning.\" \"Hi.\" She yawned. \"You stayed?\" \"I think we both fell asleep here during that stupid late night movie.\" She nodded. \"Oh.\" \"That's okay, right?\" She tucked some blonde hair behind his ear. \"That is fine.\" He gently kissed her. \"I'm glad. I had a great time last night.\" \"Me too.\" \"I should probably go.\" \"Your parents won't be mad that you didn't go home?\" she asked cautiously, knowing she would be reamed 50 different ways if she'd pulled a stunt like Stacy had and not come home by curfew. Stacy had to laugh and think when it was last that his parents even gave a remote half a crap about his whereabouts. \"My parents probably won't care that I've gone, but I have to work today.\" He rolled his eyes, as Ava touched his swollen lips. \"Gotta fund your skateboarding habit somehow, huh?\" \"Yeah.\" He untangled his body from hers and stretched. \"This couch is great, by the way, I slept like a baby.\" She giggled. \"Yeah, it's a good couch.\" Stacy stood up. \"I'll see you soon?\" Ava stood up and kissed him deeply. \"I think you should come over tonight.\" She kissed him again, tangling her fingers in his hair. \"And tomorrow night, and the night after that.\" Stacy chuckled, before noting the seriousness in her eyes. \"Oh – really?\" \"Yes, really.\" She wrapped her arms around his neck. \"I'll cook for you again.\" She shivered as he lightly put his lips to her neck. \"And then we'll just see how the night goes…\" He gave her a small but regrettable smile. \"I'm working until 11.\" \"I'll wait.\" \"This will be the slowest day ever.\" He groaned as Ava rubbed his chest. \"Yup, I'm going to hang out by the pool, fix up some tan lines.\" Stacy laughed. \"You might be pure evil, Ava.\" \"You could call in sick?\" she played with the buttons on his shirt. \"I could…\" he said, seeing what she was doing. \"But I still have to make an appearance at home to get some clothes and stuff.\" \"Okay.\" She gave him puppy dog eyes, twirling some of his blonde hair around her finger. \"Oh, no. Must resist… those eyes.\" \"Make the call, Stace. Stay here today.\" She urged. \"I need to make some money.\" His lips met hers. She grunted, letting go of him. \"All right… I can wait until tonight... if you can.\" \"This is like the worst choice I've ever made, but I'll come back after my shift… and a shower.\" He screwed his face up. \"Being a bus boy isn't very glamourous.\" He admitted. \"Okay.\" She smiled. \"I'll see you tonight.\" She walked with him to the door. \"Have a good day, don't find another girlfriend, okay?\" \"I promise you I will not.\" He gave her one more kiss. \"Enjoy your tanning.\" \"I absolutely will, you will too.\" She laughed as his head feel back, in utter disappointment that he would not be sharing this finer hours with her by the pool. She hugged him closely. \"Be good, Peralta.\" \"I should be telling you that…\" She laughed, shrugging. \"Probably.\" He headed to his car. \"You look great first thing in the morning.\" \"You're smooth.\" She winked as he got in the car, starting the engine. \"I'll see you tonight.\" \"Bye.\" She waved as he reversed and left. \"That was an awesome night…\" she told herself, closing the door and starting her day. ","Summary":" Updated - I've edited the first and second chapters to possibly garner more interest. Not sure how "},{"Movie":"Lords of Dogtown","Title":"Dogtown: Recipe for a Blackhole","Author":"haliad","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4065655","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AN: Hello new readers! This first chapter is really sketchy, especially the dialogue, so bare with me. The story does get better as time goes on. I've gotten the most hits on chapter 3, with chapter 7 closely tied, so at least keep reading until you get to either of those, and then decide to dump it. To the old readers, this chapter has the same content in it, I just rewrote some the wording to see if it gets a better reaction from new readers. You don't have to read it to know what's going on. Eden is NOT a Mary Sue, she's actually got a sort of uptight personality, which should be an interesting contrast to the Z-boys. Also, I hate most of the chapter titles I make up, so don't even pay attention to those! Disclaimer: I've used characters, settings and dialogue from LoDT, as well as other mentions of 70's music and pop culture. The title is borrowed from one of my favorite songs, 'Pictures of Success' by Rilo Kiley. The only thing that's really mine is Eden. - - - ±Dogtown: Recipe for a Blackhole± Chapter 1. The Slum by the Sea Once upon a time there was a girl who couldn't stand the town she lived in. The girl happened to live in the seedy side of Venice, California. To some, Venice was known as \"the slum by the sea\" but to others it was just known as \"Dogtown.\" The reason why the girl hated it so much was because there was also a group of skater boys there, who lived only to bug and harass me. I mean her . Okay, so I may over-exaggerate a little, because they don't necessarily live for it. But I am the butt of their jokes, so I think I'm justified here. Around here, they're called the Z-boys. The Z stands for Zephyr, because they treat the Zephyr Surfboard shop, run by Skip Engblom, like a clubhouse. And I, having the wonderfully abundant luck that I do, happen to be the step-sister of Stacy Peralta, who is a prominent member of the Z-boys. Isn't that peachy? Now that I've gotten the preliminaries over with, I think I can move onto my story, which starts the morning Stacy takes me to Pacific Ocean Park. \"EDEN!\" A hand bangs on my bedroom door. \"Are you awake? Come on!\" My head hazily lifts from my drool-ridden pillow. A feeling of dread crosses me when I realize today is the first day of school. I haven't even made any friends yet, having moved here approximately two weeks ago. Not that I wanted to make friends with the locals, they're the last people on earth who'd I'd like. \"I'm up!\" I grumble, ceasing the heavy knocks on my door. In my state of somnolence, I manage to crawl out of bed and blindly reach for a dresser drawer. Ten minutes later, I'm angrily stomping down the stairs. I storm into the kitchen, and demand to know, \"Who woke me up?!\" \"That would be me,\" says my step-brother, Stacy, who was chomping on a piece of toast. \"Oh,\" I say in a mock calm voice. \"Okay. But now we be an excellent time for you to explain why . School doesn't start for another two hours!\" \"Calm down, Eden,\" says my mom as she peels two pieces of bacon apart. She glances at Stacy. \"Sorry, she's always like this in the morning. Hun, your step-father had to go to work early, so he won't be able to drive you to school. Since Stacy's the only one who knows the way, he's going to walk you.\" \"So?\" I say, slumping into a chair at the kitchen table. \"That still doesn't explain why we have to leave two hours early.\" \"Because Stacy's going surfing before classes start.\" \"What?\" I look at Stacy in confusion. It's then that I notice the orange, graffiti-decorated surfboard that's on the table in front of him. Stacy shrugs innocently. It was one of the many changes I had to adjust to when I moved to Venice. I wasn't used to having a brother around, let alone someone as mellow and carefree as Stacy Peralta was. Thankfully, he wasn't like rough-and-tumble as his friends were. It's a wonder how Stacy even came to be friends with the Z-boys. \"Can't believe this,\" I mumble, trying to control my annoyed tone of voice. \"It's bad enough that you go surfing this early in the morning, but now you do it before school ?\" After swallowing down a particularly large piece of bread, Stacy blushes and says, \"Well, yeah. It's just what I do.\" Grabbing a bagel, I walk out of the kitchen and gather my school supplies into my red backpack. Soon, Stacy trails in to tell me, \"Sorry it's cutting off your sleeping hours.\" \"It's alright. I'm not so much worried about that, but more with your jackass friends.\" \"I'll tell them to leave you alone. Ready?\" He raises his surfboard as indication of readiness to go. I nod and we head out the door. \"You can ride my bike.\" He picks up his bike from the side of the house and pushes it toward me. I awkwardly position myself on the padded seat. I hadn't ridden a bike since I was twelve years old, and now I was fifteen. Stacy stands on his skateboard and takes off down the street, with me pedaling behind him. After a seven-minute bumpy ride, we finally reach the grimy beach. I stare around in wonder, remembering what Stacy had told me about this pier. There used to be a twenty-eight acre amusement park residing here. But since it was torn down, all that was left were a bunch of town up pilings. It was like a playground for outlaws, and that's why it made me so uneasy being here. Despite there being legal warnings that the area was forbidden to trespass, that did not stop the local Dogtowners from coming here every morning to surf. It had to be the most dangerous place to surf in California, but they didn't seem to care. \"Peralta!\" hollers Skip Engblom's slurred voice. \"What's the girl doing here?\" As Stacy scurries over to explain the situation to Skip, I move past all the surfers who crowded the beach, and head toward the parking lot. The last time I came here, there had been an abandoned yellow couch at the side of the lot. I figure it would be an ideal place for me to wait, assuming that I wouldn't be bothered by anyone. When I reach the parking lot, the same couch was still there and empty, but some of the Z-boys are in the area. Some are skateboarding the rocky asphalt of the parking lot, others are messing around, and the remaining were cleaning up the area in order to earn their turns to surf the Cove. Trying to be as inconspicuous as possible, I slip past the boys and curl up onto the couch, which regrettably smells like cat pee. It was better than sitting on a boulder, at least. My plan of staying invisible doesn't last long, because someone yells, \"Dude, I see Red!\" and heads are turning my way. Jay Adams skates up to me and flips his board upward so that it lands on the couch. I scoot sideways to give him some room. \"What are you doing here, Peralta?\" He jumps on the couch and off again, with the skateboard in tow. \"Shouldn't you be off rearranging your sock drawer or something?\" He does some minor spins and tricks in front of me. \"Or did Stacy force you to come here? Huh?\" \"The latter,\" I reply. \"What latter?\" he says, confusion dazzling in his green eyes. I'm spared to answer when someone in the distance yells, \"What's the Virgin Mary doing at P.O.P.?\" I groan, then glance toward the voice's direction; a soaked Tony Alva trudges up the parking lot, towards us. He evidently just finished surfing. He leers at me, while Jay continues doing various twirls on his skateboard. \"Stacy brought me here,\" I impatiently explain, looking away at the scenery in hopes that they'd get the hint and go away. \"Why?\" fleers Tony. \"He didn't think you'd actually accomplish something out here, did he?\" I snap my head to glare at the Hispanic, moppy-haired teenager standing in front of me. \"Why, you don't think I could make it out there?\" I indicate the waves that are crashing against the sand bank. Tony leans on his board to give me a derisive look, and Jay raptly listens to the argument that was unfolding. \"You wouldn't even be able to swim out there, Peralta. You're that pathetic.\" I glare at him, contemplating the insults I can hurl at him. \"Pathetic? You're the one who measures his masculinity though how many waves you can surf. When in the end, it won't matter because you'll be an out-of-shape high school drop out, digging ditches for less than minimum wage.\" \"Meanwhile you'll be what?\" He tilts his head, as if to survey me. \"A pencil-neck librarian who still hasn't been laid?\" Jay laughs at this. \"The thing is, Alva, girls aren't testosterone-pumped freaks who think about sex every eight seconds. So stop thinking that they are.\" \"You think you can surf the Cove?\" he snaps. \"Go ahead, we're not stopping you.\" \"I don't know how, dip shit,\" I say without a beat, rolling my eyes at him. \"That's what I thought,\" he says with an air of extreme smugness. \"You can't surf for shit. Go home and cry to your mommy about it, for all I care.\" He begins mimicking a baby's cries, much to Jay's amusement, who guffaws in delight. \"Is that supposed to be a challenge?\" I snap angrily. \"No, sweetheart, it's a fact of life.\" Having felt like he'd gotten the last word in the quarrel, Tony throws down his skateboard and rolls out of the parking lot. I scowl in his direction and audibly growl in contempt, receiving a strange look from Jay. Out of all the Z-boys, Tony Alva was definitely the one who taunted me the worst. From day one, our egos had clashed. Jay wasn't as bad, because he wasn't as concerned with verbal fights as he was with physically humiliating me.[Chapter 2] Dogtown: Recipe for a Blackhole Chapter 2. The Cove? \"Why is Alva such a dick?\" The question evidently throws Stacy off, because he looks at me with flushed cheeks. He and I are walking down a boulevard, on our way to Venice High School. Half the Z-boys were skating toward the school, already several blocks ahead. The other half simply decided to ditch the day. \"Did you guys have another fight?\" says Stacy after a minute of silence. \"What gave it away?\" I say sardonically. \"The fact that we have arguments every time we come into contact with each other?\" \"That's just how he is, Eden,\" says Stacy abashedly. \"If you give him the wrong vibe, he doesn't pussy-foot around. But you shouldn't worry about him.\" \"He's a bully, Stacy, how am I supposed to just forget about him?\" \"I think you're overreacting.\" \"He insulted me over the little fact that I didn't know how to surf!\" \"Well, you can't really blame him,\" Stacy mumbles under his breath, in hope that I wouldn't overhear him. At seeing the outraged expression on my face, he rushes to explain: \"I mean, it's kind of an oddity here if you don't know how to surf. It's a big thing around here.\" \"Yeah, I noticed,\" I say, eyeing the various shabby local shops inhibiting the street. \"The localism here is absurdly high. Did you know that those guys who hang out at the Zephyr shop called me 'kook' for the first week? I really hate it here, Stace.\" Stacy eyes me with concern. \"Well, it's Dogtown. I think you'll learn to love it eventually--\" I scoff. After a pause of silence, Stacy turns toward me with a new excitement, apparently having been hit with an epiphany. \"Hey, if it bothers you so much, I can teach you how to surf!\" I laugh in incredulity. \"Me? No. You've got the wrong girl. Do I look like someone who surfs?\" I was of course referring to my out-of-place appearance--ivory pale skin, a slender figure, and dark red hair cascading down my back; I looked like I lived anywhere BUT California. Stacy shrugs casually. \"It doesn't matter what you look like, anyone can do it. C'mon, you wouldn't get any more crap from the locals if you surfed the Cove. And I know for a fact that you want to be the one who wipes that smirk off Tony's face.\" That last statement alone was able to persuade me. -- After the miserable day of school ended, I walked down to Venice's local beach, where Stacy had asked me to meet him. Unlike the Cove, the beach was allowed to locals and non-locals alike. And on top of that, it was much less dangerous. To pass time, I begin to trudge along the rocky shores, carefully dodging the jagged pebbles that littered the beach. A warm Californian breeze swept across my face. I stare out at the ocean, basking in how beautiful it was. Finally, in the distance I see Stacy's outline riding up on a bicycle down to the boulder that I sat on. \"Sorry it took me so long--had to stop by the house to pick up your bathing suite, then had to go down to Skip's shop to get a board and wetsuit. I hope I got the right size,\" he held up a black and red wetsuit. I nodded, saying it looked appropriate for my body size. \"Thanks,\" I grab the suite and find a tree to get undressed behind, too impatient to walk half a mile to find a bathroom. I strip down to my skin, throwing my clothes behind a bank of sand, and then emerged to dip my biggest toe into the icy water, where tiny ripples quickly erupted then disappeared. Goosebumps run up and down my spine at the chilliness of the salty ocean. Meanwhile, Stacy had already dove head first into the cold, cruel ocean and was beckoning me to come into the water. Pretending to be braver than I was, I plunge in after Stacy. Blue eyes flutter open beneath the water's surface. All that meets my eyesight at first was a threatening blackness - panicking, I instinctively thought that I was deeper in the water than I wanted to be. I wildly kick my legs and rise to the surface. When I broke, I look around to see that I'm only ten feet away from the shore. There are seagulls circling the clothes that lay undisturbed in the sand. I let myself have a brief, shaky chuckle before treading the water. Stacy pushes his surfboard in my face and tells me to sit on it. I follow his directions, struggling a little to climb onto the board without it slipping away. Today was going to be a tough day. Yet another ocean wave surges past our shivering bodies and Stacy begins bellowing criticisms at me for having missed the opportunity. \"What the heck was that? You didn't even paddle! You're not gonna get any momentum that way...\" I take a sulky second of rest, gulping in some of the ocean's dirty water. Needless to say, surfing had turned out to be way more challenging than what I had perceived it to be. I had an idea that it would just be standing on top of a piece of foam. \"Hurry up, before you miss this one!\" he shouts, pointing at the next wave rearing up behind us. I throw my aching arms forward n order to accelerate myself through the chilling water. Stacy is floating off to the side on top of another board he borrowed, and yelling instructions at me over the loud crashing waves. My stomach churns in uneasiness as I remember the hot dog I had for lunch earlier today, feeling like the nonstop movement of the ocean was going to make me hurl. \"Hurry, or you'll miss it!\" \"I'm TRYING!\" I snap. \"Okay - stand on your board now!\" For the umpteenth time today, I make an attempt to stand up properly on the board without losing balance. I grip my feet the board and slowly push myself upward as a tiny wave begins to push me along the water. Because it's one of the smallest waves of the day, I am finally able to keep standing for the first time. For a good fifteen seconds, I'm balanced on top of the board as it floats along the water. \"YEAH! Good, Eden!\" Stacy congratulates me for my first victory of the day. \"But, just as a warning, that was a baby wave. Next time, when your doing a bigger one, you're gonna have to get closer to the wave and lean forward into the wave so it can push you. Do you get me?\" I nod, pretending to know what he was talking about. Wasn't that just what I was doing? \"Ready, Eden?\" I pull myself on top of the board and paddle like mad when I see another wave rising. This one is bigger, Stacy's words ring in my ears. When the wave touches my feet, I tilt the board sideways while simultaneously pulling myself into a surf stance on the board. I lean forward, and to my great surprise, I don't lose my balance; the water shoves me forward into momentum. I was surfing! \"Let's go, Sid, this place is a dump!\" slurs Skip at the brown-haired kid who's picking up a broom. Sid waves at Stacy as he enters the shop with me in tow. Skip raises his eyebrows in surprise when he sees me, soaked in water and carrying a red board. \"So you're the one who stole my board,\" he chides after taking a drag out of his cigarette. \"Yeah, Skip,\" says Stacy, sounding sorry. \"We needed an extra one to teach her. I promise we would've paid for it had it broke,\" he says quickly. I walk up to the counter and hand Skip the board for him to take. \"Yeah, well,\" says Skip distractedly, eyeing the cluttered shop for a space to put the surfboard, \"it's not like I can call the cops on you, when your smart enough to know what goes on in the back room, right? Aha!\" He finds a wall to set it against. Stacy approaches Sid and begins telling him about his surf session with me today. Sid is the Z-boy who treats me with the most decency, but that was because he didn't have a mean bone in him. However, that didn't stop him from the occasional joke toward me, which I knew were all in good fun. \"So you finally rode the wave, huh?\" coughs Skip, waving a large cloud of smoke out of his face. \"Yeah,\" I say while slowly inching away from the smoke that threatened to intoxicate my lungs. \"You know, smoking drives some customers to leave a business, uh, Mr Engblom.\" He snickers at my usage of 'Mr Engblom' and says, \"It's Skip, kiddo. And you're, uh, Erin, right?\" \"It's Eden,\" I tell him distastefully. \"Right, Eden. Do your uncle Skip a favor and tell your step-bro that if he 'burrows' a board again, I'll personally kick his grommet ass.\" \"Well, how much are they?\" I ask, trying to remember how much change I had saved in my secret stash at home. Skip suddenly seems more interested in me, a potential customer, and leans forward on his counter to tell me, \"Twenty to thirty dollars. Twenty five for the one you just used.\" I don't hear the last part, seeing several skaters halt outside of the shop and pile in all at once. At the sight of Tony, I grab Stacy by the shoulder and drag him away from the conversation he was holding with Sid. \"Time to make like a tree, Peralta.\" \"Bye Sid! Oh hey, guys,\" Stacy greets cheerily. \"Dude, you missed this gnarly wheelie that Jay-boy pulled off!\" One of the guys I was less familiar with slowed Stacy down in his path toward the door. I glance to see Tony eying me warily, noticing the ocean water that was dripping from my hair. \"I said, let's go!\" I grab Stacy again and forcefully pull him through his crowd of friends and out the door. There was no way I was spending more time than necessary with them.[Chapter 3] Dogtown: Recipe for a Blackhole Chapter 3. Through the Small Tall Bathroom Window Over the next two weeks, Stacy continued to guide me in learning how to surf. According to him, I was showing improvement everyday, but I couldn't trust Stacy because sometimes he was too nice and considerate to tell the truth. Every day Stacy taught me new things, like how to arch my back, what the wetsuit was for (other than to get wet in), making sure that my body is aligned with the center of the board, who Larry Bertleman was, and how to time myself when troubleshooting. My mom didn't exactly approve of surfing because the sport is considered \"antisocial\", but she was glad that me and Stacy found something to bond over. Legally, Stacy and I had became step-siblings a month ago when our parents had wedded. But we hadn't grown close to each other until recently. Surfing had closed this huge, awkward gap that had been between us; before, we had been strangers, roommates living together in the same house. This closed gap was apparent when one night, he knocked on my bedroom door and walked in. I sit up from my lazy position on the bed, where an Algebra textbook was strewn across my lap. Stacy finds a stool to sit on too. \"I think you're ready,\" he says with a serious expression on his face. My eyebrows arch and I smile, \"Okay, fine. Ready for what?\" \"To surf the Cove.\" My muscles suddenly tense. I had been waiting for his approval to surf the Cove, I just hadn't expected it so soon. \"Are you sure, Stace?\" He nods. \"You've gotten really good, Ed. Better than me, in some ways.\" I shake my head in disbelief. \"I think you're completely prepared. At least, more prepared than I was when I first surfed the Cove.\" \"You were an eleven year old twig--in what way were you supposed to be prepared?\" He shrugs with a smile tugging at his lips. \"So tomorrow morning, I'm gonna wake you up at about five. Then we're gonna go out through the bathroom window. Is that okay with you?\" \"Why do we have to sneak out?\" Stacy sighs. \"Because, my dad. A few days ago he found out that I've missed first and second period for a week now because of surfing. He doesn't want me going in the morning anymore.\" \"Sucks for you.\" \"I can tell your broken over it.\" - It's disgusting, just how early Stacy wakes up to surf. As promised, Stacy shakes me awake in my bed, where my Algebra textbook stumbles off the bed. I barely manage to glare at Stacy through my half closed sleepy eyes. He waves his surfboard in front of my face to remind me of our conviction to surf. Within minutes, I'm dressed and walking to the bathroom. Stacy has already climbed through it and was at the side of the house, picking up a bicycle. I look through the narrow, but tall bathroom window next to the toilet. I've never had to climb through a bathroom window before, and somehow it makes me feel dirty. Stacy whistles for my attention, and gestures for me to climb down. First I stick one leg out the window, followed by another leg. The fall is clumsily pulled off. Stacy offers his hand to me, which I take. I ride Stacy's bicycle to P.O.P, while he uses his skateboard. We don't bother with light conversation because he knows that I don't feel like talking right now; my nerves are eating at me. The knot in my stomach grows bigger as we come closer to Ocean Park. When we arrive at the scene, there aren't as many people as last time. I see Jay picking up discarded trash littered across the bank and in the distance there is a head of untamed, sun-bleached hair in the boneyard, catching the lost surfboards. Stacy approaches Chino for direction in the kind of jobs we're getting; Chino, probably the scariest local I've met, dictates that we're to \"keep it local\" in the parking lot. This is what I had dreaded; this meant that if any Vals did come along, me and Stacy would have to resort to illegal means to render them off. I know from personal experience, because the first day I went to P.O.P. the guys had mistaken me as a Val. Stacy heads to the parking lot, with me in tow, and falls onto the couch. I realize just how tired he is, because he had chores and homework to do last night. He wasn't naturally talented in school as he was with surfing. A couple of minutes later, he begins dosing on the couch, but I'm too heartless to wake him up or to tell Chino. I freeze at the sound of a new car pulling into the parking lot. I whip around to see a trio of shirtless men climb out of the car; there's no doubt about it that they're Vals. I'm not sure whether to wake up Stacy, tell them to leave, or just scream to Skip that Vals are here. It's my job to get rid of them, what am I supposed to do? One of the younger guys, about nineteen years old, winks at me as he passes by. \"Going surfing, little lady?\" I glare at him in contempt. \"This is a locals-only spot,\" I bluntly tell them. They stop walking to look at me like I was an alien from Mars. \"What?\" \"I said, locals only,\" I say, crossing my arms in impatience. \"You need to surf somewhere else.\" The last guy whose unpacking slams his car trunk shut. \"And who the hell are you?\" \"I'm the girl whose telling you to get the hell outta here,\" I snap, rolling my eyes. \"Either you leave, or you deal with them.\" I say, pointing at the guys in the ocean. I catch a glimpse of Wenztle shouting, \"VALS are here, guys!\" at the surfers. Evidently, more heads turn my way, making me uneasy. If I didn't make the Vals leave now, I'd look bad. To my dread, the Vals guffaw in my face and walk past me. Great, now I looked like an idiot to the Vals and to the locals. Suddenly, an idea comes to save my ass. I notice a pair of keys hanging from the dashboard in the Valley car. Skip and his cronies from the shop are already heard in the background, telling the Vals to fuck off. The three men ignore them, ready to fall into water. Now is my chance to take action: I slide into the Val driver's seat and use the dangling car keys to start the ignition. I back out of the parking space. One of the roaming Z-boys in the parking lot stops to stare at me in shock, and then runs over to Stacy to wake him for the show. I honk the horn for a 6 second spree to catch the guys' attention. I roll down the window to hear. \"Shit, THAT'S MY CAR!\" I rejoice to hear everyone down at the beach laughing their asses off. I put the stick shift to 'Drive' and screech forward out of the parking lot, into the middle of the highway. I halt the car in 'Park' and climb out of the driver's seat. On my way back to the parking lot, the three guys are glaring and yelling insults at me. \"What's your problem, bitch?\" \"I said locals only, asshole,\" I jeer back, and jog back down to the pier. The Z-boy, Wenztle I think is his name, is laughing nonstop, and Stacy simply gapes at me. \"What?\" \"Where'd you learn how to drive?\" \"My dad taught me,\" I relay. I hear a wolf-whistle and turn toward the bank: Skip waves us down. When I arrive, a lot of guys playfully shove my shoulders in their own congratulatory way. \"Nice job, Erica.\" \"Eden,\" Skip was the one who corrected them. \"Alright, you earned it. Go out there and surf, wahine. Yeah, you too, T.A.\" I freeze in my tracks. 'T.A.' was Tony Alva's nickname around here, as was 'Mad Dog' when he got angry. \"Here,\" says Stacy quietly, handing me his surfboard. \"Don't worry about breaking it. I've broken a billion boards out here before. Just relax.\" I zip up wet-suit and hug Stacy for good luck before charging into the ocean water. I hear another behind me, which I know is Tony. With each nervous stroke, I hit the water with my hands cupped and my elbows bent while reaching onward. The movement became fluid, and somehow relaxing for me, to calm my nerves. When a powerful breaking wave comes, I do a duck-dive by pushing the nose of my board underwater and swimming forward. We both stopped far enough out sea and an awkward silence fell over us for the first time. What was I supposed to say to him? Hell would freeze over before a normal conversation would come between us. And I didn't feel like bickering, out of fear that he may tear down my confidence right before I take on a wave. The first wave breaks... I sit up straighter and begin to paddle, however, out of the corner of my eye, I see Tony's muscles tense as he leans forward. As the wave comes, I hold back so there aren't any fights. To my surprise, though, Tony didn't take the wave. I look at him for an explanation. He was equally glaring at me as if expecting me to go. \"I thought you were taking the wave,\" he snaps. \"Yeah, so did I,\" I reply flatly. Off in the distance, the guys are booing that none of us went for the wave, \"Perfectly nice wave wasted, man! C'mon, ya pussies!\" I brace myself for the next wave that breaks. Droning out all the noise in my head, I prepare to launch myself onto the wave; however, I didn't count on Tony Alva doing the exact same thing at the same time as me. \"I got it! I got it!\" I shout at him, still moving forward. \"No way, dude, I've got the perfect position - MOVE!\" There was no way I was able to turn back on the wave at the rate I was going, so I kept swimming forward, and popped up on the board. There was a small hope running inside me that Tony would back down to my aggression... I was wrong. It was dangerous to be riding a wave at the same time, which is why the locals wouldn't let non-locals swim at the Cove. Both of our surfboards eventually collided into one another at the climax of the wave; we got sucked under the rush of the water. I emerge from underneath the surface and gasp for air. Tony comes up shortly behind me, and the yelling match begins. \"What the hell is your problem? I told you, I had it! \"Don't talk down to me, puto. Fucking kook trying to snake me.\" \"Asshole!\" \"Dude, why is your sister such a bitch? I could've had that wave!\" Tony, Stacy and Jay sat at the back of Montoya's truck, enjoying the ride. What they didn't know that the window dividing them between the front seat, which was where Montoya and I sat, was paper thin so I could hear nearly everything they said about me. \"Yeah, well,\" says Stacy timidly, \"she doesn't take anything while lying down. She's not someone you want to piss of, T.A.\" \"Yeah? Neither am I. I'm not gonna let some little girl take my spot.\" \"You're just pissed 'cause she snaked you,\" smirked Jay, who was jiggling with Montoya's things in the back. \"Dude, you gotta sneak one of your step-sister's bikini tops when she's not looking.\" \"Why?\" \"So I can suck on them!\" \"Dude, no, ew!\" I roll my eyes, not only at Jay's immaturity but at the excessive use of the word 'dude'. Don't they have anything else to call each other? \"Bro, did you see that Bertlemen thrust Skip did?\" Of course--how could I have forgotten 'bro'? I lean back in my seat uncomfortably. Montoya gives me a slight smirk and says, \"It's always toughest the first day, Red.\" \"The surfing was okay, it's those guys I'm getting sick of.\" \"You ripped today!\" says Stacy encouragingly, as Montoya's truck pulls out of our driveway. \"Seriously, I mean besides the first wave, you blew everybody away.\" Ignoring Stacy, I walk into the house and head straight to my bedroom without another look back. On the way through the hallway, I see my mom rummaging through a basket of clothes for some article of clothing. Her head snaps up when I enter the hallway. \"Eden. You went to school, right?\" I blink. Didn't she trust me? \"Yeah, mom, like how I go to school everyday. Why?\" \"I'm just making sure. What with you running around with Stacy, you know that crowd he runs with. Listen, I have something important to tell you.\" She sets down the clothes of basket and looks at me with exhausted, worn eyes. \"Your step-father got laid off today.\" \"What?\" I ask in shock. \"Why? What for?\" \"He came into work late for the fourth time in two weeks and he was... a little buzzed.\" My jaw falls open. \"He came to work drunk ?\" My mom winced at the harshness of my tone. \"Mom, just what kind of guy did you marry?\" \"Oh, hush! Don't talk like that, Eden--\" \"Dad would have never come drinking, or late,\" I tell her snidely. The facial expression on my mom's face darkens considerably. \"True, your father was a working man. Too much of one, in fact. He spent more time at work than he did with you.\" \"Better that he brings the bacon home than nothing at all,\" I quip. \"Look, I'm not arguing with you. I need you and Stacy to be looking out for some part time jobs.\" I place a hand on my hip and look at her defiance. She stands her ground though. \"You're ridiculous! You want me to get a job just because your own lazy husband can't pay the rent!\" \"SHH!\" She threw a conspiratory glance down the stairway, afraid that Aaron would overhear my rant. \"It's not like that. He'll be back on his feet again in no time. Meanwhile, you and Stacy will be earning some extra cash on the side.\" The woman then sighs again, her stern expression softening. She gets closer and places her manicured hand on my shoulder. \"I'm sorry it's like this, Eden, but that's just how it is. Everything will be fine in a couple of weeks, I promise.\" I shake my head in shame and pull her hand off of my shoulder. \"Whatever. But at least half of my paycheck is going to buying my own ride.\" She snorts in disbelief. \"Yeah, like you'd be able to afford one on a five dollar an hour salary.\" Another voice interrupted our conversation. \"Afford what on five dollar salary?\" We turned around to see it was Stacy climbing up the stairs. \"A car.\" He grins, \"You know, I was just thinking of getting one of those, since I'm turning sixteen in a few months.\" I throw my mom a smug look, before saying, \"Great, then we can both work for the car and pay for it together.\" \"Yeah, if I had a job,\" says Stacy wistfully. I give my mom yet another look, and walk to my room to leave her to explain the situation to Stacy. \"Registration forms?\" I ask the lady at the counter. The woman in her late thirties with a wild 60s hairdo looks at me in slight disdain and surprise. \"I'm here to apply for a job here.\" \"Honey, how old are you?\" \"Sixteen,\" I lie. It was only a year off. \"And I'll be turning seventeen in a little bit.\" The woman rolls her eyes and reaches behind the counter to reach a piece of orange paper. She hands it over to me with great reluctance, along with a crappy half-sized pencil without an eraser. Name: Eden Jean Verbeck/Peralta Address: 9069 Coulter Blvd Venice, CA, 90291 336-8669 Position applied for: Waitress Salary desired: 6 dollars an hour[Chapter 4] AN: Thank you to my lovely reviewers, you guys are awesome. I'm sorry if I haven't responded to each one of you individually, but I have this policy where I only respond to the ones with questions, feedback, or interesting observations. Sorry, but if all you've got is \"great job!\" then I won't respond. But I do appreciate all reviews, don't get me wrong. Remember, constructive criticism is welcome, and your thoughts on my fic is encouraged! Hope you enjoy my next installment Chapter 4. Don't Own a Car, Dude Stacy wakes me up before the crack of dawn again. He seems to be doing that a lot lately. I swat my fist at him in an attempt to get him to leave me alone, but I can't reach him from beneath my bedsheets. He really needs to understand the concept of sleep. After pulling on my red converses and an Iggy Pop t-shirt, I meet Stacy at the base of the stairs. \"I just realized that my bike has a flat,\" he says before I can even catch my breath. \"It's gonna take us just a little longer to get to Ocean Park. Unless,\" he adds with a edge of uncertainty, \"you want to try skateboarding.\" I raise my eyebrows at him in question. \"You think I'd be able to skateboard?\" He cleared his throat, \"Well, it's not as hard once you can surf. The only difference is the ground isn't moving, and you have to watch out for rocks and pellets and stuff.\" \"Jesus, Stace, can't you just get a car already?\" He snorts in disbelief. \"Yeah, I wish. Nobody owns a car here, dude.\" I roll my eyes, suppressing the urge to yell at him for calling me 'dude'. It had to have been a slip up, anyway. \"Fine, I'll try it,\" I tell him. \" But if I can't get the hang of it, then we're walking.\" He nods and tosses me one of her older skateboards that didn't work as well as his new one. I examine the chipped wood and the clay wheels attached at the bottom. I've seen Jay Adams ride barefoot on these kind of boards, which was insane. Stacy and I head out the house once we grab our backpacks. This time we don't have to sneak out because Aaron has already forgotten about his regulation against surfing in the morning. The man in question was inside the bathroom, shaving his beard in preparation for the job interview he was going to. Stacy immediately takes off down the street on his skateboard. I gently set the used one on the pavement and place my feet firmly on top. Soon, I'm gliding down the street on top of the skateboard. Stacy was right, it was relatively easy if you knew how to surf. However, these thoughts of ease quickly evaporate; one of the clay wheels slides over a tiny pebble on the street and the board skids out of place. I fall, almost face first, on the street. \"Are you alright?\" I hear Stacy ask me concernedly in the background. \"Remember what I said about those rocks.\" I pick myself up, ignoring his offered hand. \"I'm fine,\" I tell him moodily, grabbing my discarded backpack from the ground and dusting it off. The rest of the ride over, I'm able to keep my balance without falling again. But there were some near instances of my tripping. I can't roll as fast as Stacy, so we go at a slower rate for my benefit. When we arrive near Ocean Park, I stop riding. I didn't want any of Stacy's friends to find out that I had skateboarded to P.O.P.. For some ambiguous reason, I would find it embarrassing if they saw me. It's probably because they're all much better skaters than I am. Unlike yesterday, this time I hadn't received odd stares from the locals for being at the Cove. Instead, I was briefly greeted by Stacy and some of Stacy's friends. Shogo, an asian boy who barely spoke English, smiled and waved at me. \"Shogo,\" I greeted. He was in my Advanced Algebra class, and I was lucky enough to get a desk right behind him; he was really sharp with math so he usually answered faster than most students. I like Shogo because he's a little on the shy side, which makes him less volatile than the other Z-boys, like Stacy. \"Peralta!\" A force suddenly pushes me forward from behind and I nearly crash into a piling of wood. I angrily snap my head back, ready to yell at whoever had shoved me. But when I see that it's Jay with an amused smirk on his face, my anger suddenly vanishes. It was more of a gesture of playfulness than mean-spiritedness. That was how Jay was; he communicated through physical affection and facial expressions rather than verbal indications. \"You gonna charge today?\" \"It's why I'm here, right?\" I reply. \"Except... crap, Stacy, I forgot my wet-suit.\" Stacy fades away from his conversation with Tony and stares at me. \"Are you wearing a bathing suit underneath?\" \"Yes. But the water is frickin' cold. There's no way I'm swimming in it at this time of day. I'd rather wait until the waves turn warmer.\" \"You can borrow mine,\" interjects Jay. \"Skip keeps my spare stuff in his truck. I think you could fit in it--your only four inches under my height.\" \"Really?\" I ask, taken aback my Jay's sudden consideration. \"Okay, problem solved.\" I shrug at Stacy and head toward Skip's truck. Jay's audible footsteps indicate that he was following behind me. Jay does an energetic leap onto the vehicle and sifts through Skip's surfboards to pull up a tattered backpack. Instead of reaching in, he opts to dump out all the contents onto the bed. Out falls two blocks of surf wax, a broken clay wheel splintered in half, some wrinkled dollar bills, a Zeppelin t-shirt and a wadded up rubber wet suit. He unfolds the wet suit and hands it to me. \"Nice collection you've got there,\" I say with my eyebrows raised. \"Where am I going to get undressed though?\" Jay grabs one of Skip's surfboards and jumps off back again. He holds up the board to indicate him covering me between the board and the truck. I snort at the idea, but eventually accept that it's my only option. I point an accusatory finger at Jay and snarl, \"Jay Adams, if you peek at me--\" \"Yeah, yeah, you'll kick my skate-punk ass,\" he rolls his eyes with impatience. \"I know. Besides, it doesn't matter, I've seen it before.\" He throws me a filthy grin when my jaw drops in shock. \"Have not!\" \"Have too,\" he says without missing a beat. \"Remember last month, me, Sid, and T.A. were over your house? You had just come out of the shower and the towel slipped a little--but you didn't know we were watching.\" I can feel my face burning up in embarrassment. Instead of replying, I simply tug the surfboard upward to cover myself and begin unstripping my clothes for the wet-suit. To my relief, Jay isn't trying to sneak a peak at me, as promised. When I finish, Jay tosses the board back in the truck and begins literally skipping back toward the beach. I laugh at his mock playfulness. Sometimes I really did like Jay. He was 100 percent Z-boy, which subtracted brownie points, but he cracked me up a lot. Unlike Tony, who took himself much too seriously. All the Z-boys had large egos, but Tony Alva's ego was bigger than all of theirs combined. At least Jay had a smidgen of modesty, if not much. \"Ah, my favorite surfer chick!\" slurs Skip when I appear on the pier after Jay. \"Your only surfer chick,\" I remind him, staring around at the male-ridden beach. \"Now will you let me surf already? Or do I have to clean up this toxic wasteland again?\" \"Somebody's touchy this morning,\" Skip teased while taking a long drag out of his blunt. \"Don't you know, dude?\" Tony suddenly butted in, not one to miss an opportunity. \"PMS. Girls have it.\" My scowl at the Mexican goes unnoticed. Skip must have been in a good mood, because he lets all the \"grommets\" surf today without cleaning up the pier. Jay is the first person ripping the ocean, followed by me, Tony and Stacy. I have a better handle of my surfboard than I had last time. Stacy, always being the optimist, once again notices my improvement and commends me. However, I'm not able to return the favor because when Stacy goes on his wave, he crashes and falls under. All of the woots and cliched \"ooh\"s are heard from the guys clustered on the beach. Stacy eventually pops out from the water with that famous rosy blush of his. Within the last few days I learned that Stacy wasn't the best surfer in the world. He was average at the most. The best ones in the area were Jay, Skip and a few of the older locals. After I get done with my wave, I sit on a rock that was intentionally distanced from the other people. However, nobody apparently gets my message, because Sid finds a spot right next to me, followed by Jay and Tony. Stacy decides to stay out in the ocean for another try, unsatisfied from his wipeout performance last time. I decide he'll be out there for awhile because the Cove's waves are beginning to die down as the sun rises. \"What are you doing here, Baby Sid?\" asked Tony jokingly. \"Shouldn't be at Skip's shop, being a dillhole like always?\" Sid gives Tony a shove in the arm and shrugs. \"I just haven't been to the ocean for a while, you know?\" \"Why don't you surf, Sid?\" I ask, genuinely curious. \"Oh, I've got this equilibrium problem with my ear. The doctor says loud noises make me woozy or unbalanced. So, you can imagine, if I'd actually went out there the waves noise would probably make me faint.\" I smile apologetically and nod in understanding. \"So, uh, Eden?\" asks Sid, undoubtedly confident that he had managed to keep a conversation with me without pestering me. \"What are you gonna get Stacy for his sixteenth birthday?\" My back stiffens as the new news that it was Stacy's birthday sets in on me. The guys look at me, expectant facial expressions, but all I can give them is a look of perplexity. \"I... didn't know it was Stacy's birthday,\" I admit quietly. \"Oh, man, he forgot to tell you!\" shouts Sid, amused at the situation. \"Is it today?\" Jay shakes his head. \"No, next week, on Sunday. We were kinda hoping that you'd have something, like, planned because we've got nothing.\" I give Jay a look of incredulity. \"Well, why were you guys relying on me for it? Why couldn't you guys plan something yourselves?\" Sid shrugs with a slyness. \"You're a little more dependable than us. I mean, Stacy has had some pretty shitty birthdays--ones that we've simply forgotten about. A few that his own parents forgot about.\" My stomach tightens at the revelation that his own parents forgot his birthday. \"We figured you'd have some ingenious plan because you're smart like that.\" I flush in embarrassed flattery. I look at Jay and Tony to confirm if they shared the same sentiments as Sid. Jay wasn't even paying attention though, choosing instead to stare out at the ocean in contemplation of whatever the hell went through his head. I wasn't sure if Tony was tuned into the conversation; he was currently using his fingers to trace human anatomy drawings into the sand. He seemed engrossed by it, perhaps too engrossed, as though he was pretending not to listen. \"Okay,\" I tell Sid in a faux voice of defeat. \"I'll try to whip something up. Maybe everyone can pretend that they forgot again and then throw him a surprise party.\" \"Not bad,\" smirked Sid. \"And he'd totally buy it too--I think he's actually expecting us to forget.\" \"Honey, I'm home!\" I shout when I walk through the door. Instead a warm welcome, all I hear is, \"Oh no, you're dripping onto the carpet!\" My mom drops the quilt she was knitting, tells me to stay where I am, and darts up the stairs to retrieve a towel from the dryer. When she returns, I take the towel and run it over my shoulders. \"Where's your step-brother?\" \"Out job-hunting again,\" I say while kicking off my red converses. \"Aaron has been nagging him a lot lately. Ever since I stole his job at the Venice Noodle Company.\" At the mention of the diner, a bright smile flits onto my mom's face. \"Oh, hon, speaking of which, I got a phone call from that restaurant this morning. They want you to come in for a training session!\" I interrupt her mid-squeal to stupidly ask, \"Does that mean I'm hired?\" \"More like on probation,\" she said with a seriousness. \"Basically, they'll be testing and training you and a couple others to see who gets the job.\" \"You mean I have competition?\" My whiny voice betrays my obvious disappointment. \"Oh yippie. I collapse onto the couch, careless about being yelled at for getting the couch wet. But my mom doesn't seem to care or notice, because she simply walks out the room, telling me when the session is and what time I'll have to be there. Monday, 5 o'clock. I join her in the kitchen as she starts preparing a sandwich. I pour myself a glass of orange juice and sit at the stool parked in the counter. \"How's Aaron with his new job?\" I ask conversationally. \"Fine, except his boss doesn't like him too well. It was a mutual loathing from the beginning, so don't get any ideas that it was Aaron's fault.\" \"Are you guys out of debt yet?\" \"Almost there, we'll be fine by the next time Aaron's second check rolls around. Aaron's brother, Rob, has offered to help us out. Even offered to sell his old junk car and give the profits to his brother. Nice of him, huh?\" I mull over this new piece of information while slowly savoring the orangey, tangy flavor swishing in my mouth. \"What kind of car? Does it still work?\" I ask in nonchalance. \"It's a Le Baron. And I hope for our sake, it works. No one's going to buy a car that doesn't run.\" Mom finished packaging the sandwich on her plate and pushed it over to me. I smile in thanks and bite into the ham sandwich. Mom still babied me sometimes, even if I was mature enough to do nearly everything by myself. I didn't mind it because I preferred the security and warmth. \"Unfortunately,\" sighs Mom, \"the car is a piece of junk. Even if it did run, I doubt anybody but a desperate new teen driver will be interested.\" My eyebrows shot up above my hairline as an idea struck me. \"What happens to the car if nobody buys?\" \"He'll probably end up giving it away to a junk yard.\" I smirk. \"Well, I've got a better alternative, mom. Why don't you give it to Stacy for his sixteenth birthday?\" I saw the lines of her face freeze in sudden realization. \"Stacy's birth... Oh my god, Stacy's birthday!\" She clapped her hands to her mouth in shock. \"It's not today, is it?! Oh god, and Aaron said we couldn't forget--that he'd be heartbroken!\" \"Relax, mom!\" I shout, placing a hand on her hyperventilating shoulder. \"Look, it's next week! Don't have a heart attack. Anyway, me and the guys were planning on throwing a surprise party. And it would only seal the deal of the sweetest sixteen if Rob gave the Le Baron to Stacy.\" Mom looks at me, surprised that her daughter was so wonderfully responsible and considerate. \"That would seal the deal,\" she agreed, slowly letting her hands fall from her mouth. \"Ooh! I've got to call Rob and tell him not to sell the car.\" She dashes across the room to pick up the receiver off the wall and dials a set of digits. \"A surprise party, huh?\" she asks while waiting for the other phone to pick up. \"That would be a great idea. Oh, I've got to call Aaron after this.\"[Chapter 5] AN: This is where the story is twisting around. I'm adding another OC. Eden is still the main character, but I wanted another girl thrown into the mix because there are too many boys! I was gonna make Peggy or Kathy be the best friend, but that just didn't work here. So, introducing Lily. If you hate her or whatever, tell me and I might cut her. I still haven't decided though. I'm submitting a lot of first draft chapters here, so forgive me if the writing is poor. I just want to finish this thing, I might actually finish my first fic. And once I do get done, I figure that's when I do the rewrites. So mostly you'll see dialogue and action sequences, and very little narration. If you want more narration, I'll of course comply and revise the chapters. Sorry that it's short. I'll try making the next one longer. Chapter 5. Lily Ronna, the same woman from the Venice Noodle Company with the wild 60s hairdo, takes a drag from her cigarette and blows the ring right in my face. \"Since the other two idiots failed to show up,\" growls Ronna, \"it looks like it will come down to you two.\" I glance at the girl who I was competing with for the job. She was very pretty, with dark brown hair running down her back and hazel blue eyes. She was shorter than me by a centimeter, and had a friendly, warm smile and face. I figure since the girl was Miss Personality, Ronna would hire her instead of me. \"Say you've got the job,\" says Ronna, suddenly turning toward the girl. \"Your chores are to sweep the back room, clean the cash register, swipe the counter, and refill the napkin retainers. Now repeat what I just said.\" The brunette stares at her in confusion. \"Do I actually have to do those things? Is this a test?\" \"No, hon, repeat everything I told you back to me. This is to see if you're listening skills are sharp.\" \"Oh, right.\" The girl flusters, having already forgotten most of what Ronna had said. \"Right. Swipe the counter, clean the register, uh, sweep the room... uh...\" \"Napkin retainers,\" Ronna finishes her sentence. \"Refill the napkin retainers. Run it over again.\" I stifle a sigh. Was this really what the work force was like? Prolonged suffering? The girl, I think her name starts with an L or something, tries again. \"Fill the napkin retainers, swipe the register, sweep the back room--\" \"Clean the register, and swipe the counter.\" Ronna now had a look of annoyance etched on her face. L begins panicking at her failure, and begins stuttering the rest of the way. \"Um, sweep the counters--no, the back room, clean the register, uhm, the napkin retainers...\" Having given up on L, Ronna looks over at me. Before she can let a snide mark slide out of her lips, I say, \"Sweep back room, clean register, swipe counter, refill napkin retainers. Anything else?\" \"Yeah,\" says Ronna, taken aback at how well I did, \"don't be a smart alec with me. I've got a ten-hour shift and I don't wanna deal with teenage snots who want an extra buck to pay for their beer and condoms.\" I bite my tongue, squirming at her insulting tone. Beer and condoms? \"Now, I'm gonna get a word in with Phil, and once I come back out I'll tell ya who's hired for the job.\" Ronna walks through the slide door, leaving L and me in private. L collapses on a nearby chair and looks at me through her stress. \"Well, congratulations, because I royally screwed up my test.\" I felt a smidgen of sympathy for her. \"If it's any consolation, I'll probably be fired by the end of the week,\" I tell her. She smirks up at me in question. Her smile is pure and sweet, like she was still a little girl. \"I'll most likely bomb in front of the customers,\" I further explain. \"I don't respond to well toward people.\" She sighs. \"I don't know why I even came. It's not like anybody would want to hire me.\" \"Then why did you come?\" I found myself asking. I, for some reason, wanted to get to know her better. She just seemed like a amiable person. And not the type of outgoing, loud-mouthed girl whose popular at school. She had a pureness and sincerity about her that I liked. \"Oh. To pay for a camera. My parents already bought me one for my twelfth birthday, but that one broke several weeks ago. I was hoping to raise money to buy a new one. I can't go too long without photography, you know?\" \"Where do you develop your film?\" I ask to keep the conversation going. \"I have a dark room at the house, but I haven't been able to use it lately. My red light-bulb is out.\" I gape in astonishment. \"You have your own dark room?! Your parents must be rich,\" slips out of my mouth. She blushes, and shrugs in modesty. \"Sure, I guess.\" \"This camera of yours, how badly broken is it?\" \"I don't know,\" she says, happy to leave the subject of her rich parents. \"I accidently dropped in and some pieces fell off. I don't know of any local repair shops so I just figured I should get a new one.\" \"Actually, I know of this guy. His name is Craig Stecyk. He's a local photographer who knows a ton about camera mechanics. He can probably hook you up to someone who knows how to fix cameras, maybe even do it himself.\" Indeed, Stecyk was one of Skip's pals who always hung out at the shop. He was a little eccentric, claiming that what Skip and the guys did was \"an art form.\" He always had a camera around his neck, and often snapped shots of the Z-boys whenever they were in the middle of a impressive skate maneuver. She blinks in surprise and smiles that sweet smile again. \"Really? That would be really cool of you! I mean, if you really would like to help me out. Um, my name is Lily, by the way.\" She holds out her hand for me to shake. \"Eden,\" I say, repaying the gesture. \"I can give you my number. Call me up and we can arrange everything in a few days.\" \"Thanks a bunch,\" she says in gratitude. \"I mean, it's so nice of you to offer me help even though we just met and everything. I mean to say, the people here, from who I've met so far, they're not the friendliest bunch, you know?\" \"God, how I know.\" \"Phone, Eden!\" I race down the staircase of our house and into the kitchen, where I pick up the receiver. However, my mom snatches the phone out of my grasp and holds it to her shoulder. \"Who is it?\" \"A friend, probably. Not a boy, obviously. Can I have a social life now, or would you like to deprive me of that too?\" \"How did Venice Noodle Company go?\" \"She gave me the job,\" I tell her, outstretching my hand for the phone again. \"My first paycheck comes this Wednesday. I work everyday after school from four thirty to nine.\" I snatch the phone from mom and shoo her out of the kitchen. \"Hi Lily.\" \"Hey!\" her enthusiastic voice from the other side responds. \"So did you talk to the guy yet?\" \"Yes. Stecyk says he's willing to take a look at it. Are you doing anything tomorrow?\" \"Well, it's Sunday, so other than going to church in the morning... Yep, I'm free. Where are we meeting?\" \"Do you know where Bicknell hill is?\" I ask. There was a long pause, I sense she had no idea what I was talking about. \"Alright, I'll tell you the directions. First you go on Bailey Street--\" \"No, no, I know where it is... I just, I'm not sure if I'm allowed. I mean, my parents have told me some things about that area.\" \"Dogtown?\" I say amusedly. \"Yea, I guess that's what the local junkies call it. Isn't it kinda dangerous in that part of town?\" \"Without the daylight it is,\" I assure her. \"But don't worry, I'll be there to meet you, make sure you're okay. Hey, I'll even walk you home if you're feeling jittery.\" There was another pause of contemplation on her end of the phone. \"Okay, I'll get my parents to drop me off. So where on Bicknell hill?\" \"Who are you talking to?\" asks a voice aside me. Stacy is rummaging through the refrigerator, and ends up taking out a cartoon of orange juice. Instead of pouring a cup, he gulps it from the jug. \"Stacey, ew! I don't want backwash!\" \"Who's Stacy?\" asks Lily. \"My lame step-brother who needs to reevaluate his manners . Anyway, there's a shop on the street called Zephyr shop. It sells surfboards and skateboards. There'll probably be some boys hanging out at the front, but don't get intimidated by them. If they start harassing you, no big deal, just move on.\" \"Do you get harassed everyday by them?\" There was a frightened tone to Lily's voice. \"No! I mean, well, kinda , but it's not like that. I know those boys. They are my brother's friends.\" I pause for a moment, lingering on the fact that I had left out \"step\" in \"step-brother\" in a Freudian slip. Was I already thinking of Stacy as my real brother? \"Anyway, they won't always treat you like that if you got to know--\" \"Oh shit! Sorry, Eden, I gotta go, my parents are home,\" she says in a rushed voice. \"I'm not supposed to use the phone without their permission. I think I can get to the shop from what you tell me. Bye.\" \"Wait, what time?\" \"Noon. See ya.\" \"Bye--\" The phone hangs up before I finish the word. \"Who was that?\" I'm surprised to see Stacy still here, screwing the lid back onto the orange juice carton. \"A friend,\" I snap. \"Jesus, why is it so hard for people to believe that I can make friends here?\" Stacy raises his eyebrows at me. \"Anyway, her name is Lily. She's into photography, like Stecyk. I'm calling in a favor for her.\" \"Good for you,\" says Stacy while heading out the room. \"But if I were you, I'd get to the shop early, before she's left alone with the guys.\" \"Do you think I'm an idiot?\"[Chapter 6] Chapter 6. Shogo Plans to Rule the World A sales department - oh, how boring - wants to make a 12 percent profit on its product . Kill me now. If the cost of the product is 87 dollars, what will the selling price of the product have to be achieve the desired profit ? Wait, what? I read over the passage again, perplexed at what it was asking. \"You look like you're 'bout to spontaneous combust.\" Shogo is speaking. I've already learned his speech patterns and broken English grammar from all of the times I've asked him for help. I tear my tired eyes away from the textbook page. Shogo and some other skaters had just come back from skateboarding around town. It was an obsessive compulsion with them: If they weren't surfing, then they were skating. It was that simple. I, on the other hand, had to deal with school, work, which barely left me time to surf. Therefore I rarely skated, and I wasn't interested in doing so either. \"Don't you mean I look like I'm about to spontaneously combust?\" I correct Shogo. He shrugs it off and sets his skateboard down on the counter that I was sitting on top of. \"Check out my board, man, T.A. put some Dogtown art on it.\" I flip the board on its backside and see an intricately drawn cross, with the word 'Dog-town' spelled in graffiti. \"Gnarly, huh?\" He basks in how sweet his board looks. \"Hey do you want help with that?\" \"I don't think I should,\" I shake my head. \"I've already copied enough off of you. If I don't start doing my own work then I won't learn anything.\" Sid, apparently overhearing me from his position behind the counter, snorts at me. \"And they say I'm the dork around here? I don't compare to your standards.\" As Sid is walking by I reach over and shove his head. \"Alright, if you're sure,\" says Shogo. \"If you change your mind I'll out back, uh, with milk and cookies.\" Around here, milk and cookies was code for something illegal or disgraceful. I give Shogo a look of disappointment. \"You have so much potential,\" I tell him. \"Here you are just wasting it.\" \"I'm not wasting potential!\" he claims, with a smile on that made him like slightly high. \"I've plenty of plans for the future.\" \"Is that right? Like what?\" A blank expression creeps onto his face. For a moment he truly looks to be lost in his thoughts. Fortunately for him, Sid comes to the rescue. \"Shogo has the potential to rule the world, dude.\" Shogo's face lights up in a smile again. \"That's right! I use my crazy ultimate Chinese technique and math skills to takeover the world. How's that for a future?\" I purse my lips and shrug. \"Not bad. Except I think you'll need to learn all of the components of the English language before you take over anything. That's just a given.\" \"Will you pecker-heads stop littering my shop?\" A voice emerges from the back room. As Shogo disappears through the door, Skip comes out looking irritated. \"Find a job, buy something, or get out!\" He grabs a magazine off a shelf and begins swatting at some of the Z-boys lingering in the shop. Half of them scatter, taking off on their skateboards, while the other half stays and pretends to be working. \"Get off the counter, Red,\" he instructs me, lighting up a new cigarette in his mouth. I close my textbook and slide off the counter. \"Is Stecyk here yet, Skip?\" \"Yea, he's somewhere out back with Chino and Montoya. Probably taking pictures. Says he'll be out here in a few.\" As if on cue, the bell door jangles, and in walks Lily with a backpack hanging over her shoulder. Several pairs of eyes fall onto her all at once. A sudden wave of guilt and regret hits me. Lily stuck out like a sore thumb. While most people in Dogtown wore ripped jeans, t-shirts, flip-flops and beach-washed hairstyles, Lily is dressed in what looked to be a catholic school uniform, complete with the white button shirt, skirt, and tie hanging from her collar. It was glaringly obviously that Lily was a Val, and the locals didn't take too kindly to Vals. To top it off, Skip was in a mad mood, which only meant Lily was going to get it even worse than normal. \"What the hell does this look like to you, honey?\" asks Skip, giving her a hard look. \"A five star bed and breakfast? What are you doing here?\" Lily's mouth opens slightly as she flounders to answer him. She no doubt was surprised at Skip's harshly blunt words as soon as she walked in. \"I, uh...\" Her hazel eyes find mine in the group of onlookers. \"She's a friend, Skip,\" I say quickly to mend the situation. \"I invited her.\" Skip snorts, unconvinced. \"Yea, well, that doesn't stop my policy. Locals only, sweetheart!\" he tells Lily loudly. \"Go find a kook shop down in kooksville.\" \"Skip! I didn't invite her all the way down here just so you can call her kook and kick her out.\" \"What makes you think you're the exception, huh?\" Skip asks me quietly, even though that didn't stop all the guys from hearing his words. Speaking of which, most were amused with the scene unfolding in front of them, even Sid was intrigued. \"Please, Skip, just this once,\" I plead just as quietly. \"I promise I won't ever ask you for anything else like this again.\" But he isn't given the opportunity to answer, because the back door opens once again. Stecyk walks out with a cloud of smoke following him and an antique camera strapped around his neck. I walk over to Lily, who had stood there the entire time looking like a deer caught in the headlights. I bring her over to Stecyk without another word to Skip. \"This is the guy who I was telling you about,\" I say. Everything seems to go normal again, as the chatter of the shop returns and Skip starts fiddling with his cash register out of boredom. \"Craig Stecyk? Lily Bruinn.\" Lily shakes his hand and shakily proceeds to tell Stecyk how she broke her camera. She reaches into her bag and pulls out the lens, and other various disjointed camera parts. \"Aw, piece of cake!\" bristles Stecyk. \"This can be fixed within the hour, sweetie,\" says Stecyk, taking some of the camera parts into his own hands. As Lily and Stecyk fade into a conversation about camera mechanics, I feel a hand latch onto my arm and somebody pulls me to the side of the shop. Jay pulls me farther away so that neither Lily or Stecyk can hear. He and Tony back me into a corner for trap. \"What is this?\" asks Tony. \"What is what?\" I reply, playing dumb. \"That,\" snaps Jay, pointing at Lily. \"What did you bring her here for?\" \"She's a friend who needed help with her camera! Why is everyone freaking out about this!\" \"Because she's not one of us,\" explains Jay in a harsh tone of voice that he's never used on me before. \"She's a Val, Eden. Her parents own ferarri's and lawyers while she lives in a trophy house on the nicer side of town.\" \"Oh, and what?\" I say in a high-pitched, defensive voice. \"Sid doesn't live on the corner of Pleasantville and Marigold? Who cares if she's rich?\" \"That's different,\" says Tony. \"Sid is like a brother to us. We've known him since we were kids.\" \"And she's just some outsider looking to find her Beatles to Yoko with.\" Tony nods in agreement. \"That's true, dude. Girls are always trouble with us.\" Unconsciously, my hand retracts to my hip as I glare them down. \"Oh really? Is that what you guys thought of me when I first moved here? That I was going to be your Yoko?\" \"No,\" says Jay quickly. \"All I cared about was how hot you were.\" On instinct, both Tony and I hit Jay. I sock him in the gut while Tony slaps him in the head with his hand. Tony, rolling his eyes in irritation, continues over Jay's moans, \"Look, we knew you weren't that big of a deal, because you weren't interested in dating us. No one flirted with you, you flirted with nobody else, and that's how it should've stayed. Her on the other hand, we can't be sure of. She'll probably fall for someone lame like Stacy, then some other dude will end up jealous and all the sudden the gang is broken up over a chick. A spoiled rich white one, at that. That's how it works.\" \"You guys are such pigs,\" I give each of them a dirty scowl. \"I can be friends with whoever I want! And if Lily happens to attend the same social functions as me, then that's too bad for you. On the plus side, you won't be seeing much of her because I try to avoid you morons anyway, on the account of I hate you all!\" \"Don't be a bitch,\" says Tony, with another roll of his eyes. \"News flash, I am a bitch!\" I say louder than I intended. \"And you'll just have to deal with it. Oh, and by the way? You can forget that I ever offered my help for Stacy's surprise party. I can't stand working with either of you.\" I try to shove past their blockade of shirtless bodies, but I'm stopped when Tony roughly grabs my wrist and spins me back around. \"What are you talking about?\" yells Tony, his eyes flashing in anger. \"You said you'd help!\" \"I've already gotten my present for Stacy, so why should I take it further and help you guys? You treat me like crap, and frankly I've had enough of it. You're on your own. Have fun explaining to Stacy why he has such shitty friends.\" With that, I reclaim my wrist from Tony's grip and walk back towards Lily. I glimpse over at Tony and Jay one last time, to see them glaring at me and whispering about what to do about Stacy's birthday. \"Ok, ok, hold the pose!\" shouts Lily, adjusting the knobs on her camera to get it in focus. Stacy is using his arms to hold his body facing upward, while his feet stayed glued to the skateboard on the ground. It was like a push-up being done backwards. As Lily takes her time adjusting the knob, Stacy's arms begin to shake from the weight of his body. \"Uh, Lily? I don't know how much longer I can take it...\" \"Sorry,\" grins Lily. She takes a quick snap of the photo and stands up. Stacy collapses onto the ground. We were all at Paul Revere Middle School. Most of the boys were skating up and down, enjoying the playground's smooth cement turns and shoulders. \"Oh man, I'm already out of film!\" says Lily, noticing the 0 on her number reel. \"Forty something pictures already. You guys make for some interesting art.\" Stacy laughs and takes a seat on top of a picnic table. Lily joins him. I grin knowingly, wondering how long it would take for them to become betrothed. The pair had immediately hit it off from the first moments they met each other, unlike the reactions Lily got from Jay and Tony. Jay had given her a wet willy when she wasn't watching, and Tony \"accidentally\" slammed his skateboard into her heel on the way over to the school. Sid joins me at the separate picnic table I was working at. \"Still working on that math homework?\" he asks with a smirk. \"Yes,\" I say miserably, reminded that I still had a page and a half of questions to finish. \"By the time I'm done, I'm thinking of writing a five-page essay on the evils of Algebra homework and how it's poisoning the student mindset.\" \"Sounds fun,\" agreed Sid. \"I myself would be working on a similar project of a ten-page complaint letter to the faculty about the evils of Physical Education, except I can't.\" I stare at Sid in curiosity, waiting for him to explain why he couldn't. \"You see, I'm too busy worrying about what we're doing about Stacy's b-day. I mean, his so-called step sister was supposed to aid me in my quest of redemption, but her ego got in the way, so now she's abandoned me.\" I frown at Sid. \"I'm sorry I had to leave you, Sid, but you can't blame me. Alva and Jay have acted like totally assholes toward me since day 1. Do you really expect me to give them a break? Especially since they're hating on Lily now? I actually have a real shot at making a friend out of her. My first real friend since I moved here.\" \"I'm sorry if they're trying to blow it for you,\" says Sid, although without a hint of apologetic tone. \"But this isn't about T.A. or Jay. It's about Stacy, about making him happy.\" \"I'm not going to swallow my pride for it, Sid. I won't just sit and let them push me around. I wasn't programmed to take that.\" Sid shrugs. \"Just don't forget that you can always reprogram yourself to think differently.\" He stands up and stretches his limbs. \"Hey.\" A voice behind me interrupts my reverie of thought. Lily sits next to me, I notice the other picnic table is now empty and Stacy is skating around the playground like the rest. \"You and Stacy seem to be hitting it off,\" I smirk. \"So when's the wedding reception? Tell me I get to be bridesmaid!\" She blushes heavily before giving me playful shove in the shoulder. \"Shut up. Anyway, I'm not sure. I like Stacy and all, but he seems a tad naive.\" \"Naive how?\" \"When I tried asking him out, he took it as a friends thing and said the guys would love to come along.\" \"Oh... Well, hate to break it to you, but I think he's still recovering from the last crush on a girl. You heard of Kathy Alva?\" \"Tony's sister? Yep, I've heard that she's been around the block a few times.\" \"Stacy has been infatuated with her since they were kids, or so he tells me. He's still pretty hung up on her.\" Lily sighs. \"I hate competition. You saw me cave under pressure the day of our interviews.\" I laugh. \"Yea, that was pretty pathetic. If you want to spend time with Stacy, though, maybe ask him to teach you how to surf.\" \"I've already learned, though. Well, at least a little bit.\" \"Then pretend that you don't.\" She smiles. \"That's not a bad idea. I mean, I'll be able to ask him by next weekend, since my parents will be out of town--\" \"Your parents are out of town?\" says Sid loudly, seemingly materializing out of nowhere. His speed on his skateboard slows down considerably and he stares at Lily with hopeful eyes. \"Yea, they'll be in the Bahamas,\" answers Lily. \"Why?\" \"Oh,\" shrugs Sid. \"Just curious. Lily, right? I think you're in my Lit class.\" \"I think so. Sid, is it?\" She holds out her hand for him to shake. Sid steps forward off his board, takes her wrist and instead of a handshake, he delivers an over-the-top kiss on her knuckle tips. I roll my eyes at the cheesiness of it all, but Lily is thrilled, because she gets into a fit of giggles and does a mock curtsy. \"I'll leave you two love birds to your business,\" I tease, packing my textbooks into my backpack and taking off. I climb through the crack of the fence surrounding the middle school, when suddenly I hear, \"Do you need me to walk you home?\" The last person I expect to ask, besides Tony, is Jay Adams. But there Jay was, on the other side of the fence staring at me dubiously. \"I mean, there's that rapist on the loose, right? Wouldn't want your pretty little redhead to be warped by him.\" \"I think Ill be fine,\" I tell him stiffly. \"I've got mace. And if you think that by being nice to me, I'll change my mind about the party, then forget it. My decision is final.\" I stomp down the street, my head whirling over Jay's antics. I was glad that Stacy had agreed to walk Lily home for me, as I had to leave home early for homework. If I had stayed there any longer, I probably would have exploded. \"Where the hell is Stacy?\" I stare at my step-dad in mild surprise. He wasn't always so on edge about things, but today he was full-out anxious. Of course, it was understandable, seeing as today was Stacy's birthday. Aaron, my mom, and I had baked him a lemon cake (his favorite), which he had gladly eaten for breakfast this morning. Both Aaron and my mom had given him fair gifts, while I had thrown together a crappy hand-made card which Stacy had believed was \"heartfelt\". What he didn't know was that my real present for him was chipping in for his new car. Every check that I was going to get from the Venice Noodle Company would be sent to Rob to pay off the debt. We sit on our front porch, pondering where Stacy went and waiting for Rob to arrive any minute with the Le Baron. The plan had been to have Rob come with the car and surprise Stacy with it at the end of the day. \"He's probably at his surprise party,\" I inform Aaron. \"Surprise party?\" Aaron repeats, his mouth falling open in anger. \"His friends had different plans from us. They're throwing him a party, separate from our familial celebration. I guess they stole our thunder.\" I rethink my disappointment. Stacy doesn't like parties in the first place, especially the ones Z-boys throw. He'll probably end up shyly retreating to the backyard porch all night, watching his friends throw a drunken parade for him. When he gets here, the car will definitely take the cake. \"Well, do you know where the party is at?\" says Aaron with an irritated glance at his wrist watch. \"I don't have all night. There's a Bears game on in twelve minutes!\" \"They kept it a secret,\" I say. \"This is exactly what they do, especially when it comes to me. But I think I know where it is anyway.\" The sound of a revving engine is heard in the distance. A black coated car pulls into our driveway. An insipid version of Aaron pops out of the car door. \"Hey hello!\" he cheerily greets. \"Where's our birthday boy?\" \"Out,\" I say simply. \"I don't know what to do, Rob,\" sighs Aaron. \"The game starts in ten minutes--I don't feel like running around town looking for Stacy.\" \"I can find him,\" I interrupt. \"I already know where the party is probably at. I can just drive by and show Stacy his new car, he'll be so stoked that he'll just take off from the party.\" \"I don't know,\" says Aaron doubtfully. \"What are you, fourteen? I don't think you should drive.\" \"I've got a permit, Aaron.\" He considers me for a moment in silence. \"C'mon, Aaron, let the kid go!\" interjects Rob. \"She looks like she can take care of herself. We'll miss the game!\" \"Right,\" I agree. \"I wouldn't be asking if I didn't know how to drive really well. You know me by now, I'm not stupid.\" Aaron sighs, caving into the peer pressure. \"Alright knock yourself out.\" He shrugs at Rob, who reaches into his pocket and produces a set of car keys to the Le Baron. \"But I want you home in two hours. No less. No boys, no booze, and no toking. Are we clear?\" \"Yea,\" I say, grinning at Aaron's usage of \"toking\". I grab the keys from Rob's hand and climb into the driver's seat. The middle-aged brothers meander into the house for their beloved football game. Too bad for them, they'd have to explain to my mom how they let her fourteen-year-old daughter drive without supervision. The engine come to life with the turn of my wrist and I slowly reverse into the street. I figure the party is either at Tony Alva's place or at Lily's. Nearly every Dogtown party is an Alva party, because his dad has a night shift until six in the morning. Which meant no parental supervision, which was perfect for them. Apparently, Tony's mom left when he was a kid, but I don't claim to know the entire story. The Le Baron cruises down Tony's street. I glance at the shabby house, which badly needed a new paint job. But there was no loud music emanating from the house or any kind of aura that there was a party. All of the lights were out. I turn the steering wheel and begin driving toward the nicer part of town. Lily's house was my second suspect. The poor girl had been looking for reasons to impress the guys all week, and letting them host a party at her house was the perfect loophole for her. Also, Sid had seemed all too happy about her parents visiting the Bahamas a week before. The neighborhood I pull into has picture-perfect lawns and estates. All of the hedges are trimmed green evenly and even the mailboxes match. I try to remember which number Lily's house was at. Was it Vaser Road Number Six or Number Seven? I give up trying to remember, instead searching for the house that looked like there was a party inside of it. At the end of the block I find a three-story white house with rock music 'I Just Want to Make Love to You' blaring out of the windows. The front door was wide open with smoke billowing out. This was without question where the party was at. I parallel park the Le Baron into the nearest empty spot on the curb. When I step out, there's a dizzy teen on his hands and knees, vomiting into a bushel of roses. When he hears my footsteps, he looks up from his drunken stupor and shouts, \"Hey man, party of the century right at this place! Join the fun!\" He proceeds to blow chunks into the bush. I carefully move past him, a grimace of disgust etched on my face, and walk through the front door. The party was at full blast. Empty plastic cups and peanuts littered the floor, a crowd of teenagers were drunkenly swaying to the Foghat song, and the kitchen had a strong aroma of marijuana flowing from it. At the top of the marble staircase, a group of rowdy teens were ready to sled down the stairs into a pyramid of empty beer cans. The house was a huge mansion inside, including a tall ceiling and numerous glass cases of professional photography. Lily's parents seemed to share the same love of photography. The house would have been nice, without the presence of party-goers invading the luscious space. I sigh at the state of Lily's house. This is what happens when you let the Z-boys take over a nice get-together.[Chapter 7] Chapter 7. The L Word \"Eden!\" says Lily is surprise. \"God, I'm so sorry!\" she shouts over the loud music blaring overhead. Luckily, the song stopped and a new one came on, more melodic and soft--All the Young Dudes, by Mott the Hoople. Lily began explaining herself. \"Jay told me that the surprise party was going to be a surprise for you too. By the time Stacy showed up you weren't with him, and that's when I figured it out.\" \"I understand. It's fine. Can we find a more private area to talk?\" Lily nods and drags me through the living, kitchen, into the backyard where a young couple was making out on a lawn chair. \"Sorry again,\" says Lily, sounding genuinely apologetic. \"They had made me swear not to tell.\" \"Relax, Lil. I was just wondering why you let the party happen anyway? I mean, they're trashing our house. You can't say you didn't expect it.\" \"Don't worry!\" Lily smiles. \"A month ago my parents hired a housemaid, Maria. She will come by here tomorrow morning and help me clean up the mess. By the time my parents get home, they won't have any idea there had been a party here.\" I try to be understanding, but I couldn't suppress the bad feeling I had. What if something went wrong and a party-goer trashed Lily's house? Well, trashed it more than what it was now. Before I'm able to voice my opinion though, the glass door slides open and Stacy joins us outside. \"Hey, I'm glad you made it to my party,\" smiles Stacy. \"I was beginning to worry that my friends didn't invite you.\" \"Oh, they didn't. I invited myself along.\" \"Ah.\" Stacy's smile widens, as though things were made clear now. \"Great party, by the way, Lily.\" \"Are you kidding?\" says Lily as her eyebrows shoot up. \"It's a mess in there. Half the people here don't even know that it's supposed to be for a birthday. I can't believe I let Jay and Tony take advantage of me.\" \"Don't be so shocked,\" I assure her. \"They do this all the time. Lack of parental guidance results in lack of ethics every time.\" \"So do you guys want to get back inside?\" Stacy and I meet eyes for a second before shaking or heads and yelling, \"Nah!\" \"Well, I kind of have to,\" sighs Lily. \"I mean, who knows what will happen to my house if I left it unsupervised?\" \"I suppose I can help you,\" I add. \"What are friends for, right?\" \"Thanks. What about you, Stacy?\" \"I think I want to stay out here.\" He shrugs shyly. \"I prefer the quiet.\" \"Yea, right. Have fun watching Romeo over there suck on Juliet's face.\" I'm referring to the couple feeling each other up on the lawn chair. I trail behind Lily as she enters the house again. As soon as the slide door shuts, Lily spins around at me, excited. \"You have to let me date your step-brother! He's so cute.\" I cringe. \"I didn't know you needed my permission.\" \"Well, I do. I mean, it would be kind of weird of me if I suddenly started dating him out of nowhere. If I had a brother, you'd so have to ask for my permission!\" Before I can give her my \"okay\" a voice interrupts our conversing. \"Is that you, Red?\" I turn around to face a smiling Kathy Alva. Her best friend, Blanca, was standing behind her while chugging a beer from a plastic cup. They were obviously both intoxicated, and maybe even high. It was a well known fact that girls at parties got drunk quicker than guys did, because the intake of beer affected their systems easier. \"Hi Kathy,\" I greet politely. \"Blanca. How's it going?\" Kathy smiles at Lily. \"Hey, bitchen' party! All of the cute boys are here. Blanca, who had downed the last sip of beer, turned to Kathy and pointed out at the backyard. \"Speaking of which, there's Stacy Peralta. Damn, has he grown tall since I last saw him.\" \"And cute!\" chimes in Kathy. \"Damn, chica, why didn't you tell me your step-bro has gotten hot?\" she asks me. I search Lily's face for a reaction. Lily's body language clearly indicated awkwardness and jealousy. \"I'm gonna go talk to him,\" says Kathy without hesitation. She hands her drink to Blanca and heads for the door. Kathy was normally very nice and bubbly, but whenever she had a few drinks in her system she'd turn bold and aggressive, to a fault sometimes. \"What about me, huh?\" whines Blanca, who didn't want to go through the night friendless. \"I need a ride too, you know!\" \"Have Tony walk you home or something,\" says Kathy, opening the slide door. \"I broke up with Tony a week ago!\" shouts Blanca, but to no avail, because Kathy already had the slide door shut and was chatting up Stacy. Blanca desperately looks at me and Lily, unsure what to do. \"You're in luck,\" Lily informs Blanca. I arch an eyebrow at her. Wasn't she supposed to be giving these girls the cold treatment over Stacy? \"Some people have volunteered to be designated drivers.\" \"Who are they?\" Lily shows Blanca into the living room, and I follow. As they enter, Lily is about to point out her two supposed volunteers when she notices the boys in question were in a beer chugging content with a group of seven other guys. \"What the hell?!\" shouts Lily, though the music is too loud for anyone to notice. She, Blanca, and I head back to the kitchen where our eardrums are treated better. \"Crap, what am I going to do? Like 99 percent of the people here are too drunk or high to go anywhere. If anyone dies returning home, I'll be to blame!\" \"Don't even worry about it,\" I say. \"I'll be the designated driver for your party, Lily.\" \"But you don't have a car.\" \"Or a license for that matter, girl,\" adds Blanca. \"You're what, thirteen, fourteen?\" \"I've got a permit!\" I repeat the second time that night. \"Besides, how do you think I got here? I drove. I've got a car out front. I can take you home when you're ready, Blanca.\" Blanca nods in gratitude, then throws one last dirty look at Kathy and Stacy through the glass door before heading back to the living room. Once the chicana leaves, Lily crosses her arms at me. \"I think these pot fumes are getting to your head, Eden. You don't have a car!\" \"Think again.\" I grin. \"My step-uncle gave Stacy his Le Baron, a.k.a., he gave us his Le Baron. The days of scrounging for rides from over-indulgent locals are over, my friend.\" \"Ah,\" says Lily knowingly. \"Thus comes the new age of scrounging for gas money for your guzzler.\" \"But I need to start driving people home now,\" I said with an impatient glance at the kitchen's clock. \"I promised Aaron I'd be home in two hours. I've already wasted ten minutes. It's your house, Lil, and therefore your duty to end the party early.\" Lily sighs. \"I'm afraid to do it, though. I don't know what they'd to do me. They expected the party to run all night, it's only been going to two and a half hours.\" \"Then you should lie. Tell everyone the cops are coming. Or better yet, tell them your parents' trip got canceled so they're coming home early.\" \"Right. Could you help me? I'm a little shy.\" \"Fine, let's do it. First we've got to cut off their music though.\" Lily clutches onto my wrist as we swim through the throng of people, and up the staircase. The boys at the top are hollering at us to move but we ignore them. Once we reach the top, we enter a sort of drawing room very similar to the living room. Lily fiddles with a set of speakers until the music shuts off. There are a series of groans and yells emitting from the crowd downstairs. \"Where's the music, man?\" Lily and I push our way so that we are standing on the stairway looking down at the rest of the party. \"Alright, listen up you little teen creams!\" I shout overhead, immediately catching the attention of thirty something bodies. \"The host of the party has an announcement to make so shut up!\" I turn to Lily to signal it's her turn. \"Uh,\" says Lily with uncertainty. Her face burns red from the embarrassment of public speaking. \"Well, my parents called...\" \"SPEAK UP!\" someone calls out, and there's a murmur of agreement that no one can hear Lily's mumbles. I rub Lily's shoulder for support. Seemingly gaining a new wave of confidence, Lily loudly announces, \"My parents called a few minutes ago! It turns out their flight was canceled and they'll be coming home early!\" There was an outburst of anxious chatter in the crowd. No one got the message that it was time to leave. \"Didn't you hear?\" I interfere once more. \"The party's over, vatos, we're busted! Start clearing out now!\" The crowd finally begins to disperse. \"Oh, and if anybody needs a designated driver,\" Lily adds lamely over the scattered people, \"Eden here is offering her services.\" Blanca walks up to us. \"I've got a group of girls from my neighborhood who can us a ride home.\" \"Alright, let's go. See you around, Lil.\" However, when I reach the bottom of the stairs my path is blocked by none other than Tony Alva. \"That's bullshit!\" says Tony. \"You didn't get no phone call. Your parents left, like, yesterday so how can their flight be canceled when their not even on a plane?\" \"Oh, shucks!\" I snap my finger in sarcasm and glance at Lily. \"Tony caught us! Well, I guess nothing can past you, Alva! Now move.\" I shove past Tony and head out to the street, where many teens had taken the route of walking home. Blanca brings me to a group of unsteady girls waiting in the middle of the street, shivering at how cold the night air was. Most of them were drunk and disoriented. I motion for the girls to follow me and open the car door of the Le Baron. They stumble inside the back while Blanca takes shotgun. \"Thanks a lot,\" says Blanca while strapping a seat belt on. \"It's nice to know there are still decent people in Dogtown.\" -- After the third round of driving teens home, I return to Lily's house once again. The house was really beautiful once all of the drunks cleared out. \"Almost everyone is out,\" Lily tells me. \"Who's still here?\" \"Stacy and Kathy are in the back still, having the time of their lives,\" I couldn't help but detect the bitterness in her voice. \"Then I think Sid is in one of the bedrooms upstairs with a girl. Thunder Monkey. Oh, and some other Z-boys are here still, trying to revive the party.\" \"Sid can walk home because his house isn't too far away. Thunder Monkey will probably want to leave with Kathy so I'll leave them here for now. I'll find the boyz and drop them off at their houses. I'm guessing their in the kitchen?\" Lily nods in response and climbs up he stairs to warn Sid and Thunder that the party has ended. I trudge into the kitchen. Some of the guys who I was less familiar with, like Biniak and Red Dog, were sitting with Shogo at the kitchen table, passing around a joint. Tony was rummaging though the refrigerator. He had a grocery bag in his hands, and I realize he was stealing Lily's own food because there was probably a shortage at his own house. Jay was making faces pressed against the sliding glass door at Kathy and Stacy, but their couldn't see because their backs were turned. \"Alright, everyone, get up! Come on, we're leaving!\" I announce to the room. Most of them ignore me or throw me strange looks. \"I said let's go! You're going home. I said, get UP!\" I snatch the joint from Red Dog's lips and stomp it out on the floor. \"What the hell, man?\" \"Already, I think we should get up,\" says Shogo dazedly, standing up from his chair. The boys follow him out, all except for Tony. On his way out, Jay gives me an unreadable look. I wonder how drunk he was. I look to Tony expectantly. He simply glares back with his arms crossed. \"They're the ones who are high off their asses, not me,\" says Tony. \"I don't gotta do shit you tell me to.\" \"Well, that's nice,\" I say with a bitter resentment. \"So then, I won't tell you. I'll ask you kindly to go out front and let me drive you home.\" \"'I'll ask you kindly to go out front and let me drive you',\" he mimics me in a high-pitched voice. \"Don't be an asshole, T.A.!\" He leans his head and back against the fridge door. \"Let's get something straight, little girl. I don't like you. You just busted a perfectly nice party you weren't even invited to, and now you want to play the rule-abiding citizen and drive me home.\" \"I know you hate me!\" I fire up, wondering how we even got into this fight. \"What, you think I haven't noticed? You hate me for no reason, other than the fact that I try to be a decent person!\" \"You're so full of shit!\" He too is getting angry. \"Don't try to pull that holier-than-thou cum with me! I hate you for plenty of reasons, each justifiably.\" \"Well, I could care less about what your contrived reasons are, so you can just stuff it!\" Before he can come up with another retort, I snatch the grocery bag filled with Lily's food and walk out the room. My plan works, because Tony subsequently follows me outside into the driveway, where the rest of the guys were hanging out. \"Give my shit back, Peralta!\" he growls angrily, reaching out for the food. Keeping the bag out of his reach, I grab for my car keys and climb into the Le Baron's driver's seat. Jay, Shogo, Red Dog and Biniak pile into the backseat. I glance out the window and catch Tony, pissed that he was that easily dogged by me. He shakes his head and falls into the passenger's seat, making sure to slam the door shut on his way. I hand over the bag of food and turn the keys in the ignition. -- Unsurprisingly, the car ride home was hell. It was a nonstop loud and wild ride of thumb wrestling wars, charlie horses, lighting up yet another joint, and yelling \"SPEED WOBBLE!\" in my face. The only quiet one beside me was Tony, who was still sulking over the ruined party. He kept grumbling about how this wouldn't have happened at his own house. During the journey, I also had to keep pulling over and threatening to kick the boys out if they didn't put out the joint. That was the only boundary line I drew. The first stop is Red Dog's house. \"Shit,\" says Red Dog. \"I can't remember if you turn on Mulberry street or Halibut Avenue first. Shit.\" This and circling the block lasted for another ten minutes until Red Dog found his apartment complex and took off. With a sigh, I glance at my radio clock, which read 11:54. I was already an hour and 54 minutes late from the curfew Aaron gave me. Mom was going to yell tonight. We head to Biniak and Shogo's neighborhood. \"Hey, Eden? That's your name, right?\" slurs Biniak, leaning forward over my seat. \"Yea, don't wear it out.\" \"Hey, Eden,\" he repeats. He was clearly drunk out of his mind. \"Uh, I think Jay-boy is in love. With you, I mean.\" My hands tighten their grip on the steering wheel. I uncomfortably glance in the rearview mirror to see Jay's reaction, but he has his head stuck out the window, waiting to yell at the next passerby. \"Did'ya hear me, Eden?\" giggles Biniak. \"I said Jay-boy loves you!\" For some reason, I look over at Tony. I suppose because he was the only one close to soberness in the car. Tony is staring icily ahead. But this time the cold expression was different from the sulky one he had over the party. Sensing my stare, his hazel eyes dart at me with a questioning glint. I quickly avert my eyes back at the road. \"Oh man,\" groans Shogo, almost sounding sick. \"You just sold out your boy, Biniak. Jay is gonna kill you.\" \"Will you fuckers shut up for once?\" snaps Tony, clearly irritated. He leans forward and turns the radio one so he didn't have to listen to their drunken ramblings anymore. He sifts through each radio station until a Bob Dylan song comes on. But when I hear the lyrics, I groan because the boys start sining along. It was \"Everybody Must Get Stoned.\" They'll stone you when you're trying to be so good They'll stone you just like they said they would They'll stone you when you're trying to go home They'll stone you when you're there all alone But I would not feel so all alone Everybody must get stoned! What a horrible song. And I liked Bob Dylan![Chapter 8] An: Wow, I am so extremely sorry at the belatedness of this chapter! I feel like such a bad author. But I got distracted with the end of school coming near (we were given final projects to work on). I'm also having a hard time with getting through this fic. Sorry, it always happens, after the first five chapters of any story I start, my writing gets sluggish and I lose my inspiration for the story. But I'm going to try my hardest in finishing this. Especially this summer! Anyway, I'm not a huge fan of this chapter, but at least I updated! REVIEW! Btw, I totally used the hamburger phone gag from Juno. Chapter 8. T.A.'s Place \"Oh God,\" moaned Jay, sticking his blonde head between my and Tony's seats. \"I think I'm gonna be sick, dudes.\" \"What?\" I ask in concern. He nods while clutching onto his stomach. \"Not up here, dude!\" yelled Tony, moving toward the window. \"Go back there!\" I scowl at Tony's complete lack of empathy for his friend. \"We'll pull over, Alva.\" My eyes roam along the darkly lit street, searching for a spot to park. I couldn't find a parking lot because we were far away from any stores and Jay probably wouldn't be able to hold in his vomit. I sigh when I realize that I would have to parallel park. I find an empty space between two convertibles parked to the side of the street. I back in extremely slowly, so slowly that Tony had to sigh at how ridiculously cautious my driving was. I spare him a glare, not in the mood to get into yet another heated argument with him. That was the only thing we seemed to be doing lately. I was only halfway through parking the car, with the vehicle facing diagonally toward the street, when Jay suddenly opens the door and lungs out of the still moving car. \"Jay!\" I yell angrily, because the back tire came dangerously close to running over his heel as he fell out. Jay finds a nearby tree and vomits onto the patch of grass below it. Tony groans and then chuckles, torn between disgust and amusement. Afterward, Jay wipes his mouth and stumbles back into the car, with an embarrassed glance at me. His green eyes avoid mine for the rest of the trip home. Some time later, I pull over in a alley right outside Jay's place. \"We're here, Jay,\" I tell him softly. Instead of simply using the car door, Jay fully rolls down the car window and climbs out. I roll my eyes. After Jay falls out onto the street pavement, I put the shift stick in reverse. But before I can take off, Jay rasps on my driver's window. I roll it down to hear what he has to say. He sticks his blonde head in through the window and drunkenly stares at me with unfocused eyes. For a minute he just stares, and I uncomfortably wonder whether he's about to kiss me or not. But with Tony making a loud cough in the background, Jay seems to change his mind and shrugs. \"Good nigh', Ed.\" \"Night, Jay,\" I say flatly. \"Thanks for the riiiiiide.\" He makes a V sign with his fingers, which I suppose would stand for Venice, and backs out of the window. With a huffy sigh, I finally back the Le Baron out of the alleyway. \"You remember where I live?\" asks Tony beside me. \"Yes.\" Tony looks in through the rear view mirror, where Jay is climbing up the stairway that led to Philaine's apartment. \"He is smashed, dude.\" \"What do you expect?\" I say, glad that there was something to talk about with Tony, instead of an awkward silence coming over us. \"You guys party every weekend; and alcohol has a stronger effect on the teenage body than it has on an adult.\" I steer into a bigger intersection and drive five miles under the speed limit. \"Shit, Peralta, my grandma drives faster than this,\" complains Tony. \"Speed it up a little.\" \"No! It's in the middle of the night, I'm underage, you're probably a little drunk--if we get pulled over do you know how much trouble we'd be in?\" \"I only had three beers. And there's not even anybody on the road, so what's the problem?\" I suddenly grow angry, not wanting to listen to Tony try to peer pressure me into speeding for him. \"The problem is,\" I testily snap, \"I'm not following what an impulsive hothead says just because he wants to get home quicker!\" He glares at me with same wild angry eyes that he does every time he grows impatient with me. I know he's thinking of a hurtful insult to sting me with, so I decide to retort before him to keep him preoccupied. Somehow, what slips out of my mouth is, \"God, why can't you be more like Jay!\" He gives me an incredulous look. \"I know he's annoyed with me all the time, but at least he isn't rude about it! You find ways to patronize me every time we meet.\" \"Jay?\" he asks, still sounding disbelieving. \"What, you want me to act more like Jay? Let me break it down for you, Jay isn't exactly the saint you see him as--\" \"Oh, that's nice,\" I cut in. \"You're gonna bag on your best friend now?\" \"You brought it up, pendejo. At least I can keep a girl for longer than two weeks. When was the last time you saw Jay Adams with a long-term girlfriend, huh?\" \"Are you saying he treats his girlfriends like shit?\" \"I didn't say that. I just meant that he can't hold down a girlfriend.\" \"That has nothing to do with whether or not Jay's a good person!\" Even as the words come out of my mouth, they sound strange for me to say. Before Tony can drag on the argument to the point of tears, we're interrupted by a tremendous 'BANG!' coming from the engine. \"What the hell is wrong with your car?\" \"Shut up,\" I mutter, sitting up straight in my seat to try to get a better look at the hood. The engine continue making chunky, rattling noises, until finally something inside the hood exploded and smoke seeped out. I quickly find a neighborhood to pull over to. \"What's wrong with it?\" I ask. Without answering, Tony opens the door and steps in front of the car. I decide to follow. When he sees me copying his actions, he gives me a dubious look. \"You don't know shit about cars, so why don't you let me take care of it?\" I roll my eyes, but stubbornly stay glued to my spot on the street. He pops the hood open and his curly-haired head disappears into the mechanics of the engine area. Shivering, I reach into the backseat and grab a handmade quilt my mom made while living in Wisconsin. I wrap it around my shoulders and stand off to the side, waiting for Tony's opinion. After awhile of waiting, I loose my patience. I decide to ask the most annoying question a man will hear. At least, according to my dad, it was the most annoying question: \"Do you even know what you're doing?\" He lifted his head again and glared at me. \"Do you think that I would even be down here, knowing that your damn parents would sue me if I fucked up your car worse?\" \"We wouldn't sue you,\" I defend, placing a hand on my hip. \"Not your broke ass anyway. Your dad scares Aaron too much.\" \"I think you've got a cracked radiator,\" he says while examine a car part I wasn't familiar with. He reaches out and fiddles with a knob. \"But I'm not sure, it could be--SHIT!\" His hand suddenly retract from a sizzling car part, like a little kid accidentally touching a burning stove and pulling away. \"Ahh, motherfucker!\" \"What happened!\" I ask, trying and failing to mask my concern. \"Nothing, just--arggh!\" He continues clutching his hand in pain. \"Let me see.\" I step forward and carefully take his hand in mine to peer down at it. There was a searing burnt mark slashed across his palm, but it wasn't alarmingly big. I glance around for something to wrap around it. I see the red bandana over Tony's head and grab it from his tangly curls. \"You have to apply pressure to it or else your hand will loose a lot of blood,\" I explain, wrapping the bandana around his palm snugly. \"Whatever,\" he mutters, and pulls away as soon as I let go. He slams shut the hood of the car. \"So,\" I say with a sudden smugness in my voice. \"I thought you knew what you were doing. Now suddenly you don't know how to fix it?\" \"Cracked radiators can't be fixed without tools, dip shit,\" he snaps. \"We need a tow truck.\" My mouth falls open and I stare around the neighborhood in mock wonder. \"Well, how are we supposed to do that? It's the middle of the night, suburbia, no ones going to let two teenaged strangers into their house for a phone call!\" He takes a mocking tone of voice. \"What, are you afraid that some shit like Texas Chainsaw Massacre will happen?\" \"Right now would be the perfect time for you to shut up, Alva! I really can't deal with your patronizing--\" \"Don't you even try to pull that mom shit on me! It may work on guys like Sid and Jay, but you can't boss me around--\" \"What mom shit? What are you talking about? No one listens to me!\" Rolling his eyes, Tony grunts in frustration. Changing the subject, he abruptly demands to know, \"Where are we?\" \"Something like Iowa Street,\" I grumble. Tony takes on an expression of new hope. \"Oh, no shit? My house is three blocks down from here. We can walk.\" With a frown, I reach in through the Le Baron's window and pull the car keys out of the ignition. Then we both grab possessions from the car just in case they were needed for the trip, or in case any robbers came by and wanted to take anything expensive. In Dogtown, even seemingly innocent suburbs weren't safe to leave an unlocked car in. Tony leads the way down the block, his grocery bag of Lily's food in one arm. \"How did you not know your house was three blocks from here?\" I ask him to break the silence. \"It's dark out,\" he defends. \"I had my headlights on.\" \"Obviously, that wasn't good enough.\" \"Nothing is good enough for you,\" I mumble bitterly. Ten minutes later, we finally reached the Alva house, located in a shabbier part of the neighborhood. It wasn't very well kept: Brown paint was peeling off the edges of the house, the lawn was a puke-ish yellow-brown color making it look like it hadn't seen water in months, and the porch stairway that led up to the front door was the worst because it had a missing step and the wood looked like it was about to collapse in. Without fear or hesitation, Tony sprinted up the older set of stairs and reached the raggedy carpet laid in front of the door. As I carefully trot up the steps, careful not to fall, he was already unlocking the door and stepping inside. \"You better hope that my dad paid his phone bill this month,\" I hear him say from inside. \"Are you telling me that there's a possibility that your phone may not work?\" I shout, sounding accosted. \"That's right, angel face.\" I follow him inside the house, not knowing what to expect. Tony's family was poor, but they still somehow managed to rent a full-size house, even if it was smaller than most. It wasn't a psychedelic purple theme like Jay's place, or a beach-blanket orange like the Peralta house, but it was a dark maroon color. The living room wasn't very welcoming: A small, pathetic television set, a stained coffee table, and an ugly orange couch with ripped cushions greeted the visitor. \"The phone is in the kitchen. Don't snoop in any of our shit.\" \"Like I'd want to,\" I say snidely, and head through the hallway that led to the kitchen. I search the linoleum lit room for a telephone, until I see a peculiar appliance hanging on the wall. I say peculiar because it was shaped like a hamburger. \"Dear God, tell me that's not the phone.\" \"By the way,\" Tony yells from the living room, \"the phone is a hamburger!\" I groan at my ironic luck, trudge toward the hamburger-shaped phone and pick up the receiver. I press the dials, which were colored yellow and red, which had to signify mustard and ketchup. There was also a green button at the bottom looking like a pickle. After several rings, the answer machine picks up. What? Why weren't they answering? Where else could they be, but at home pacing in worry that both their children were out missing in Dogtown? I slam the hamburger phone down in frustration, and stomp into the living room, stumbling onto the ugly orange couch. Tony was situated on the armchair to the right of me, watching an episode of The Twilight Zone. Just being stuck here of all places, Tony Alva's house, with no way of getting home, made me feel like I was in the Twilight Zone.[Chapter 9] Chapter 9. Aftermath \"... so then she goes, 'I told you, I was once queen of the nile,' and then she bites him in the neck and sucks the life out of the dude, like some kind of vampire.\" My mom stares at the Hispanic, her patience dwindling by the second. She wanted to leave, take her daughter home already, but she couldn't possible be rude to the boy who had offered me shelter for three hours at his house. That's how Mom saw it. To me, Tony wasn't even acting out of kindness. He couldn't just strand a girl he knew outside at an ungodly our of the night--he wasn't that heartless, apparently. Mom nodded in feigned interest, as Tony finished his synopsis of the Twilight Zone episode. I awkwardly stand behind Tony at the doorway. I glance at Kathy, who was passed out on the couch, and wonder if I could sit on top of her without waking her. I see Aaron sitting in the car parked in front of the house. He too is staring back at the porch, wondering what's taking so long. \"Sounds worthwhile,\" says my mom finally. She smiles at him. \"Too bad I missed that one. There'll probably be another rerun of it, though. Eden?\" She pokes her head around Tony's shoulder to give me a strained look. I nod and move past Tony. We are both hesitant to walk down the porchway, with the same logic that the wood was unstable and could fall down any second. As we start forward, though, Tony's imploring voice cuts in. \"Hey, Mrs. Peralta? Could you not, like, tell my dad that your daughter was here? I'm kinda supposed to be grounded, and if he found out that a girl stayed over he'll take it the wrong way...\" Mom glances at me with accusatory eyes. What was that about? What did she think this was? A sleep-over make-out session I had with the Alva boy? Absolutely not. \"Of course, Tony, I'll keep your secret.\" With a grateful nod, Tony's eyes landed on me with a slightly glaring glint, as though threatening me that the same goes for me: I wasn't to tell Mr. Alva I was over his house. Just for the look, I had the impulsive urge to call up Mr. Alva the next morning just to tell him what happened. Aaron and Mom drive me home with the windows rolled down. The nightly breeze wasn't nearly as strong enough because dawn was coming in a few hours. The first five minutes is quiet, which I am both grateful and nervous about. Eventually, the silence fizzled away and a new ferocity hit my mom. For the first time, she was going to yell at me in front of her second husband. \"Tony Alva, Eden?\" met my ears. \"I mean, Tony Alva? What do yo see in that boy?\" My body surges with shock and hurt. What is she talking about? How can she even think that? Here I was, under the impression that she was going to yell at me for the thousand other things that went wrong this night--but no, she concentrates on the fact that she had to pick me up, 3 A.M., from Tony's place. \"I wasn't--\" I start, my voice breaking. I wasn't very certain of how I was going to explain this. The shock of her thinking I was with Tony was still setting in on me. \"Mom, how can you think that?!\" I was suddenly very angry. What was she thinking, suggesting that? \"Well, what am I supposed to think, Eden?\" she asks, stung by my words. \"Here me and Aaron were, driving the entire town in search for you and Stacy! We finally find the house where Stacy's at--only to find that you aren't there. We drive home, expecting you to be there, then finally an hour later we get a phone call--\" \"I already called the house three other times before you finally picked up!\" \"...saying, 'Mom, come pick me up, I'm at Tony Alva's house.' What am I supposed to say to that, huh?\" \"Well, if you would've listened to my entire story on the phone, maybe you'd think, 'Oh, poor Eden; she sure had a rough night'! I told you, Mom, the Le Baron stopped working!\" I sent a scathing glare at Aaron, who was staying neatrally silent; it was his fault for giving me the car that ended up breaking down in the middle of the ride. \"What was I supposed to do for the rest of the night, wait for help to come? I had to go with Tony--his house was three blocks away. And exactly what do you think happened between us?\" I took on a challenging note in my voice. \"Why don't you tell me, Eden? Tell me what you found with him to do for nearly three hours!\" I hate the tone of suggestion that is in her voice. It felt like I no longer knew the woman sitting in the passenger's seat ahead of me. All of the years of close affection were gone, replaced with a new rage for one another. I lean my forehead against the window, trying to control the heavy breathes I was coming out with. More and more by the day, my mom was become disabled, stunted by my rate of maturity. Meanwhile I'm having to deal with the newfound anxieties and teenage vulnerability that has found its way into my mindset. A year ago, had she picked me up from a boy's house, the most she would have done was relentlessly tease me over whether I had kissed the boy or not. Now she was coming to the accusation that I was becoming promiscuous, which shocked me more than it should have, because it with Tony Alva of all people. But she didn't exactly know about my loathing for him. \"Well?\" she snaps when I don't give her an outright answer. \"What happened with him?\" Instead of assuring her the truth, I decide to turn on her, to burn he just as she had burned me: \"None of your business.\" The short, simple reply was effective: she immediately whips her head back and stares at me with hurt. Then as her head turns back forward, I see tears welling up in her eyes. Of course, the truth to that question wasn't much. Tony and I had treated each other exactly the same this night as any other night. The only difference was that we had to endure it for three hours, when we usually only took doses of each other an hour at a time. I reflect back to the night, which was both uneventful yet extremely weird. \"Is she coming soon?\" I look at Tony, who is lazily sprawled out on the armchair. \"No one picked up.\" He turns his head in interest, raising his eyebrows in question. I shrug, indicating that I have no idea where they could be. Maybe they were out searching for me? Tony sighs, leaning his head back on the chair. \"And of all the nights your parents picked to have wild, passionate sex, it had to be this night--\" \"Ugh, Tony!\" I yell, covering my face in an attempt to cover the burning image of Aaron and my mom in bed together. But after a pause, I laugh anyway, just because the thought of them having sex instead of worrying about me was amusing in itself. Encouraged by amusement, Tony takes that as a sign that I was egging him on. He starts making groans and sighs in an imitation of my mother have an orgasm. I take a couch pillow and throw it as hard as I can at his head, but it pathetically misses by inches, showing just how well my coordination was. He tuts at my bad aim, picks the pillow and swings the pillow with such force that I think it would knock me off the couch--so I flinch out of the way. But when I look up, the pillow was still in his hand and he was laughing. He made me flinch on purpose. I roll my eyes and return to my position on the couch. I hated just sitting here in his living room. For the next hour I refuse to laugh at his attempts to make fun of the Twilight Zone by dubbing over the voice. After awhile he gives up and we begin arguing over stupid trivial matters (not because we wanted to, but because it was the only way to kill the boredom. The arguments ranged from whether Leia should end up with Luke or Han (\"She and Luke kissed twice!\" was my sole argument), to whether marijuana reduces a male's sperm count (\"You can't ignore scientific fact, Alva\" -- \"I can and will\"). The night was pretty amusing, even fun at some points, because Tony could have a sense of humor as well. We eventually pull up in the driveway. Because the lights are on, I'm guessing Stacy is inside, still buzzing over the excitement the party had to offer that night. My thoughts drift to what Lily was doing, and whether things worked out for her tonight between her and Stacy. I would have to wait till tomorrow before calling her, and even then I was guaranteed to be grounded by my mom.[Chapter 10] Infinish tying the ponytail around my hair and turn on the sink faucetnto splash a handful of cool water in my face. Someonenbangs at the bathroom door, startling me. \"C'mon, Red, we haven'tngot all day!\" yells Rhonda, \"lets go!\" \"Justna second!\" I say hurriedly. I fumble for my apron, tie it around mynwaist and fling open the bathroom door to face Rhonda's irritatednface. \"It'snabout damn time,\" she snaps. \"You have four tables waitin' onnyou, get to work.\" Inmove passed her, grab the nearest pad of paper I can find and head tontable three. \"I want two eggs, over easy,\"nrambles the customer, \"with little bits of bacon sprinkled onntop--\" \"Wait, sir,\" I interrupt thencustomer, who gave me an impatient glance. \"I'm sorry, but thenbreakfast menu is closed. It's lunch time.\" I point my pen tonthe clock on Venice Noodle Company's wall, which read 1:23. \"Are you telling me I can't ordernsome eggs and pancakes?\" the man asks, clearly annoyed. Behindnme, I hear chatter at the Z-boys table slow down. They were watchingnthe interaction between me and the customer. \"I'm sorry, sir, but no, youncannot. At this time, the menu will only be serving lunch and dinnernmeals.\" \"What kind of shit is that,\"nhe mumbles under his breath. \"Alright, I'll have the special.\" \"French onion soup? Alright, sir,nI'll be right out with your order.\" After scribbling down his order, I tucknthe notepad in my belt and head to the back room, passing the Z-boynbooth on my way. Sid does a wolf-whistle as I pass by as a joke, butnthe old couple in the booth behind him take it offensively. \"Young man, that's no way to treatna lady!\" I grin and hand the slip of paper innthe back for one of the chefs to take. Ronna passes by with ancigarette in her mouth. \"Booth four, honey, they askednspecifically for you.\" I nod and head back to booth four. \"Welcome to Venice Noodle Company,nhow may I serve you today?\" I ask in the fake cheery voice,ncausing Stacy to chuckle. I give dubious looks all around thentable. From left to right, they were all seated in this order: Sid,nLily, Stacy, Peggy, Tony and then Jay at the other end. I had a badnfeeling that they were going to get me in trouble, so perhaps I couldnget away with playing dumb and pretending not to know them. \"Yes,\" says Jay in a loftynvoice, I can tell he was doing an impression of the customer at tablenthree. I try hiding my smile. \"I would like two eggs with littlenbits of bacon sprinkled on top.\" I play along. \"I'm sorry, sir, butnwe don't serve slummers such as you. You're going to have to leave.\" \"Ouch. Okay, what if I provide...nsexual deeds to the staff in exchange for the food?\" He liftsnhis eyebrows up suggestively. \"I don't think they serve malengigalows either, Jay-man,\" smirks Sid. He turns to me. \"Hey,nI'll give you fifty percent tip if you flash us your assets?\" \"Tempting, but I'll have to pass,\"nI roll my eyes. \"Come on, guys, start ordering or I'll looknincompetent.\" \"I think I speak for everyone herenwhen I say six burgers, six cokes, with a side of french fries fornall,\" says Sid. \"Speak for yourself,\" speaksnup Lily. \"I want a chicken soup and a lemonade, thanks.\" Sid stares at Lily. \"What are you,na vegetarian?\" \"If she was a vegetarian why wouldnshe be ordering chicken soup?\" I say while scribbling down thenorders. \"What do you guys want on your burgers?\" \"The usual,\" says Sid. Stacy,nPeggy and Jay nod in agreement. I look up at Tony for his agreement.n\"Pickles, lettuce, tomato, mayonnaise and a side of cucumber.\"nJay snorts. I know Tony was only saying those things to make my jobnharder. \"No problem,\" I say darklynand walk away. Five minutes later, I came out withntheir cokes and lemonade, and then I gave Lily and the man at tablenthree their soups. After I jotted down orders for two other tables, Ingave the five burger meals to their booth. \"So hows my job paying you?\"nasks Stacy jokingly, as I set down his plate in front of him. \"Your job? It's not my fault thatnyou weren't good enough for Venice Noodle company.\" Lily laughs. \"Excuse me, Stace,nbut this was supposed to be my job. Eden stole it from me.\" \"Yeah right,\" says Stacy.n\"The only reason she got it was because I didn't know up for thentraining session thing.\" \"Ooh, so you were one of thenidiots who forgot to show up. I wonder who the other one was.\" \"I didn't forget. I just didn't gonbecause I didn't want to hurt Eden's feelings.\" \"Aww,\" coos Jay. I set downnthe last plate, and with a satisfied nod I started away. However,nTony's voice cut in. \"Hey!\" I look at hisnexpectantly. \"I asked for mayonnaise.\" He says, lifting upnthe bun to indicate there was no mayonnaise. Jay sniggers and Peggynshakes her head. I grab Tony's plate forcibly out of his hands andnhead to the back. \"Don't be such an ass, T.A.,\"nsays Peggy. \"That was a bad idea,\" agreesnLily. \"She'll spit on your burger.\" As I disappear into the back withnTony's plate, I hear him calling me back, after Lily pointed out thatnI could spit on his burger. But since there were workers all aroundnthe kitchen area, I wouldn't be able to carry out Lily's idea, so Infound a jar of mayonnaise and spread it on. When I emerged again andnhanded the plate to T.A., he stares at it warily and sets it down onnthe table without touching it. I smirk, having my revenge on his wasnfun, even though I didn't technically do anything, I still spoilednhis trust in his meal. \"Your break is up, Eden,\"nRonna tells me after ten minutes. I decide to join the booth ifnthey're all still there. When I get there, most are finishing thenmeals and working on the giant trey of fries in the middle. I slipnoff the apron and slide into the booth next to Sid, squashingntogether Stacy and Peggy, who were stuck in the middle. Sid and Jay were in the middle of answord fight using their forks and knives, which I endured for anothernfive minutes until I snapped and told them to stop it. They obligednwhen I threatened to ignore them for the next two weeks. Surprisinglynit worked. \"Sid, dude, shouldn't you be atnthe shop working as Skip's little monkey?\" joked Tony. \"Hownmuch does he pay you again?\" \"Sid works for free,\" saysnSid, speaking in third person. \"Sid thinks it's unfair that thenfinancial situation is so tight at the shop, and Sid thinks Skipnneeds all the help he can get.\" \"Eden thinks Sid is sweet,\" Insay. \"So sweet that Eden will go downnon Sid?\" asks Sid with a wide grin. \"I'm not that generous, Angaro,ncalm down,\" I reply bluntly. \"Wait, then who's foot is that?\"nHe peeks down underneath the table, I couldn't tell if he was jokingnor not. After Sid paid for the meal, Stacy,nTony, and Jay all found a bus to ride along the back on theirnskateboards. Meanwhile, Sid went to Skip's shop to work, and thenthree girls were left to chit chat in the diner as they finishedntheir booths. \"When are you going out with mynbrother already?\" I ask Lily when the topic of boys crop up. Lily flushes and sinks into the booth'snseat. \"He's going out with Kathy Alva, didn't I tell you?\" \"Oh, sorry.\" \"There are plenty of other fish innthe sea,\" says Peggy wisely. \"Hell, you're surrounded by annentire group of hormonal teenage boys, you can have your pick fromnthem.\" I scrunch my nose. \"But Lily canndo so much better than that. Pretend for a second that she did go outnwith a Z-boy, which one would it be?\" Both Peggy and I turn our heads to Lilynfor an answer. \"I dunno. Jay's kinda cute,\" She surprisesnme. When did she think Jay was cute? \"But I don't think he likesnme very well. I'm a Val, obviously.\" \"So is Sid, and they're bestnfriends,\" says Peggy. \"But I think you're right, Jay's gotnhis heart set on someone else.\" Her squinted black eyes land onnme. I choke on the lemonade I was sipping,nthen after recovery, I raise my eyebrows at Peggy. \"Dude, it's kind of obvious henloves you,\" says Peggy. \"Yeah, well, he's way younger thannme.\" \"What are you talking about?\"nasks Lily. \"He's at least a year older than you.\" \"Psychically, yes. But mentally?\"nI shake my head. \"No offense, Eden, but if you'rengoing on maturity level alone, you won't see a boy in a looong time,\"nsays Peggy. \"You're, like, at least five years older than yournactual age.\" \"That's not true,\" I try tondefend myself. \"Remember, just the weekend I got in trouble bynmy mom for those missing three hours. I still make stupid decisions,noccasionally.\" I kept the fact out that it really wasn't anstupid decision on my part, it was just something that happened thatnI couldn't control. I had to make it seem like I was normal. \"Where were you, anyway?\"nasks Lily suspiciously. \"I mean, you were gone from midnightntill three, it's kind of weird how you just went missing for thosenthree hours.\" I sigh, bracing myself to tell themnwhat happened. I had been putting it off when it came to that night,nbut now they had me cornered. \"Stacy's car broke down while Inwas dropping off T.A., so I had to stay at his house until my parentsnpicked me up.\" Peggy burst out laughing, while Lilyngapes at me in awe. \"You were at Tony's house for three hours?\"nasks Lily. \"What did you guys do there?\" I cringe, remembering the same tone ofnvoice my mom took when asking me the same question. \"Nothing, we just sat aroundnwaiting.\" After calming down, Peggy asks, \"Butnyou guys had to talk, right? I mean, you didn't just sit there silentnthe entire time.\" \"Yeah, we talked. But it was aboutnthe usual stuff. It's not like we got along\" \"So there wasn't like, any sexualntension?\" asks Peggy with a grin flitting her lips. \"Shut up, Peggy!\" I yell overnthe new bursts of laughter that was coming from her. \"It wasn'tnlike that at all. The only thing that came close to sexual tensionnwas when he went into the other room to brush his teeth.\" \"How does that constitute asnsexual tension?\" asks Lily, confused. \"It doesn't, Lily, that's exactlynwhy I said it. Tony Alva and I don't mix, period. He's a cockynasshole.\" \"You know,\" says Peggy, \"ifnI didn't know better, I'd say you and T.A. are made up with nothingnbut sexual tension. I mean, all those arguments? Those gotta bellynsomething deeper, like certain unwanted feelings of attraction.\" I glare at Peggy, liking her less andnless by the second. \"There is nothing going on, so you can justnforget it.\" \"Hey, who wants to go down to PaulnRevere middle school?\" asks Lily, wanting to break the tension.n\"I heard the guys are going there to skate later on so we couldnhang out, watch them.\" Normally I would have said no, but Inwas still reeling in anger at Peggy that, without thinking about whatnLily was asking, I say, \"Yeah, whatever.\"[Chapter 11] Chapter 11. Algebra is the Root of All Evil We reach the sidewalk outside the fence of Paul Revere middle school. Peggy starts climbing the fence, while Lily and I stare at each other dubiously. Behind the gate, all the Z-boys are there and begging for the skateboard that Skip was holding. \"Who's got bad karma?\" slurred Skip, keeping the board just out of reach. \"I've got the worst karma, Skip!\" \"Right here, Skip!\" \"What the hell are they talking about?\" I grin. Along the fence, I see an opening. There, I peel the fence upward enough for me to squeeze in through. I hold it up for Lily to follow. After she climbs through, we walk down the sidewalk and sit down on a bench next to a picnic table. Tony finally snatched the board away from Skip's grasp and rambled something in Spanish. After a fleeting backward glance at the picnic table I was sitting at, Tony lays the skateboard down and takes off on the pavement. All the boys surrounding Skip stare in awe at the moves Tony pulls off. He seems to have more agility than I've ever seen him with before. \"What's the big deal?\" asks Lily. \"It's just a regular skateboard.\" \"No it's not, dude,\" says Stacy. \"Those are urethane wheels!\" (Someone in the background says, \"You're a what?\"). Stacy continues his happy rant. \"They grip a hell of a lot better than clay wheels.\" \"So,\" I cut in, \"this is like a step up from the crappy hand-made skateboards you guys make all the time?\" \"Yeah!\" says Stacy with a dorky tone of voice. \"This'll change skateboarding forever.\" \"Gnarly, bro,\" I say sarcastically, watching as Tony slides to a grinding halt and passes the board to Red Dog. \"Yeah, Red Dog, hit it!\" \"Ride it like a wave, man!\" \"Hey, Stace,\" says a sickly sweet behind us. Out of the corner my eye, I see Lily tense up. Kathy wraps her arms around Stacy and gives him a quick kiss on the cheek. \"Hey, Kath,\" he says, blushing. Lily clears her throat and scoots further down the bench to distance herself from Stacy and Kathy. I'm caught between laughing and feeling bad for my friend. I decide to try to cheer her up by making a fool of myself through attempting to skateboard. I had only skateboarded once, and that was long ago, so I was a little more than rusty and likely doomed to fail horribly. I grab a tiny, beat up wooden skateboard discarded on the floor, set it down and begin skating down the road. Noticing, Lily giggles and says, \"What are you doing?\" I lose my balance and wiggle in the air in the moment before regaining my composure once more. \"It looks like you're in mid-seisure,\" laughs Lily. \"That's the point, I'm trying to be a damsel-in-distress.\" I turn back around and start skating faster. To my surprise, I'm able to pick it up quickly, as quickly as I first learned to skateboard. I wasn't remarkably good, but I was around Sid's range (and Sid was the worst on the team, poor kid). Jay, seeing me, grins and starts circling me on his own skateboard to block me from going anywhere. \"Jay, what are you doing?\" I ask, annoyed. \"Being an ass. Is it working?\" \"You pull that off even without trying, Adams.\" I say playfully, placing a foot on the asphalt so I'm not standing awkwardly on the board anymore. \"Seriously, cut it out, you're making me dizzy.\" Jay slows down and says, \"You can't even skate. What are you doing?\" Under my breath, I look behind me and quietly say, \"I was just trying to make Lily laugh. She's not too happy right now.\" Jay saw behind me what I was talking about, with Kathy and Stacy excessively flirting with one another. Smirking, Jay says, \"It'll last a month, tops.\" I stare at him in surprise. \"What, the relationship?\" He nods, then starts doing nose wheelies on his skateboard. In the middle of a turn, I see that on the back of Jay's shirt collar, a paper tag is haphazardly sticking out. I had a horrible pet peeve for shirt-tags, having already cut out all the little paper tags in my entire collection of shirts. \"Jay, you've got--\" \"What?\" He says, looking up. I sigh and step forward to fix it for him, since it's likely that he'd just laugh in my face if I pointed it out. I reach near the back of his neck and feel for where the tag is. Jay straightens up abruptly, and I feel a set of goosebumps erupting on the back of his neck where I was touching. I feel my cheeks burning crimson. But as soon as I find the tag and tuck it in, a force crashes in between us, effectively pushing my arm off and pulling me farther away from Jay. Startled, I look around to see who or what had collided in between us; I see the back of Tony's figure as he propels down the asphalt on a board. Jay innocently grins and shrugs in response, but I'm too angry to respond. Jay gets on his board again and takes off after Tony, screaming insults at him in a joking manner. \"Fucking faggot, get back here!\" \"Hey, Ed?\" asks Lily. \"Can we get out of here? I'm getting kind of sick of this.\" \"I was just about to say the same thing.\" I tap my pencil against the blank notebook page. After Lily and I said our goodbyes, we went our separate ways. She convinced one of the boys (Sid) to go with her to the local theater so she can watch some horror flick. Now I was back at home, holed up in my room because I didn't feel like doing my homework in the same room as my mom or Aaron; I was still mad at them ' 1. Write your own Algebraic equation to solve.' was the first problem on the worksheet . I take the pencil and begin scribbling down the quickest answer I could think of: If A likes B, but B is dating C at the time, and B's friend D is confusing B's sister E, then what is the value of DxE? And the hell is F's problem with E anyway? F is an ass. I reread the run-on sentence over, cringing at how stupid it looks. If I were to actually submit this, I would probably fail the rest of the semester. It read like a synopsis to an episode of Days of Our Lives. The sad thing is, each letter represented somebody in my life. I was the pathetic E, stuck in the middle of it all. AN: I actually had a lot of fun writing this chapter. Especially with Eden skateboarding and the \"algebra equation\"--if you can call it that. Below is the key to understand the equation: A: Lily B: Stacy C: Kathy D: Jay E: Eden F: Tony[Chapter 12] AN: Mr. Ryan is actually based off my real Health/PE teacher, who I had for my freshmen year. I like him, but of course Eden isn't going to like because because he doesn't follow standards. One last thing, the thing that Lily mentions about gym (the dodgeball game) happened to me in real life. (Tear). It's stored in my database as my most embarrassing gym moment. Chapter 12. Stacy's Blow I sit uncomfortably at my desk, waiting for the school bell to ring. Usually I enjoyed most of my classes, but Health was the one exception. It was the easiest class I've ever had, and because it's easy I'm bored to tears all the time. \"So,\" says, Mr. Ryan, chomping loudly on his gum. He stares out over the rest of the fifteen-year-olds inhibiting the classroom, while swinging the whistle hanging around his neck, out of habit. Gym teachers are always also your Health teachers. He taps his finger against the chalkboard, where barely legible writing was written in yellow chalk. \"Copy this schedule down, because in two weeks this is how your Wednesday is gonna go.\" I don't bother raising my hand, when asking, \"What's on Wednesday that we have to change the schedule for?\" The reason why so many students liked Mr. Ryan, and I didn't, was that he wasn't at all anal like other teachers. We didn't have to raise our hands, we didn't have to turn in homework on time, and we didn't have to spit out our gum. \"Wednesday, the juniors are taking their S.A.T.s,\" says Mr. Ryan. \"So, as you can imagine, we're changing around the schedule to fit their needs and the rest of the school's needs.\" I raise my eyebrow at how oddly his sentenced was phrased. Do not roll your eyes at the teacher, Eden, do not. After the class copies down the schedule on the board, Mr. Ryan rants on in an unprepared lesson about human anatomy. I don't even bother taking notes, instead just committing everything to memory because that was how simple the curriculum was. Finally, the bell rings, ending the last class of the day. I remember the SAT guide that I had picked up at the office at the beginning of the year. I knew it would eventually come in handy, and now I could give it to Stacy for him to study, since test-taking wasn't his strongest suite. While aimlessly strolling the hallway, I diligently search my book bag for the blue pamphlet. \"Gym should be illegal,\" states a voice next to me. I look up to see Lily, sweaty and exhausted, joining my pace down the hallway. \"You just came from P.E.?\" \"Yes,\" she says grimly. \"And we played dodgeball today. I was the last person to survive on my team, so naturally, everyone ganged up and pelted the balls at me.\" \"Vicious,\" I say, trying to conceal my smile. \"Do you want a ride home today?\" \"No thanks,\" she shakes her head. \"My parents are picking me up again.\" After we depart, I meet Stacy in the parking lot. He waves goodbye to his friends, who would all rather ride their skateboards around town than go home to do homework. Stacy switches on the radio as we back out of the high school's parking lot. A news broadcast comes on. \"With no end to the drought in sight, authorities have announced that emergency measures will be taken for water rationing systems.\" \"Whoa,\" says Stacy, genuinely surprised. \"There's a drought in California? That sucks.\" \"Yeah, it looks like your dad will have to find a new pastime, other than watering his lawn.\" Stacy smiles, but it quickly disappears into a thin line, because he's realized something. \"But this isn't good for us. The ocean will just keep getting flatter, until we won't even be able to surf everyday anymore.\" \"I only surf on the weekends, so that's only bad for you.\" \"Yeah, but what if on the weekends it's flat then too.\" I shrug, trying to ignore the sinking feeling in my stomach. \"I'll find something else to do. And you'll have plenty of time to study for the S.A.T.s.\" He groans, flipping his head against the car seat. Stacy was staring up at the cloudless, blue sky in admiration. Meanwhile I was spitting out a piece of stringy seaweed that had caught in my mouth. \"Come on, Stacy, are we gonna surf or are we gonna sit on our boards?\" I say after the gross salty-green taste leaves my mouth. \"Let's paddle already.\" He finally tears his eyes away from the skyline and flashes me his pearly white smile. I lean in close to my surfboard and then stroke through the waves. I hear Stacy paddling behind me. \"It's a little flat today,\" remarks Stacy. \"But that's okay, I think it'll get better once the wind picks up. The weather man says it's supposed to be a perfect day for surfing.\" \"Just the other day you were talking about that drought,\" I remind him. \"Maybe it's that?\" \"Oi!\" a voice calls in the distance. I spin my head and see the curly-haired head of Tony, along with some older locals floating on their surfboards. \"You better not get in my way again, Peralta! This isn't no drowning contest.\" \"God,\" I mutter to Stacy. \"He just loves pissing me off, doesn't he?\" \"It's in his nature,\" says Stacy, trying to hide his smile. \"He ripped my head off the other day, just after Lily's party. You would've loved it.\" \"Hey, finally here comes a wave.\" I abruptly turn my board so it's facing the shore. As the wave behind us mounts, Stacy swims aside to give me some room. I fluidly go through the motions of the wave: paddling forward, popping up at the right moment, and dismounting once the wave is over. It felt good to be out on the ocean again, where all I had to do is concentrate on was the way my board flew with the wave. Stacy does the same when another wave comes. He surfs much better when he's off pressure. Whenever Skip and his boys from the shop are around, Stacy always lets his nerves eat him alive, and half the time he bails on the wave he's pursuing. Because of it, Skip or any of the others didn't think Stacy was a good surfer. After we're done with our share of the waves, we meet at the shore. \"I guess we'll let Alva hog the rest of the waves for the day,\" I smirk. \"Jeez, Eden, you've been extra vicious toward him lately,\" says Stacy, moving his long wet hair out of his face. \"Something he did lately?\" I shake my head. \"I'm just sick of seeing him.\" We trudge through the sand until we reach Stacy's car. He takes care of my surfboard for me. \"So did you hear? Del Mar is hosting this contest for skateboarders. People from all over the country are coming here to compete. Skip wants to put together a skate team for it.\" \"Okay. Why, are you asking me to join or something?\" I say jokingly. He shakes his head with a nervous glint in his eyes. \"Stace, relax, you'll get on the team. Put it this way; if Sid, the worst skater around, gets on, then you have a guaranteed spot.\" He smiles to try to convince me he was okay. \"Thanks Eden.\" With that, he finishes putting the last strap to the surfboard on top of the car. However, before we can get in the car, the sound of wheels against asphalt is heard behind us. Suddenly Jay pops up from behind and pushes me playfully in the shoulder blades. \"Jay, what's up?\" asks Stacy. He shrugs, leaning his hand against the hood of the car. \"Uh, it's not looking so good, man.\" \"Not true, dude,\" says Stacy, shrugging while staring out at the ocean. \"There's an occasional set. It's really not that bad.\" By the expression on Jay's face, I could tell that he wasn't talking about the waves. He had worse news. \"We were up at the Zephyr shop yesterday,\" continues Jay, \"with Skip and everybody...\" My stomach sinks, as I realize that the one thing I assured to Stacy wouldn't happen, did. \"And so... Tony got on the team, right? And Sid and Peggy and Biniak... Red Dog and Shogo.\" \"What about you?\" \"Yeah, I got on... Sorry, bro.\" I stare at Jay. He didn't seem so broken up about it. Then I wait for a reaction from Stacy, who's now glaring out at the ocean. I motion to Jay that now would be a good time for him to leave. As he takes off down Bicknell Hill on his skateboard, I approach Stacy, who now has his arms crossed and looks very upset. \"Stace,\" I start gently, after a minute of silence. \"It's just a team. What should it matter, when in three years from now you'll be famous and surfing the world professionally? They'll totally regret it.\" Stacy gives me a sharp glare, startling me. \"It's not just a team, Eden! It's the one thing I'm good at. Skating and surfing are my life, I've been doing this since I was a kid. And for Skip to just say, 'no, sorry, you don't got the pirate spirit' just shatters my entire dream. You have no idea how it feels.\" I've never seen him this upset and angry. \"I'm sorry, Stace. You're right, I don't know how it feels. But... do you even hear yourself?\" He finally stops glaring at the sea to stare at me, confused. \"Why should someone like Skip stop you just because he says you can't? I mean, I get why everyone respects and admires Skip, but if you're just going to let him, or anybody else for that matter, stop you from pursuing your dream, then maybe you don't deserve it. I thought you knew better than that, Stace.\" I bite my tongue to stop myself from further speaking, unsure of whether I had made the situation better or worse. Like all the other guys, Stacy really looked up to Skip. It was always a bad idea to undermine him like I just had. To my relief, Stacy nods and suddenly looks hopeful again. \"You're right, Ed. I don't need Skip to skateboard. I can make it on my own.\" \"Good for you,\" I smile, gently shoving his shoulder. \"You don't need Skip or Del Mar.\" Stacy releases a breathy laugh, sending me a meaningful look. \"Who says I'm not going to Del Mar? You don't need to be on a team to enter.\" The smile wipes off my face. Oh no.[Chapter 13] NEW AN: Argh! Ok, I'm having serious issues with this chapter, this is the second time I've had to delete it to repost it. I'm sorry it's not a real update, there's just something odd with the formatting that I keep trying to fix. Anyway, I'm taking a brief break from the story because during the month of July, I'll be extremely busy. I hope to update once during July if I'm lucky. And then by August, my schedule will be back to normal and I'll be able to update more frequently! Chapter 13. Skip Called Me Bro The car's horn sounds off in the driveway. I hear Aaron bellow my name from below. \"COME ON, Stacy's waiting for you!\" After pulling on a pair of vans shoes, I sling my red backpack, which contains a water bottle and some books, over my shoulder. Sprinting downstairs, I meet Aaron, in mid-yawn, as he sits in the living room's armchair while watching television. Another loud honk from outside startles me. \"It's about time,\" snaps Stacy impatiently when I emerge from the house. As expected, Stacy is nervously pacing the driveway, with the same sour mood he has in the morning every day. I wordlessly toss the backpack into the backseat, where Stacy's skateboard was lying. Then while Stacy and I got into the car, he asked me whether Lily is coming too. Shaking my head, I say, \"Her parents won't let her. At 1 o'clock, we arrive at Del Mar. The place is packed with skateboarders from around the country. Stacy had trouble driving through the parking lot, because there were so many people there practicing their moves for the competition. I bite my lip to hide the smile that grew: I couldn't help but notice that the competitors didn't at all skate like Stacy or his friends did. They all had 60's paradigms of skateboard styles. When it came down to it, Stacy and the Zephyr team would be the only guys here who'd have the surf style. Right before I step out of the parked car, Stacy lightly grabs my shoulder. \"Hey, if you see any of the Zephyr team, don't let them know we're here. I want my run to be a surprise for them.\" I nod and we get out. Stacy and I join one of the endlessly long lines at the entrance. When we finally reach the front table, Stacy tells the officials his name and other information required. They assign him a number and hand him a slip of paper with string attached to it, for him to wrap around his neck. At the bleachers, Stacy points across the flat, wooden platform at Skip's team. I strained my eyes and see Sid, who was looking the most nervous because he wasn't the best on the team. The other boys didn't look nervous at all. They were all energetic and pugnacious. Most of them were currently leering at the current competitor on the platform, Ty Page. Stacy and I watch Ty Page's round—he has the kook style. \"Up next,\" the speaker announces, \"is Jay Adams, riding for Zephyr Skateboards.\" The background soundtrack switches from the lighthearted 'Sidewalk Surfing' song to Black Sabbath's 'Iron Man'. This was without a doubt Jay's choice in music. Many of the crowd's spectators look around, finding the music choice strangely inappropriate. \"And here we go for Jay Adam's run.\" Jay launches off onto the platform with his skateboard, and doesn't hesitate to show the crowd his innovative moves. Everybody simultaneously gapes at Jay. The Zephyr team encouragingly cheers for him. After doing some nose wheelies and berts, Jay must have spotted my redhead in the bleachers, because he suddenly smiles and does one of my favorite skateboarding moves, a Bertleman cutback. Impressed, the crowd cheers and collectively claps to Jay's skateboarding. At one point, he even jumps off the platform with his skateboard, making the girl's at the end of it flip out. However, across the platform, the judges aren't as enthusiastic. They eye Jay with uncertainty as they whisper to themselves. The speaker, similarly, didn't know how to commentate for Jay's skateboarding: \"Um, here with Jay Adams…. Doing these low… low driving turns…. He's now hopping up in the air three or four inches. I don't even know what to call that… Never seen it.\" I give Stacy a worried look, before standing up and climbing down from the bleachers to make my way toward the judges table. I had to hear what they were saying about Jay. On my way, I pass the Zephyr team. \"Eden!\" shouts Sid, making half the team turn their heads. \"You're here! Did'ya come to watch us?\" I smirk, \"Sure, Sid, I drove the four-hour drive here just to watch you skate.\" Sid grins goofily, unaware of the sarcastic tone I had. I find the judge's table just in time to hear their assessment of Jay. \"He didn't do a single wheelie. He didn't do a single compulsory trick,\" mutters one. \"Well, you gotta give him a score.\" They hold up the score cards for the speaker to read aloud. \"Looks like two 7's and an 8 for Jay Adams, riding for Zephyr Skateboards—\" There are groans coming from the Zephyr team, and one of the boy's yell, \"BOO, you don't know how to judge!\" \"Next up, Tony Alva, riding for Zephyr Skateboards.\" \"Go T.A.!\" On my way back to the bleachers, Sid stops me to beg that I sit with them on the bench. With a nonchalant shrug, I squeeze in between where Jay and Sid are sitting. \"Nice run, Jay,\" I tell him when he stares at me with an unreadable expression. Unlike what happened to Jay, the speaker had a mouthful to say about Tony, who skated all over the platform, whipping out every fancy move he knew. \"Tony Alva, starting with some quick S-turns up onto the bank. Front side, power slide, and a very nice walking spinner. Another low-driving turn, touching his hands to the ground…. Here he comes toward the judges! Ends with an impressive low-driving 360. Great run for Tony Alva. Two 10's and a 9, the highest score of the day!\" Grinning, Tony energetically leaps off the floor and runs toward his team, receiving high fives and congratulatory shoves. He abruptly looks at me, as though expecting some sort of reaction. I only clear my throat and look back at the platform. After sifting through all the skateboarders alphabetically, the speaker finally gets to the \"P\" surnames. \"Up next from Mar Vista, California, an independent skater, Stacy Peralta.\" While many of the members, mainly Skip, are staring in shock, I stand up and loyally cheer Stacy's name. I'm joined by another voice, turns out to be Kathy Alva, his girlfriend. Stacy stares intently at the platform, then launches off his performance with a look of determination that reminded me a lot of Tony. \"Up, up, using the whole ramp, hands on the ground… And there's another one of those low maneuvers out of the pages of Surfer Magazine. Looks like he's winding up for some 360s: One, two, three, four, five! Five 360s, amazing, folks. We haven't seen that many all day! Back across the flat and there's his finish.\" Kathy reaches him first, giving him a hug. I follow her, and grab onto his blue Hang 10 shirt and say, \"I'll protest the judges if you don't get a trophy.\" Grinning like crazy, Stacy does his famous Peralta blush, making me laugh. His friends congratulate him the same way they did Jay and Tony. \"Two 10's and a 9, folks, which brings him into a first-place tie with Tony Alva.\" The grin on my face immediately falls off. But that's not the worst of news. A man with a mustache and a clipboard walks up to Stacy and tells him that he's disqualified. \"What?\" says Stacy, outraged. \"Disqualified, you're disqualified.\" \"Why?\" By now the entire Zephyr team was surrounding the man and Stacy, as were the families of other competitors. \"You touched the course,\" explains the official. \"That calls for disqualification—\" \"What are you talking about?\" I blurt out. \"Everyone touched the course!\" \"Read the rules, you're off the comp—\" To my surprise, Tony butts in and defends Stacy's place. \"Hey, man! Look, look. The dude tied me!\" He gave the same crazy glare that he'd given me whenever we were butting heads. The official doesn't respond well to it, because he leans in and gives Tony a scrutinizing glare, and quietly says, \"Can your dirty ass even read?\" Within milliseconds, Tony loses his temper, clenches his fist, winds back and punches the official in the jaw. The man falls to the ground, and blood spurts from his mouth. I stare down, making a face at the gruesome sight. \"Yeah, MAD DOG!\" \"Go T.A.! \"My dirty ass, right?\" yells Tony, as Stacy pulls him back to calm down. Tony seems ready to lunge back into the fight, but is prevented doing so when I grab the back of his blue shirt, and yank him off to the side so he can't cause anymore damage. \"What?\" he snaps. \"What the hell is the matter with you?\" I murmur angrily. \"You don't punch a official and get away with it! They're gonna have your head…\" He gives me a disgruntled look before turning his head back to the middle of the fray, where Skip has stepped up to the official, looking riled. \"That kid,\" the official points at Tony, \"is off the fairgrounds!\" Tony is too disbelieving and anguished to say anything. Skip speaks for him. \"Hey, cut these kids some slack, man!\" \"Slack?\" snaps the judge. \"What do you think you are, coming to our contest and pulling this SHIT!\" \"Pulling what shit, man? My boys are kicking are kicking your girls' asses! And what kind of shit is this, man? Every judge on the panel is on your payroll!\" Skip starts unbuckling his belt and whips it onto the floor. I try not to snort at how stupid the situation looked. \"Step up to the plate, man! You want it? C'mon, will it be all of you?\" Skip threateningly wields his belt to the onlookers, who flinch back. Then he abruptly softens and drops the belt. \"Ok, look, gone,\" he says, referring the the dropped belt. \"Look, man, these kids are at a tender age! They tense easily, okay?\" \"Your boy who punched my official is out!\" \"What?\" yells Tony angrily. \"Tony Alva's been disqualified!\" announces the speaker. \"Next up, junior women's freestyle.\" Tony finds a nearby trashcan to take his anger out on, throwing it to the ground as hard as he can. Skip runs out to console Tony. Stacy looks at me with sorry eyes and shrugs. \"Well, this sucks,\" Sid's voices his thoughts behind me. \"Pretty nice, huh?\" says Stacy, flashing Kathy his pearly white smile. She picks up the trophy and grins. I lean against the Le Baron, scowling, trying to ignore the tender moment being shared between Stacy and Kathy. It sickened me for no reason at all. \"Congratulations, Stacy. I'm so proud of you,\" coos Kathy. \"But I messed up,\" shrugs Stacy. \"What?\" I interrupt with raised eyebrows. \"You didn't mess up.\" \"No, I did,\" says Stacy. \"Did you see my cutback—\" A warm breath suddenly trickles down my neck. I turn around and back away a few inches when I find Jay abnormally close to my face. While I turn toward Jay, Stacy continues to explain to Kathy why he messed up in the background chatter. \"Hi Jay,\" I say, trying to hold back my laugh. Jay holds up his third place trophy like it was just a piece of metal. \"Look at this thing,\" his mumbles. \"Yep, it's pretty neat.\" \"I think it's made of, like… real gold.\" My laughter is cut off by the sound of a skateboard rolling up to us. Skip takes a drag of his cigarette and addresses Stacy. \"That's a nice ride, man.\" \"Thanks, Skip,\" smiles Stacy, clearly thrilled at having been complimented. \"So you look hungry, bro. We're gonna get some food. You wanna come with?\" Stacy tries to hide the flush in his cheeks, but I can tell he's excited. \"Um, I don't think so, Skip,\" he says, surprising both me and Kathy. \"I got plans.\" Skip gets on the of the board again and takes off. \"Well, suit yourself.\" Stacy gets into the car and beckons me to follow. Kathy and Jay find Skip's car for their ride. As Stacy puts the stickshift in gear, he looks at me and grins. \"Skip called me bro,\" he says, unable to contain himself. I look at him with disbelieving eyes. \"Skip called you bro?\" \"Yeah!\" he says, grinning like crazy. \"He said, 'you look hungry, bro'.\" \"Oh my god,\" I say in between laughs, amazed at his idiocy. \"You are such a tool!\" \"What?\" he defends, but he's still grinning because nothing can bring his mood down. \"Skip never calls anyone bro. It's an honor!\"[Chapter 14] AN: I rewrote it, yeah. Basically, I took out a huge chunk of dialogue, then I added two more scenes. It was just to make the story roll along more smoothly. But part of it was extremely awkward for to write. Mostly Jay, I have no idea how he would act in the situation I set him up in. Please read it, and review telling me if I could've done something better with Jay and how he approaches Eden (wow I'm giving a lot away here). Chapter 14. Pool-riding I stare at the Trig textbook. The Trig textbook stares at me. \"What are you doing?\" cuts in a voice, sounding very much on the verge of laughter. Stacy enters my bedroom, raised eyebrows directed at me. \"I'm trying to obliterate this book with the power of my glare,\" I explain as though it were the most obvious thing in the world. \"It's not working very well.\" \"I think you need to get out. All that reading has made your mind fuzzy.\" \"I can't,\" I groan, falling onto my bed. \"The stupid drought has sucked the water out of the ocean, if you recall.\" \"Me and my friends found an alternative to surfing,\" he says distantly, shuffling the pages of my Trig textbook around. \"And that would be?\" There's a pause in Stacy's speech. I instinctively lift up my head, knowing he was keeping something from me. By the way his face read that he was uncertain confirmed these suspicions. \"Stacy. What's the alternative to surfing?\" I prod. \"Well, you wouldn't really approve...\" he trails off. \"So never mind.\" He abruptly stands up and begins to exit the bedroom, but I immediately jump into action. Leaping up, I prevent him from leaving by grabbing the back of his shirt and yanking him backward. To my surprise, he collapses onto my bed. I guess I had used more force than I originally intended. Stacy is thinking something similar to this: \"Jeez, Eden,\" he says breathlessly. \"Are you taking steroids or something?\" \"Just answer the question, Peralta.\" With a grin, he sits up on my bed and faces me. \"Fine, fine. I'll tell you but, but you've got to promise not to get mad.\" \"I make no promises,\" I say, feigning haughtiness as I stick my nose up into the air. \"No really, you have to make the promise. Pinky swear and everything.\" \"What are we, in the third grade?\" I say with a roll of my eyes. \"Look, are you and your friends into hard drugs or something?\" \"No, of course not.\" \"Because if you are, I'll hurt you. Who's your dealer? It had better not be Biniak - that kid is so - \" \"Eden, no. But the thing that I did mention, it is illegal, in a way. We're, um, we're pool-riding.\" I give him a blank stare before saying, \"Stacy, you can't just make up words.\" \"I didn't make it up, it's a hyponen!\" \"You mean hyphen,\" I correct. \"Whatever. Long story short, we're breaking into people's backwards to skate their empty swimming pools.\" Silence. For the moment, I'm too speechless to yell or ask questions. The Z-boys did a lot of bad stuff, but this was completely new for them. But this idea of \"pool-riding\" admittedly sounded ingenious. Apparently, I was so busy being speechless that I hadn't noticed that Stacy had been rambling until now. \"... totally Tony's idea, not mind. But the first time we tried it, he used a girl's keys to get into the backyard. Anyway, you're welcome to come along, if you feel like it. But you can't tell anybody or else you'll probably get in trouble. And it's slightly dangerous. You're at risk of people calling the cops on you.\" After a few more moments of this, I finally give up on Stacy and stand up, gathering the textbooks into my backpack and slinging it over my shoulder. \"That all sounds fascinating ,\" I interrupt him. \"But I think I'll pass for now. I'm going over to Lily's - she's got air-conditioning and a butler.\" \"Huh,\" says Stacy, sounding astounded. \"You're taking this way better than I thought you would.\" \"Oh no,\" I reply. \"I totally and completely hate you guys for jeopardizing your futures. But I'm gradually learning to suppress my emotions.\" To tell the truth, I'm getting sick of playing the tug-of-war game with the Z-boys. Stacy smiles. \"Well, if you change your mind, we'll probably be in the neighborhood. Most of the pools are in Lily and Sid's neighborhoods anyway.\" \"Where the fudge is my camera?\" I send Lily a strange look. \"Did you really just say ' fudge '? It's alright, Lily, you can say curse words now, you're a big girl.\" I took the tone of an adult speaking to a child. Lily sighs at me. \"I can't, it makes me feel dirty.\" \"Then you have issues. And your camera is on your night-stand.\" \"Eureka!\" Lily grabs the camera off her night-sand and heads toward the closet. \"Do you want to see how I develop film?\" \"No, not particularly.\" She decides to contradict me anyway. \"Well, I think you do!\" her voices drifts in from the closet. \"You see, I've got some very interesting stills on my film reel. You'll want to see them.\" Sighing, I get up to follow Lily into the closet. Lily Bruinn has to be the only teenager on the planet to make a darkroom out of her walk-in closet. A red safelight filled the dimness of the closet, and a couple of treys filled with clear liquids were stacked on top of a shelf. Using a pair of tongs, Lily grabs a piece of photo paper out of the developer trey and clips it onto the string hanging from the ceiling. Then she grabs another, dryer, photo paper off the string and takes me back outside again. \"Here it is,\" she points out the developed photo. I see a picture of a gym track with some boys lounging the area. I quickly recognize two of them, Stacy and Jay. But more to the point, they were in PE uniforms: a gray t-shirt and ugly, short shorts. Lily and I simultaneously burst out into a fit of giggles. \"Almighty Lord!\" I claim aloud, trying to hold back my giggles. \"Lily, how in the world did you manage to get this?\" Lily shrugs, taking the flattery into stride. \"I have seventh period off, and I saw them on the track. They didn't realize I was taking their photo; it's why they look so brain-dead. Oh, and check this out.\" Lily points out Jay, who was sitting on the track asphalt with his legs spread-eagle and a brooding expression on his face. More specifically, she points at Jay's groin area. \"If you look close enough, from this angle you can see his ball-- \" \"LILY!\" I shove the photograph out of my face with a disgusted groan. Lily collapses in a fit of laughter. \"So - worth - it,\" she says in between shaky breathes. \"Your - face! \" \"Shut up,\" I grumble. \"It wasn't that funny.\" \"Yeah it was. Anyway, why do you got to be so squeamish? It's just Jay .\" \"Is this what you brought me over for? To assault the senses?\" \"No, I wanted to hang out, since we haven't done that in awhile. Except there's positively nothing to do,\" she says miserably. \"I'm sure we can think of something.\" \"What are the Z-boys doing?\" I snort, blowing a piece of red hair out of my eyes. \"The usual crap, probably. Vandalism, law-breaking, etc. Except...\" I remember the conversation me and Stacy shared earlier today. \"Stacy did mention something, it's stupid though.\" \"What?\" \"He said that they are starting to break into pools and skateboard in them.\" Lily's face breaks into an expression of extreme surprise. \"No way!\" \"Yep, they're that nuts.\" \"And they're doing it right now?\" \"Stacy said so. He even invited me, though I don't know why. It's not like I'd find anything useful out of watching them skateboard a pool back and forth.\" \"I dunno...\" mumbles Lily. \"It sounds kind of... fun.\" I pause in order to give Lily a cross look. In the tone a mother would scold her child, I say, \"Lily, no. We aren't - we're definitely not going.\" \"What?\" says Lily, acting innocent-like. \"I was just asking a question.\" After a moment of glaring on my part, she finally gives up her facade. \"Come on, Eden, it should be fun!\" \"No.\" \"Don't you want to know how they do it? How they 'skate pools'\" she mimes air quotes. \"I mean, I don't know about you, but I've never heard of anyone doing that kind of thing before.\" \"Like I care! I'm not going to risk my perfectly clean record just to watch a bunch of shirtless, pubescent bodies skidding against asphalt.\" Lily sighs. \"Do you even hear yourself? The shirtless, pubescent bodies skidding against asphalt is just the kind of fun we need! And what are the odds that we'll be busted by the cops? Everyone in the Valley have jobs to go to, none of them will even know the Z-boys broke into their backyards. Please, please, please?\" She gave me some puppy-dog-eyes, topped with a staged quivering lip. It was one-hundred percent fake, but somehow her efforts to sway me won me over. \"Fine,\" I sigh. Her face lights up. \"We'll just look around the neighborhood, and if they're nowhere to be seen, then that's that.\" \"Thankyou!\" Lily gives me a brief peck of the cheek before bouncing off her bed to put on a new set of clothes from her dresser. A few minutes later, me and Lily emerge from her house, arm-in-arm. We stroll down the block, with the scorching sun heating up our black and red heads. Lily, knowing each house that had a pool, checked those backyards by peeking over the fences. After the first block, we moved onto the second, and here is where I got unlucky. A brick house had loud, obnoxious voices emitting from its back. Lily walks up to the fence, tiptoeing to get a better view. Then she looks back at me with a smirk, and beckons like the devil. We open the back door and walk in, slowly trudging toward the direction the voices are coming from. The backyard has a spacious blue pool with a white picnic table at the end. And indeed, the Z-boys are infesting the area. Most sit around the pool, while others surrounded the picnic table. But my attention is immediately drawn toward the two figures which were spiraling inside the pool on boards. It was an odd sight, and it astounded me: I'd never seen someone skate as high up against the wall as they were. It seemed just like surfing waves, only the waves were made of concrete wall. \"Dudes, look who's here!\" Several heads turn as Lily and me make our way toward the pool. Although Lily doesn't have the same flabbergasted expression as me, she still looks quite intrigued with the situation. She doesn't revere the surfing/skateboarding scene as much as the rest of us. Lily sits down at the edge of the pool and rabidly watches Shogo and Red Dog circle the pool back and forth. For a minute, my feet are glued to the ground, I'm still processing the scene before me. A voice finally brings me out of my reverie. \"Hey, I didn't think you would come,\" says Stacy. \"I didn't plan on it,\" I reply distantly. \"Lily persuaded me to.\" Sid butts in, pumping out his chest in a comical manner. \"So you girls come out her to watch us skate?\" Lily snorts at his antics, very unladylike. \"Jay, show 'em that one move you did!\" Smirking, Jay grabs his board and begins to step forward, but before he even enters the pool, Tony cuts off his path and jumps in with his own skateboard. I'm reminded of dogs eagerly competing for its master's affection. \"Don't you feel weird, just standing in this house?\" Lily whispers to me. \"I mean, this isn't even our house.\" I glance over at the lonely housewife, who had been desperate enough to allow a bunch of teenage delinquents to skateboard her pool. She's smiling blithely as Sid massages her shoulders. I roll my eyes at Lily, she smiles. The housewife's daughter, Shell, a girl with long brown hair, walks in through the sliding glass door. A sweaty Jay and Tony follow her in. \"Michael!\" Shell barks, and her kid brother dashes in. \"Make Tony a sandwich.\" \"I can't believe them,\" I mutter to Lily, who looks just as disappointed. \"Excuse me,\" I say loudly to the woman, who's name I think was Marie. \"Where's your bathroom?\" She gives me a disdainful look. Basically, ' You're only here because you're with them ' look. \"Down the hall, first door to your left.\" When I get there, I have no problem snooping their their bathroom stuff. Marie has eight tubes of lipstick, four mascaras, several shades of eye-shadow, and God knows what else. The only thing I had was a case of chap stick in my pocket. I pick up the nearest tube of lipstick and carefully smear in on my puckered lips. Not a whole lot, but just enough to make me more appealing. Someone knocks the bathroom door. Thinking that it's Lily, I say, \"It's open.\" I'm surprised when Jay walks in. \"Jay. Do you need to use - ?\" He shakes his head. \"No, it's cool. I just came to get a towel.\" He slowly reaches the towel rack, which was hanging over the toilet. Meanwhile, I quickly smear the lipstick off my lips, feeling stupid. \"Hey, that kid is making grilled sandwiches,\" he says. \"You want one?\" I shake my head, continuing my perusal through the bathroom drawers. \"I'm leaving soon,\" I tell him. \"Lily pointed it out earlier; being in some guy's house is just creepy.\" I could feel Jay's green eyes bore into the back of my head, but I didn't dare spare him a glance. Instead I stare into the mirror at myself, the only comfortable place that I could look. Somehow the atmosphere had changed into something more personal, more intense, now that I was alone with Jay. Like a quiet before the storm. \"Then why'd you come?\" he breaks the silence. \"I don't know. Lily likes coming. It gives us something to do.\" I give him those choices to pick from. \"I think you do know,\" says Jay, leaning against the counter. \"I think you like watching us skate.\" \"It's alright,\" I shrug, feeling more uneasy by the second. He was acting strange . \"Have you been drinking?\" Out of the corner of my eye, I see a grin flitting across his face. \"No.\" \"Then stop acting weird--\" My mumble is cut short when I felt of pair of fingers start to softly caress my bare shoulder. I watch horrifically as Jay traces his fingers up to my head to tuck a red strand of hair behind my ear. I let out a strangled whisper, \"Jay.\" He drops his hand, still staring at me. \"What is it now?\" he asks, as though some other invisible barrier had walked in on his life. I begin, slowly, vaguely so that I don't have to outright say anything; I'd only imply it. \"Your friends, they told me some things... And I didn't know whether I should believe them or not, but now I'm starting to think they were telling the truth. Before you try anything, Jay...\" I finally muster up enough courage to face him and look in in the eye. \"Before you try anything, I'm letting you know now that I just want to stay friends.\" He turns a little angry, pursing his lips. \"That's some bullshit.\" \"Excuse me?\" I say, sounding accosted. \"Why don't you just come out and say it? You don't want to be with me.\" For a moment, I flounder in silence. Jay was being so direct, it scared me. \"What do you expect, Jay?\" I finally come up with. \"All of the sudden, without notice, you just start acting this way - \" \"Without notice?\" he raises his voice. \" Fuck , Eden!\" The impact of his words, the tone he had used them in, caused my mouth to fall open. \"I mean, shit, all my friends have probably told you by now about...\" \"What, and you expect me to believe the word of your friends ?\" I defend. \"If you wanted me to know something, then you should've told me from the start!\" \"Yeah, like I was gonna tell you,\" he says in a humorless laugh. \"If I'd done this half a year ago, you would've acted the same way you are now.\" \"Fuck you, Jay!\" I say, overcome with anger and embarrassment. \"I'm not that predictable!\" I say while reaching for the door knob. \"Then why don't you prove me wrong,\" he says quickly, before I can walk out. \"If you weren't so predictable, then right now you'd stick around and let me kiss you.\" The image of him kissing me briefly seeps into my thoughts. But just as soon as it came, it went away. I shake my head disgustedly at him. \"You're not going to dupe me into that, Jay.\" As I say it, a woman's voice drifts down the hallway. \"Is everyone okay in there?\" Just as Marie appears at the doorway, I move passed her and head for the front door. A man pulls up to the driveway when I get there. Red-faced, he walks out of the car and gives me a dirty look. \"Who the hell are you?\" Too angry to speak, I ignore him, stomping down the street, having a vague direction of where my house was at. The man must have figured I was his daughter's friend: he went inside the house. I know I probably should have warned everyone out back that the husband was home, but a part of me just really wanted to spite them all because of what Jay had said.[Chapter 15] AN: Sort of filler, but I had fun writing it nonetheless. As a reminder, I did rewrite the last chapter , and if you hadn't reread it, then do that now or else you'll be confused here. I don't own any Hendrix, I just luuurve his music. And the chapter title is kind of another tribute I have for him, so yeah. Chapter 15. Bold As Love A cool breeze licks the street I'm standing at. I stare up at the street signs: Peacock and Mexico Avenue. I had no idea where I was at or how in the hell to get home. I probably should have waited in Stacy's car until he got out, but I was in too much of a fit to wait around. I hear a car turn a corner and someone vaguely shouts, \"There's Eden!\" from within. Stacy's yellow-tinted Le Baron pulls up beside me, but instead of getting in the car, I continue walking. I know that if Stacy was in there, then Jay was in there too. A window rolls down and Lily sticks her head out the window. The car stays in line with my walking pace. \"Thank god, Eden! We were freaking out, because you weren't at the house when everyone bailed.\" \"I left early,\" is my only explanation. For a moment, Lily stares at me in wonderment. Then, \"Well, now that that's all over. You can get in the car now.\" \"Uh, no thanks,\" I say in an odd voice. \"I'll walk.\" Stacy and Lily exchange a perplexed look. I catch a glimpse of what's happening in the back: Tony and Sid are looking at me like I'm crazy, but Jay refuses to meet my eye, choosing to instead look out the other car window on his side. I was glad for it, I didn't want to make eye contact either. I would be too painful. Instead of letting me be, Lily refuses to drop the matter. \"But Ed, come on, it's like a two hour walk,\" she says. \"I need the exercise. Just this morning Stacy told me that I needed some sun.\" Stacy shrugs at Lily, who is more confused and irritated by the second. When Stacy asks her if they should just go, she stubbornly shakes her head and puts it out the window again. \"Eden, stop kidding around, get in the car.\" I don't answer, continuing my walk down the sidewalk. Tony rolls down his window to join in. \"Hey, we're on a schedule here, pendejo . Lets go!\" Tony mimes pointing at a watch on his wrist. Needless to say, this was ineffective in persuading me to go. Stacy knocks Tony in the shoulder, whispering, \"Shut up, you're making it worse.\" \"Eden, why don't you want to get in the car?\" Lily demands to know. \"What's up?\" I finally snap, twisting to face the car. \"Look, I just don't want your stupid ride, okay?\" The fierceness in my voice takes Lily aback. \"I just want to walk .\" Stacy leans over Lily in his seat. \"Eden, do you even know the neighborhood you're at?\" he asks, bringing up a very valid point. \"I mean, you could get lost. Come on, just get in the car.\" Knowing Stacy for so long, his voice had the ability of calming my inner turmoil when it needed to. I finally give in and get into the Le Baron. Sid and Tony start clapping and cheering like we had just gotten through a tough intervention. \"So what's going on?\" Lily turns to me and asks as Stacy pushes the car forward in acceleration. \"Why didn't you want to ride with us?\" Out of the corner of my eye, I see Jay hastily shift in his seat. \"Just something,\" I quietly shake my head. \"I'll tell you later.\" \"I think it's just that time of the month, dude,\" Sid offers up an explanation, earning a sharp glare from Lily. \"My mom, when she's menstruating, the only thing she'll drink for days is cranberry juice. And whenever we run out of cranberry juice, she takes it out on the dog. She whoops his ass.\" \"I hope I won't have to report them for animal abuse, man,\" smiles Stacy, going along with the joke. I let my head fall against the leather seat of Stacy's car. \"Will you idiots shut up?\" I softly ask the car aloud. \" Aaaand she's back,\" says Sid, sounding almost relieved. I turn on the radio, sifting for the right song I was feeling. A Hendrix song comes on, ' Bold As Love '. His voice blares, \" Anger! \" as the first lyric. It definitely felt right. \"So what was that all about?\" asks Stacy breathlessly, barging into my room without warning. \"I mean, you were acting way strange. You freaked me and Lily out.\" I prop up my pillow against my head, stalling as long as I could. \"Something happened at the house. Jay, uh... Well, me and Jay had a little episode .\" Stacy sits at the foot of my bed, listening with anticipation. \"He caught me alone in the bathroom. Things got a little carried away.\" A wave of seriousness swept over Stacy. \"What did you do? He didn't do anything wrong, did he? I should'a known, he was too quiet during the whole ride home!\" \"Relax, it's not that serious.\" \"He didn't... He didn't kiss you, did he?\" I could tell Stacy was getting worked up at the thought of this. \"No.\" I sigh, exhausted. \"But it came close to that. I told him that I wanted to be friends, and he just blew up in my face. I couldn't believe it. I couldn't believe him .\" Stacy lets out a relieved breath that he had been holding in, apparently glad that Jay could have done much worse to me. \"I think things will go back to normal for you two in a few days. Jay doesn't really hold grudges.\" \"I don't want it to go back to normal,\" I say, crossing my arms like a six-year-old. \"Jay was rude . I mean, he was yelling and cursing at me.\" Stacy surprises me when he shakes his head in a disagreeing manner. \"What did you expect, Ed? Jay has liked you for who knows how long? Since the first time you surfed the cove. That was like, several months ago. I think I'd be upset too if my long-term crush said no after months of pining.\" \"But that still doesn't give him the right...\" Stacy shrugs. \"Maybe it does. Look, I think you both may have overreacted. It's because you were surprised and he was ready. He knew eventually that he had to confront you about his crush, but you had no idea.\" I let his words sink in. They surprisingly made a lot of sense. A lot more sense than my previous logic. Suddenly, I felt guilty. But I was too stubborn to admit this aloud, even if it was just Stacy. I had to keep my pride intact. Even if it was an overwhelming pride, a blinding pride. The kind that would keep me from making good choices. I would not be the sniveling idiot who crawls up to Jay Adams and asks for forgiveness. I wanted him to crawl up to me first. He did owe me an apology after all. Right? The more I thought about it, the more I felt like a bitch. I tried justifying myself, saying Jay should have given me more warning, that he should have picked a more romantic spot to do it. Hell, anywhere but a stranger's bathroom would have been more romantic. Come on . But then the opposing side sets in. I remember Jay did drop little hints to me after all. He would inexplicably go out of his way to be nice. He even came close to kissing me one night, when I dropped him off at his house. And the bathroom thing was not planned. It was spur of the moment. Jay was not a planner, he probably had no intention of kissing me when he walked into that bathroom. Or did he? There was no way for me to tell for certain. The fact of the matter is, I still feel guilty about the whole thing. I couldn't just let it go, either. I had to mend things before they got worse. Just when and how was the question I had to consider. AN: Here are, once again, the poll questions, just in case some of you may have a change of heart: 1) Which character in the movie do you think I've portrayed the most honestly? 2) Which character do you think I've portrayed least honestly? 3) Where do you see this story ending? 4) Which pairing/s would you prefer for Eden? (as in romantic pairings) 5) Which pairing/s would you prefer for Lily? 6) How often do you think most fanfics ought to update? 7) Which was your most favorite chapter? 8) Which was your least favorite chatper? 9) What do you love most about this story? 10) What do you hate most about this story? 11) What was Eden's greatest moment? Or any other character's greatest moment in this fic?[Chapter 16] Chapter 16. Shattered and Shot Usually on Friday nights, I quietly sit at my desk, doing my homework and being the nice rule-abiding citizen I am. But on this Friday, something very peculiar happened. I got a phone call. And it wasn't like a horror-movie phone call where the Final Girl (who battles monsters) answers, and she hears something like, \"Have you checked the children?\" No, it went more along the lines of, \"Dude, I'm so wasted, come pick me up\" call. I pick up the phone and answer hello. The other side is static-y for a moment, but when I can properly hear the receiver's end, there's a Black Sabbath song blaring in the background. I hear a girl's voice mutter \"Oh ph -uck .\" \"Hello?\" I repeat impatiently, ready to hang up. \"Hey,\" responds the slurred voice. \"I feel like shit,\" she mumbles. With horrific realization, I recognize Lily's voice at the other end. \"Lily?... Tell me where you are.\" \"Um, I'm... ugh, I can't think with this music,\" she rambles. \"I'm at T.A.'s house.\" \"T.A.'s house?\" I repeat loudly. \"What the hell for?\" \"Sid, he invited me. Sid invited me!\" she repeats loudly just in case I wasn't able to hear. \"I need'ya to come... pick me up.\" \"For god's sake, Lily. I'm not a chauffeur for the drunk.\" \"But I'm your friend. I mean, right? I'm your friend.\" Now she sounded frightened at the prospect of me not being her friend. \"Please, come pick me up… Stop touching me!\" she must have been talking to somebody else at the part. \" Fucker !\" \"Alright, Lily, just stay put. I'll come and get you.\" \"Thanks.\" \"Stacy!\" I knock on his bedroom door, which had a surfer poster tacked to it. He invites me in and I enter, sitting down on his bed. Stacy was perusing his closet for something to wear. \"Tony threw another party. Shockingly . And I think there's something wrong with Lily, she sounds way drunk. I need to borrow the car.\" \"I can't,\" says Stacy. \"Sorry. I'm taking out Kathy tonight.\" I roll my eyes. \"Then what about Lily?\" \"She'll have to call her parents,\" says Stacy, finding a stripped Hang-10 t-shirt to put on. \"What if her parents aren't home?\" Stacy looks reluctant to say this, \"Then, she'll have to find another way. Tonight is for me and Kathy.\" \"Kathy must really have you wrapped around her finger,\" I say disdainfully. \"I mean, for you to prioritize a night with Kathy over Lily's safety-\" \"Will you stop trying to make me feel guilty?\" pleads Stacy. \"I feel bad about letting Lily to fend for herself, but she needs to learn this lesson on her own. Her friends won't always be there to bail her out, especially when she's been drinking.\" \"Sure. But Kathy – \" \"What do you have against Kathy anyway?\" \"What? Because I'm not, like, best friends with your girl, then automatically there's something wrong? I don't make friends with every girl I meet, Stace.\" \"Whatever,\" he mumbles, too busy to put effort in his argument. But I refused to let it go. Lily had sounded so helpless when she yelled for someone to stop touching her. I had a bad feeling about the party. \"Okay, how about a new proposition? I drop you guys off at your date, then I use the car for the party. Then later I'll pick you guys up. Deal?\" \"I'm okay with that,\" smiles Stacy. \"We're going to the movies.\" - \"You two have fun!\" I say in a fake cheery voice, which only Stacy is able to detect. \"Don't get into any shenanigans, ya hear?\" While Stacy shakes his head to tell me to stop, Kathy nods and smiles. \"Thanks for the ride, chica.\" The couple exit the car and head toward the line outside the theater. I pull out of the street and drive toward Tony's house. As usual, I find the rundown neighborhood Tony lives. His house has bright orange light emitting from it and ' Free Bird ' was playing. \"Figures,\" I mumble after I park, taking the keys out of the ignition. The house, unshockingly, is trashed. Beer cans and cigarette butts blanket the floor. Dogtowners swarm the living room and kitchen, swaying to the music. I decide to search the kitchen first, because that was where the phone was. Unfortunately, all I see are more teenagers, and a couple close to third-base on the tabletop. Making a face, I decide my best way to go was to ask around. \"Hey, Biniak, have you seen Lily? No? Sid! Where's Lily?\" \"Haven't seen her,\" says Sid. \"But she did look pretty wasted an hour ago. She couldn't even walk straight.\" \"Nice, Sid,\" I pat him in the back in a mock salute. \"Way to take the prerogative and help out a friend in need.\" Sid puts his hands up in surrender. \"Whatever, I was busy with a girl.\" When I send him a disbelieving look, he continues, \"Don't believe me? See for yourself.\" He points out a curvy, slightly husky Hispanic girl in the corner. \"She has this amazing set of – \" he cups his hands to his chest, as if words couldn't even begin to describe its beauty. \"Tell me if you do see her,\" I say in between chuckles. \"Hey Peggy!\" I yelp after spotting the petite Asian passing by. \"Have you seen Lily?\" \"Sorry,\" she shakes her head. \"You might want to ask T.A.\" I crank my neck, in search of a mane of wild sun-streaked hair in the crowd. That's when I catch Jay sitting on the couch, a beer in his hand, watching me. I quickly spin away, frantically searching for someone else I knew. For the first time, I was actually relieved when I see Tony sitting on the staircase, a girl wrapped in his arms. \"T.A.!\" I yell, breaking up the small make-out session. \"I need to talk to you,\" I give the girl a pointed look. \"Too bad, can't you see I'm busy?\" he says, irritated at having been interrupted by me of all people. He went back to nibbling on the girl's ear, she giggles and gives me the one-two, as if she were actually trying to make me jealous. That gave me an idea. \"But Tony !\" I let out a fake sob. \"I'm pregnant !\" I cover my face to cover up my shoddy acting job of a teary confession. \"I'm pretty sure it's yours!\" The performance was convincing enough for the girl, because she immediately stands up and dashes away, despite Tony's protests. He gives me a disgruntled look. \"This better be good.\" Almost immediately, I spot Lily slumped against the hallway wall, on the verge of unconsciousness. I kneel down beside her and repeat her name. She merely groans in response. Tony comes out of the bathroom with a wet towel and hands it to me. \"Jesus, she is trashed,\" I say, using the towel to wipe her wincing face. I pick up the beer cup and sniff the contents of it, before giving Tony a slow glare. He leans against the wall in faux nonchalance, trying to hide his shame through a shrug. It was refreshing to know that Tony had a human side to him, and no matter how self absorbed he could be he still felt bad about Lily's state of being right now. Lily utters another moan, her neck lops forward so I straighten it out against the wall again. \"Mommy?\" she asks in a broken voice, her eyes closed and her face recoiling. \"Far from it,\" I answer. \"Come on, lets get you out of here.\" I try to pick up Lily, but she was my size, only half an inch taller so she had to carry more weight. When I fail to pick her up off the wall, I look to Tony for help. We both pick up her shoulders from each side and head downstairs. At the base of the stairs, someone knocks me over and I lose my half of Lily, she stumbles against the wall. \"Hey, watch it!\" A voice spits in my ear. I face the culprit; a boy a head taller than me, even taller than Stacy, and Stacy was a six foot giant. Despite this, my temper fires out of control anyway, and I end up derisively imitating him with a Neanderthal type grunt, \" Ugh, watch it!\" As I glance at Lily, though, the boy forcibly grabs me by the arm and spins me around. \"What did you say to me, bitch?\" \"Let go of me!\" I try tugging my arm away from his pinching grip. \"Let go! \" \"First you apologize!\" he smugly demands of me, his alcohol-smelling breath seeping through my nostrils. \"Go to hell,\" I keep on pulling away, but he doesn't let go. Tony, who had been sitting Lily down on one of the stair's steps to keep her from falling, finally turns to the fray and intervenes. And much to my surprise, he sticks up for me. \"Hey man, hey man, chill!\" he tells the drunk, breaking his hand away from my arm. \"Look, you came here to party, not pick fights with chicks. Here, have a beer.\" Tony grabs the nearest cup, which happens to be the one Sid is holding, and shoves it into the guy's grip. Over Sid's protestant, \"Hey!\" the drunk guy gives me another dirty look. \"If I catch this little cunt lipping off to me again, she'll be down on her knees – \" But he was unable to finish, due to a sudden fist colliding into his jaw. A small crowd \"oohs\" and quickly makes some room for him as he falls to the floor. He sits up with a bleeding jaw and sneers at Tony, who was clenching his fist in pain. \"What the fuck , man?\" Before Tony can even reply, the guy leaps off the floor and lunges at Tony like an animal. Within seconds, they're both wildly kicking and throwing punching in a heated brawl. Not in the mood for this, I bravely kneel down on the floor and start to break them up by putting my arms between them and pulling each apart. It starts working, because Tony leans back and ceases the punches, but the other guy, whether he didn't know I was in the way or didn't care, accidentally socks me in the face while aiming for Tony. I fall back on the floor, my red hair flailing, and a wave of dizziness and disorientation hits me for a few seconds. Now the music turns off and everyone's mood goes somber. Everything is okay when it's a boy on boy fight, it's even entertaining with a girl on girl fight, but it's baaaad when a boy hits a girl. That was the general consensus at parties. Suddenly, members of the Zephyr team are at Tony's side, Jay and Red Dog and Biniak are the ones I can see; they are roughly shoving the guy out the door and telling him to stay the fuck out. Peggy reaches down and gives me a hand. I've never felt so loved by the Z-boys. \"How does that song go again?\" \"Lily, hold still,\" I grab for her hands, the same with a mother would grab her toddler's flailing arms. \"Not till you tell me the song,\" giggles Lily. I grab the seat beat and try to pull it around her, but her arms keep moving in the way, trying to block me. \"Here, I'll sing it for you. All the leaves are brooown, and the sky is greeeey, and the sky is greeeey - \" she was cut off by a hiccup. \"That's not a real song, Lil, that's you drunkenly ranting out of tune - \" \" Something something on a winter's daaaay... I'd be safe and warm, if I was in L.A! \" Fed up, I simply give up strapping a seat belt on her altogether. \"Hey Tony, what time is it?\" I ask, staring at Lily in disappointment. \"It's like, only eleven,\" answers another voice, definitely not Tony's. I look up, startled to see Jay, who was walking in a line on the sidewalk, a bottle of vodka in his right hand. \"Jay,\" my voice betrays my surprise as I stand up to face him. \"I thought you were...\" I look around and see that Tony has probably already returned back to the house. \"So what's going on?\" he says, stumbling a little. Either he was too drunk to still be mad at me, or he wanted to pretend everything was okay. Or both. But I didn't say anything immediately either, because my guilt wasn't as strong as it was a few days ago. In fact, my sorriness had thinned to a minimal amount. \"I'm just taking Lily home,\" I explain. \"She's pretty messed up.\" \"Oh. So you didn't come here to like, party or anything?\" \"Jay, since when do I party?\" He nods, as if to say 'good point'. \"Yeah, it's not like you to have any real fun.\" I stare at him in the dim-litted street. What was he getting at? \"I have fun. Plenty .\" He snorts derisively, disbelieving. I decide not to even bother arguing with Jay. I didn't have to prove myself to him. And even if I didn't have as much fun as I wanted, drinking beer and getting sexed up isn't my definition of fun, contrary to what Jay believes. I check over at Lily; she seems to have finally passed out. I grab the seat belt and strap it over her waist. I hear Jay set the vodka on the sidewalk as another Hendrix song comes on. ' Fire '. The alcohol seemed to have instilled the idea in Jay's head that it was okay to flirt with me again. He suddenly jumps in front of me, his knees on the grass of Alva's house, and begins doing this weird, primitive, but oddly sexy dance as he air-guitars to 'Fire'. I shake my head, as he grabs my hand and tries to pull me away from the Le Baron, pulling me closer to Tony's house. His shirtless dance continues until I hear Lily whine from within the car. I sigh. \"I don't have time to deal with this, Jay.\" Getting into the driver's seat, I start the car. But as I'm pulling away, Jay picks up the vodka bottle and impulsively throws it against the street, a little too closely to the wheels. The bottle shatters into pieces, which my tires have to grind over. I give Jay the bird on my way out. We definitely had issues that needed to be resolved. At midnight, I tuck Lily into my bed. I had already picked Stacy and Kathy up from their date at the movie's and I had tried dropping Lily off at her house, but I couldn't face the music that was her parents. I decided that it would be better to call them and tell them Lily was sleeping over. In the dead of night, the last thing I expected so to be woken up again. But it came, rather abruptly, startling both me and Lily awake. The sound of shattering glass fills our ears. \"Shit!\" screams Lily. She had to be disoriented and scared out of her mind, because she didn't know she was spending the night. Panicking, I stumble out of the bed and blindly reach forth to turn the switch on. My bedroom light flickers on, momentarily dazing both me and Lily. Once we regain ourselves, I look at the source of the noise: My window is broken, its glass shattered on the floor. Suddenly, Aaron bursts through the door, in loose gym shorts and a t-shirt, looking alert and ready to fight. Soon, my mom follows in very precariously. The next door neighbor's dog breaks the stunned silence, howling at the disturbance. \"Oh my god, what happened?!\" my mom sobs, clutching her hand to her mouth melodramatically. \"Looks like someone broke through the window,\" states Aaron, pushing some pieces of glass with his foot. \"But who?\" \"Eden,\" Lily's somber voice cuts in for the first time. She holds up a skateboard and hands it to me. I flip it on its back. The usual self-identification graffiti is decorating the board, marked with skulls and Xs. However, in the corner, I vaguely see the initials \"J.B.\" carved in red. It was Jay's board.[Chapter 17] AN: You guys are going to hate me for the rewrite I've done. It's in the second half, Jay and Eden do confront each other. You guys also might hate Eden as well, because she's a bit of a bitch here. But that's her, too bad if you don't like it. Chapter 17. Eau de Z boy \"Is there anyone who you think would want to do this to you? Anyone who sticks out in your mind?\" I blink up at the pot belly in the blue uniform. Then shake my head. Yes, I was covering for Jay's ass, and for what? He threw a skateboard through my window in the middle of the night. If there was a winner for 'Stalker-Esque Scares in the Dead of the Night', he would win it. \"Anything special about the skateboard? Does it have significance to you?\" I look down at Jay's skateboard and feign an epiphany. \"Wait a second! This skateboard?\" The officer leans forward in anticipation. I got him where I want. \"This is the triple nickel antioxidant model that only one customer uses in this town!\" He sighs and leans back, very much aware of my sarcasm. Mom gave me a pointed look. Now was Serious Adult Time, no jokes. \"My step-son, Stacy,\" she says, \"All of his friends are skateboarders.\" The officer looks toward me. \"No,\" I say without his asking. \"I'm positive that none of them had anything to do with it. We all get along fine.\" Lily, who is sitting beside me, raises her eyebrows at the blatant lie I just told. \"Anything else, officer ?\" \"Yes. What is that on your left cheek? I finger my cheek and realize it's the spot where that aggressive guy at the party had smacked me. My mom gasps, noticing it for the first time. I stand up to look in the mirror to see how bad it looked. It was just a small scar under my eye, not much. I certainly hadn't noticed it until he had pointed it out. \"That's nothing.\" \"Eden, what's going on?!\" says my mom tearily. \"Where is that scar from?\" \"I said it's nothing. Last night I was on Stacy's skateboard. I fell and tripped on the pavement, hit my face.\" The officer finished filing out his report and nodded. \"Well, tell me if you learn anything new about the case. Until then, this will be an unsolved domestic disturbance. When my mom and the cop finally leaves, Lily bombards me with questions. I go to my closet to begin dressing. \"Ohmygod, was it Jay? Why would he throw his skateboard through your window? Why would anyone throw a skateboard through a window? That doesn't make any sense! Do you think he was drunk when he did it? Are you even sure that it was Jay? It could have been any one of the boys.\" \"I doubt it,\" I tell her precariously, pulling a gray shirt over my chest. \"I've seen Jay carve his skateboards before with things like 'Jay Boy' and 'J.B.'; it was definitely him.\" \"But why would he do that?\" \"I've got a hunch,\" I say moodily, a dose of last night's events flashing through my head. When I hastily pull on my red converses, Lily notices and asks, \"Where are you going?\" \"Uh, hello? Where would you go if someone broke into your room? To confront the culprit!\" I say while running a brush through my tangled red hair. \"No, only you would do that,\" she says, rolling her eyes. \"Me? I would be hyperventilating at the near criminal experience I just had, like normal people. What are you going to say to Jay anyway?\" \"There won't be a lot of talking,\" I say. \"Just throat strangling noises.\" I turn to Lily, fully dressed. \"I'll be back in awhile. My mom is probably making breakfast, you can stick around or split, your choice.\" \"Good luck.\" I sneak into Stacy's room, where he was peacefully slumbering. I grab the Le Baron's keys off his dresser and head for the bathroom. I pull out one of my mom's tubes of lipstick and begin writing a message on the mirror: Stac - going out, took the LeBaron, be back later - Ed. Ten minutes later, I arrive at Jay's apartment, knocking loudly on the door. His mom, in her classic bikini-beach-mom attire, answers the door. I awkwardly ask whether Jay's around. \"Sorry, Eden. He came in real late last night, but he took off again at dawn.\" Damn it. \"Thanks anyway.\" My next stop is P.O.P.. It was a long shot, since the ocean hadn't had any real waves for weeks now. Sadly when I get there, it's empty. Jay's life revolves around surfing and skating; if he wasn't there then he could be anywhere. I drive to Zephyr's next, because that's where all the boys usually go to hang out. Up Bicknell Hill, I peer through the shop's window. Nobody was there, except for Skip, who seemed to be dosing off in a chair inside. He's not really the business, working man type. Then I hear a commotion from the side of the building. Somebody's skateboard almost falls into traffic. Shogo runs to grab his board and then skateboards to the back alley that Zephyr has. Of course. I park the car and head to the back alleyway, which had the unmistakable stink of Eau de Z-boy all over it: broken surfboards, radios, bongs, skateboards and spraycans. What a zoo. I go down the line of Z-boys, asking where Jay was. Unfortunately none of them know, or none of them are intimidated enough by me to answer truthfully. I begin to lose my cool by the time I reach Sid, my second to last option. \"Where is Jay?\" Sid shrugs with that shit-for-brains expression on his face, it's the one he uses every time he's high. \"I want a verbal answer,\" I press, giving him what I hoped to be a penetrating glare. \"Eehn,\" he scratches the black bandana on his head. Tickticktick, Sid. I'm in no mood to deal with his pseudo-loked-out persona, as opposed to the pampered little rich boy that I knew he was. \"Sorry, haven't seen him,\" while he speaks, he reaches into his shirt's front pocket and lights up the end of another joint. \"It's not like he'd want to talk to you anyway.\" Before he can take a drag out of the butt, I shake my head, take the joint out of his hand and stomp it out on the floor. \"What the hell, Eden?!\" \"You better not be lying to me, Sid ,\" I tell him snidely. \"Because I've been looking for him all day. Now, last chance, do you know where Jay is ?\" \"I. Don't. Know!\" shouts Sid, kneeling to the ground to recover his stomped out marijuana. \"Damn, are you always this persnickety?\" I roll my eyes, wondering to myself how he came to learn such an obscure word. My eyes roam the Z-boy zoo once more, and lands on my last resort. He's shaking a can of spraypaint, about to tag the cement wall with more graffiti. And when I approach him, he does a very nice job of pretending that I don't exist. I decide to play calm. Think ice. Think snow. \"Have you seen Jay?\" I ask in an off-handed manner. Off-handed in a way that suggested me and Tony had never disputed in the history of knowing each other. He merely rolls his eyes. \"Your blocking the way.\" I move off the wall to give him some room. I repeat the question to remind him why I was here. \"Like he wants to see you,\" is his only response. A block of ice freezes over my insides. Did Sid and Tony both know what happened the other day at the pool? No, Jay wouldn't tell anyone. They probably just knew something was up between me and Jay, because we'd been avoiding each other ever since that day. Swallowing my pride, I cross my arms and quietly ask, \"Please? I need to know.\" No answer. He pretends to be fascinated with his mural on the wall. \"Dammit, Tony!\" I blurt out. The ice has melted, the fire is back. It's a shame, too, with all those attempts to be civil towards Tony suddenly out the door. \"I don't need your shit today!\" \"And why the fuck not? Today's the same as any other day.\" \"No, it's not,\" I say gingerly. \"You have no idea what I, personally, have been through lately.\" \"Oh, wah- wah !\" he mocks a baby's cries. \"The oppressions of being a rich white girl must be harsh!\" his voice dripped with a sickening amount of sarcasm. I suppress the urge to wrap my hands around his neck and strangle the air out of him. Tony was so much easier to deal with last night, when he had beer and a little pot in his system. Funny, alcohol seems to have the exact opposite effect on Jay, he only grows more moody and fiery. I channel my violent urges to instead forcibly snatching the spraycan out of his grip. I hold it away, heeding his full attention. He has a feeble attempt to reach for the can, but I keep it further away. \"Alright, Alva, my personal experience?\" I snap, ignoring the glare he sends me over the stolen spraypaint. \"I just spent the entire damn morning filing out a police report because of your boy Jay! I don't know what got into him, but I guess he thought it'd be funny to scare the shit out of me and Lily by breaking my window at an ungodly hour of the night. Now either you tell me where he's at – \" \"Or what?\" he calls my bluff. \"What are you gonna do to me? Huh, Peralta?\" he challenges. He gets right into my face to emphasize his point. \"You can't fight for shit, so what's the point of making threats when you can't back them up?\" And he did have a point. The only real advantage over Tony that I had was my intelligence. But even then, I didn't know just how smart I was over Tony. Unable to answer his question, I simply revert to name-calling. Yes, childish and desperate, but I had nothing else left to do, and my temper was only growing agitated. \"You're a fucking dick!\" He lets out a laugh. \" Amazing comeback. Did you think of that one by yourself?\" I let out a scream of frustration. \"You're impossible!\" He was so senseless, sometimes I believed he actually enjoyed picking fights with me, like he somehow got a sick pleasure out of it. To vent, I thrust the can into his chest and spin on my heel. I start to motor away, and it probably looked like a TV melodramatic storming off. For once in my life, my head was so feverishly incensed that I couldn't even string together another coherent insult for Tony. Which is rare, because I always have insults for Tony Alva. And I have an inkling that the feeling is mutual for him as well, because he didn't bother yelling at my retreating form. But my steps are stopped short with the sight of Jay. He comes whizzing up on a skateboard, and his friends all swear at him – a bizarre greeting ritual practiced by the entire team. I get the vibe that he's intentionally ignoring me, like Tony had done before. The major difference between him and Tony was Jay seemed a little more on edge, whereas Tony was just unhappy to see me. I slowly walk up to him, he has his back turned away from me. \"Jay? I want to talk.\" 'Talk' seems to be a trigger word for the guys surrounding him. They seem to have interpreted 'talk' as something else, something dirty, because they all yell out in laughter and shove Jay over toward me. We find a more secluded spot in the distance; he looks up at me for the first time, and leans against the wall, waiting for me to speak first. I cross my arms. \"So, funny story,\" I start, trying to tame the irate edge to my voice. \"Some creep broke through my window last night.\" As if trying to worsen my mood, a small smirk creeps onto his face. It was like a \"YeahsorryIscaredtheshitoutof youbutnotreallybecauseitwasfunnyandworthit\" smirk. \"I wonder what kind of creep this was. Either he could have been really, really drunk and stupid. Or he could have had this kind of psychotic Romeo complex, where instead of reciting sweet nothings at my balcony, he decides to throw a skateboard through my window.\" He adjusts his bandana, seemingly unable to answer my rant. I try to give him this penetrating glare, but Jay refuses to meet my eyes, instead choosing to stare at something above my left ear. \"Do you have any idea what your joke cost me?!\" slips out of my mouth. Jay finally speaks for the first time. \"Your sense of humor?\" I notice the way his Adams apple bounces to the bottom of his throat and back up again. \" Pas mal , Jay,\" I say in mock congratulations. \"I'm standing here, still trying to figure out what you were trying to accomplish. Like what kind of message you were telegraphing me with a stunt like that.\" \" Guess ,\" he says, taking me aback. \"I don't know,\" I breath. \"Maybe your head just isn't screwed on straight. Why don't you spell it out for me, Jay. \" He pauses for a long moment, as if really contemplating his answer for the first time. Then he says, \"I felt like it.\" I stare at him in silent shock, my mouth slightly open. I blink, then repeat him as if confirming what I heard was what had actually came out of his mouth, \"You felt like it.\" He shrugs yeah. \"Well, Jay,\" my voice volume begins rising. \"Sometimes I feel like slapping my mother around for being a moron. But that doesn't mean I go through with it!\" He simply chortles in amusement. The thought of me slapping my mom around is no doubt an interesting picture for him to imagine. \"You know, I'm getting really sick of this punk phase that you're going through,\" I snap, my hands automatically moving to my hips now. \"So let me get this through your easy bake oven head. What you did was stupid, and just plain mean. It made me realize something about you. I don't like you . I won't ever like you.\" Even as it came out of my mouth, I knew how bitchy it sounded. But I didn't take it back. I couldn't. \"And I'm through with you,\" I add softly as an afterthought. He fixes me with a hard stare. My heart is beating against my rib cage. What did I just do? After one intense moment of silence, Jay finally pushes himself off the wall and lets his skateboard fall to the ground again. \"Fine,\" he murmurs sourly. \"I'm outta your life.\" And he zooms away on his skateboard. For a minute, I can literally feel my heart dropping. It was the same sort of feeling you get when you lose a friend. Was Jay my friend? I'm not entirely sure if he was ever a friend, but either way, now I'm sure he isn't my friend anymore. ","Summary":" AN: Hello new readers! This first chapter is really sketchy, especially the dialogue, so bare with "},{"Movie":"Lords of Dogtown","Title":"never there","Author":"jayadamslove","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4540011","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I OWN NOTHING. not led zeppelin or the zboys. only the characters i create. -- The small room was dimly lit. Even through my closed lids I could sense some light was on. Which meant someone had entered my room. No sooner had this thought occurred to me when i small hand shook me roughly. \"Kimber, get up. Come on. I need to borrow some underwear and can't tell which are clean.\" At this my eyes flew open. The dark blue room behind the beautiful face was obscured from view. \"Shit, that's why you woke me up?\", i growled angrily, \"Clean stuff is in the corner. Just smell it. Why can't you wear yours?\" \"Some are at Luke's. The rest are dirty. Also i wouldn't have to wake you if you cleaned your room. And i will never smell your clothes.\" she said condescendingly. My sister, Nicole, was completely against my lifestyle. She was going to a community college and dated some jackass from the valley. She was about 5 foot 5 inches tall and thin. Her entrancing blue gray eyes, big pink lips, and shoulder length wavy chocolate hair had left their previous position (a foot from my face) to the corner i had indicated. \"What time is it anyway?\", my voice was muffled as i had turned into my pillow. \"About four in the morning... you should be getting up anyways for whatever you do.\", she scowled. I pulled my head from the white pillow and turned into a sitting position. Although i hated to admit it, she was right. \"Well take the underwear and leave. I do need to change.\" Nicole grabbed a black pair and left, closing my door quietly. I pulled my legs through the comforter and onto the cold floor. I got up and scanned my room for my wetsuit and bikini. As i found them, i realized they were damp and cold with salt water. I then turned the knob of my door, and as quietly as i could, tip-toed down the hall to the bathroom. I stripped off my overlarge black sweatpants and Zeppelin shirt in exchange for the swimsuit and wetsuit. I zipped the wetsuit halfway up and looked at my reflection. I wasn't thin, but not big. Just curvy. My long brown hair had become streaked with blonde from the sun and recently had acquired electric blue streaks. My skin was tan and I had a strong jaw. I have big lips and big brown eyes. One lighter than the other. After i brushed my teeth and washed my face, i crept back to my room, took both my boards, and crawled through my window. -- -- As I approached the P.O.P. parking lot, I realized I was the first there. I threw off my ripped Vans and skateboard on the broken down pier. I walked down to the beach and shoved my board in the ground. I looked out over the ocean and watched as Skip took the next wave. I was so focused on watching him swerve so gracefully i didn't hear the footsteps behind me. The next thing i knew i had received a swift kick in the butt. I lost balance but regained it quickly and spun around on my heel. I was met with a pair of pale blue eyes and shoulder length platinum blonde hair: Stacy Peralta. \"Hey, Stace.\" \"Hey, how long have you been here?\" he asked grinning. \"Only a few minutes or something.\" \"Good I'm not late.\", he said jokingly. Everyone knew that Stacy wore a watch and rarely took it off. Seconds later we were joined by Jay Adams. \"Dude, its killer today.\" he said excitedly as he swept his curly dirty blonde hair out of his topaz eyes. And then the sound of wheels against concrete approached again. I heard, rather than saw, Tony get off his board and join us. \"Hey guys.\" Tony was hispanic and had brown and blonde curls that fell to his shoulders. I plopped down on the dirty sand and put my face in my hands. My eyes closed as my other senses took over. The salty wind brushed against my hands blowing my hair back. The beachy smell tingled high in my nose and seemed to sit there. I could hear the waves breaking on the shore, the steady rhythm of them. Then i began to lose all senses as my mind seemed to drift off into darkness... \"Kimber, get up, they're coming in,\" rang Tony's voice in my head. Damn. It was the second time today i had heard 'get up.' I looked up to see Tony and Stacy's retreating backs going towards Skip and his friends. I looked to my side and saw that Jay had remained with me. He stretched out a hand and pulled me to my feet. We grabbed our boards and followed. \"Today, Peralta has boneyard,\" Skip yelled, even though we were near enough he could talk normally, as Stacy's face fell in the slightest. \"Adams, Wolffe take care of Vals. And Alva gets clean-up.\" I headed to the least destroyed part of the pier, stuck my board into the sand, and began to climb, quite catlike, to the top. Jay followed suit. When we reached the fence I sat again. \"Tell me if anyone comes.\" \"You still tired from the party last night?\" \"That, and when i was going through my hallway, John, Alex, and Eric caught me.\" John, Alex, and Eric. Three of my step-brothers. All in all i have 7 siblings: the oldest is Nick, he is unfortunately blood-related and ran out on the family when he was 20. Then comes Nicole, who is my blood sister and 18. Then me, and I'm 16. Alex comes next, no blood-relation and is 14. I know I'm not supposed to choose favorites but he is mine. John is 14 too, but he isn't related to me or Alex. My other sister, Clementine, is 12 and related to Alex. Eric is 10 and related to John. And the youngest is Chris, who is only 7, and is Eric's and John's brother. How, one may ask, did I accumulate so many siblings? Simple: my dad walked out on Nick, Nicole and me when I was younger to be with some tramp. My mom started dating a new guy, who already had John, Eric, and Chris. But they split and he didn't want the kids, so she took them, as she already considered them hers. And now there's Ted. He's Alex and Clementine's dad, and they are still together. He is a manager of some grocery store and my mom, Kendall, is a waitress. So money has always been tight. \"Is Nicole still dating that Val?\", Jay asked, a smirk on his face. I knew what was coming. \"Yea.\" \"Damn. Well tell her when they break up, I'm here for her.\" he played. \"Even after she slept with a Val?\" I teased. \"I can forgive her.\" he was grinning now. Sun was coming up now.The dark midnight blue had mingled with a salmon pink and sunburst orange. Just below those colors, the brightest orange-yellow I had known in my lifetime. The color of the sun. I knew looking at it was bad for my sight, but the shade of it was beautiful. \"Anyway, hows Phalaine? And Kent?\" I asked, tearing my eyes away. \"They're fine, I guess.\" he replied with a shrug. He looked at me in an odd way I didn't know if i liked or not. He was staring into my eyes as though he had never seen me before. I looked right back into his. They were perfectly almond shaped, and shockingly topaz. They almost appeared to be a sweet honey color, or the lightest color of a wooden surf board. I was so caught up loving the color of his eyes, that when i heard a car engine i jumped. \"Those aren't locals,\" I was on my feet in a second and peered over the fence. I recognized the car and grinned. 'Excellent' I thought. \"What?\" Jay accused noticing the smile. \"I got these.\" I called to him as I made my way down to the pier, through the sand, and to the parking lot. A blue Mustang. It was who I thought it was. \"Locals only!\" I called out. The short brown hair and blue eyes found me, changing from annoyance to a smirk. His friend got out of the passenger seat. He was big, muscular and blonde. He swayed a little as he went to the trunk of the car where the blue-eyed boy stood. His expression showed interest. \"Hey Kimber.\" Luke said calmly. \"You know this is a locals only spot,\" I spat at him. \"But I thought you could let us in,\" he said, in a fake voice that i could read. It really was a I'm-dating-your-sister-so-let-me voice. \"Fuck off.\" I said, venom in each word. His expression went back to annoyance. \"What are you going to do about it?\" he asked, clearly not thinking I was prepared. \"I spill. To Nicole. That you're two-timing her. How would you like to lose the hottest girl in the area?\" I spoke clearly. I was going to tell her anyway, but it worked as good blackmail. I knew that the threat of having the most beautiful girl in our area, and her dumping him was going through his head. He would never live it down. The only thing he cared about was his reputation. He glared, but obviously couldn't think of a good response. The blonde in the background hadn't moved much. \"Fuck you Kimber. Fuck you.\" he growled in a menacing tone. And with that got into the drivers seat of the Mustang. His big friend stayed, looking at me. He moved closer, very clumsily so, until he was about five feet from me. \"Baby, come with me,\" he drawled in a low voice. A step closer. \"I have a nice big house,\" Another step. \"And it's all empty.\" He was about 10 inches from my face now. I wasn't about to back down. I could smell the liquor on his breath and wondered vaguely why he had been drinking so early. He was obviously drunk. He grinned at me and moved in a flash: his arms were around my waist and his grip was true. As I struggled and tried to break free I heard running footsteps. \"Get-off-me!\" I managed to stammer out. A horn honked. More footsteps, closer now. He then shoved, with what seemed like all his force, his mouth onto mine. My lower lip began to bleed profusely and he still didn't stop. \"Get the fuck off her!\" He resurfaced and his grip loosened in the slightest. I seized my chance and broke free. But I used so much power I fell backward onto the pavement. The horn blared again. I looked up to see Jay face-to-face with the big blonde. It was pretty brave of Jay because the blonde must have been a foot taller and wider. \"Bastard, could you give us a second?\" The blonde glared at Jay. The horn shrieked for a third time and Luke started backing out of the parking spot. \"Don't ever touch her again!\" Jay snarled. He was shaking with anger. \"Evan, lets just get out of here.\" Luke yelled from his car. I heard more footsteps behind us, and saw Tony running to the scene. \"Not until this little bitch learns not to interrupt!\" But Luke seemed to have counted for Evan and realized they were evenly matched. They would only take on someone if they had the upperhand. \"Listen to your friend jackass,\" Tony's enraged accented voice growled. Evan must have heard the aggressiveness, for he looked from Jay to Tony to me still on he ground, and stormed to the passenger seat. Luke sped out before Evan could say anything else. \"Thanks guys. Sorry about that. I hadn't counted on the friend being such a freak.\" I said quietly. I was still flustered as Tony reached out a hand to pull me up. We walked back to the beach in silence. I was pretty sure they were both replaying the scene in their heads. I was. When I looked to the water, I saw Skip and his friends emerging from the water, Stacy following them. \"Your turn,\" Skip slurred. I hadn't looked Jay or Tony directly in the face since the encounter, being thoroughly embarrassed. I knew i would have to face Jay to get my board, seeing as they were in the same spot. I braced myself. \"Your lip is bleeding.\" Jay said cocking his head to the side and looking concerned. \"Oh, yeah, it's nothing.\" I raised my hand to my lip, and when it came back down it was covered and sparkling with dark red blood. I had forgotten about it until now. \"That idiot did it? I should've hit him-\" I cut him off. I didn't need pity. \"I've had worse. So shut up.\" I didn't look back as I sprinted to the gray-blue ocean, and plunged myself fully in. It was freezing and my lip stung with the saltwater. I hadn't expected any different. I broke the surface, breathing in the salty air as my lip stung even more. For some weird reason I liked this pain. -- -- I leaped off my skateboard, popped it up with my foot and grabbed it with my right hand. I started to climb the high fence as fast as I could. I strattled the top of the fence, threw my board over and jumped after it. I landed in the concrete area i had named, in my head, the skating bowl. Mainly because it reminded me of a bowl. I walked across the bowl to the brick wall where Peggy stood. I was too tired to do anything right today. So I might as well talk to Peggy. \"Hey,\" came Peggy's soft voice. Her black hair rippled down her back and shone in the sun. My sleepiness reached a high all of a sudden, just from the prospect of having to reply. My 'out every night' lifestyle was catching up to me. I made a silent vow not to party tonight. \"What's up?\" \"Nothing, why aren't you skating?\" she asked curiously. I didn't want to admit that i was tired. It seemed like a lame excuse. \"I could ask you the same thing.\" I replied making my voice light. She grinned and we began to watch the guys skate. Jay was on the urethane board and I noticed Kathy Alva watching. I felt a surge of jealousy I couldn't explain. It was probably for the board though. As i shook my head from this thought and emotion Jay got off the board and Stacy on. I really need more sleep. I thought I felt a major headache setting in. \"Ooh, look.\" Peggy poked me and gestured over to where Stacy was standing. His hands were on Kathy's waist, obviously teaching her to skate. Peggy and I both started to laugh as Tony rode through them. \"Come to Shogo's tonight.\" Peggy said when the laughter deceased. \"I'll be there.\" I promised, already forgetting the promise i made to myself. \"Thank god. I hate it when you don't come.\" She said sarcastically. Everyone in this town knew me for three reasons: my love of partying, the fact my family has more kids then we can feed, and that I play the field. Or as some may call it...frivolous. But other girls simply call out 'slut' or 'skank.' And I really couldn't care less. No guy will ever get me to settle down and i wouldn't befriend those girls anyway. -- -- I sat in the wooden chair at the round table behind our kitchen bar. Stacy was on my left, Tony the right and Jay straight across. They were laughing about something I didn't hear: it was like that at my house, with all the siblings you might miss a few things. \"Kimber!\" my younger step-brother Alex called as he came to the side of my chair. He loved Tony, Stacy, and Jay almost as much as I did. \"So guess what?\" He said not waiting for an answer, \"You remember the babe that hangs around in the parking lot with us? The blonde?\" He asked looking at all of our faces. Of course we all knew her. He had liked her forever and had asked advice from all three of the guys. \"Yea, Yea, what's her name?\" \"Janice.\" \"Okay, tell us what happened,\" I said becoming interested. \"She was watching us skate, and after my run we talked for a while. We're gonna go out on Friday.\" He finished proudly. \"Nice,\" I said smiling at him. All the guys congratulated him. \"That's pretty much it. You gonna be here tonight?\" He asked me. \"Course not.\" And with that he left to talk to John. \"Speaking of which,\" I said turning to Stacy, \" You and Kathy hit it off.\" \"I was just showing her how to skate,\" He said with a blush, small smile, and half glance at Tony. \"Yeah, right,\" I mused. \"If you ever do anything to her Stace, I'll shave your head.\" Tony said in mock anger. The picture of a bald Stacy seemed to burst in our minds and Tony, Stacy and I began to crack up. Not Jay. I looked across at him, wondering why he had been so oddly quiet. He looked up at me with the same unreadable expression he had given me this morning. As though he was seeing me for the first time. His eyes... that beautiful topaz... and perfectly almond-shaped... they were so entrancing. My laughter deceased. Soon Tony and Stacy's did too and i stared fixedly at a spot on the table, thankful they had noticed nothing. I needed to think straight. -- -- I took a swig from the red plastic cup of beer Shogo had handed me minutes earlier. I lost Tony, Stacy, and Jay upon entering the party, but knew they would come and get me when it was time to roll a joint. My beer in hand I headed to the stereo where Peggy stood. The blasting music rang in my head. Every inch of Shogo's house seemed to have a person in it. With blazin' eyes I see my tremblin' hands When we know the time has come Lose many senses, lose command Feel your healin' rivers run \"Hey Peggy!\" I had to almost shout over Led Zeppelin. \"Hey,\" She yelled back with a smile. I turned my attention to where the people where dancing. Half the people seemed drunk already. It was fun to watch them dance around clumsily. I felt two fingers tap my shoulder lightly. And when I turned around I was met with a black haired boy. \"Hello,\" he said his voice deep and smooth. \"Hey,\" I replied almost breathlessly. I had forgotten how strikingly good-looking he was. \"Wanna dance?\" \"Sure,\" I answered, regaining composure. As we made our way to the heart of the party, I was only vaguely aware of Peggy's eyes following us. But he seemed to have other ideas and he pulled me out of the center and into the kitchen, which was significantly quieter, but still filled with people. His rough hands grabbed me by the waist and set me on the counter. He joined me on my left. \"What are you doing here?\" I asked. \"I knew you'd be here and wanted to see you.\" \"Aw... you missed me.\" I teased. Ryan and I had been dating for a little under a month, but nothing serious. He had shiny black hair that reached his ears. His skin was a golden color and eyes bright blue. Electric, and almond-shaped. I had never noticed before but they were the exact same shape as Jays. He threw a dazzling smile at me. The lips around the smile came closer until they were about two inches away and I closed the gap with my own lips. His amazingly full pink lips were smooth as they gently went to my bottom lip. My hands went to the back of his head intending to play with his hair. But he resurfaced. \"What happened to your lip?\" He said looking at the now bleeding bottom lip. \"Oh, I busted it today,\" I said nonchalantly, not wanting to tell the story about the Val. \"I can't even feel it.\" \"I'm surprised you didn't notice it, am I that awesome of a kisser?\" He said grinning. \"Shut up.\" I replied, as I put my hands on the back of his head again and leaned in. He placed his hands on my waist and our lips met. He stayed away from my lower lip this time. Instead I parted my lips in the slightest to let the tip of my tongue come out, and lightly touched his lips with it. He opened and our tongues danced around each others mouth. Both exploring-- \"Kimber!\" I jumped away from Ryan so quickly I don't think he knew what was happening. \"We're gonna go roll one, you coming? Or are you too busy?\" \"Yeah, yeah, I'm coming.\" I was really craving one anyway. I hopped off the counter and turned to look at Ryan. \"I'll see you later,\" I told him and he nodded. Tony as waiting at the doorway to the main room filled with dancers. He gave me an annoyingly knowing look and started straight through the dance floor. The booming music filled my ears again, with a different Zeppelin song this time. Changes fill my time Baby, that's alright with me In the midst I think of you And how it used to be At least Shogo had good music taste. We were now approaching the hallway where three wooden doors were. I knew the bathroom was on my right and grabbed Tony's arm to steer him into it. \"So, thats the new guy this month?\" He said with an evil grin. \"Yeah,\" I said exasperatedly. \"What's pretty boy's name?\" He teased. \"Ryan, but can you not tell the others right away, Tony? All you guys ever do with the guys I date is mess with them.\" \"Can you really even consider it dating?\" I hit him on the arm. \"Kidding! Kidding! God... and I'll see how i feel about telling them after the first drag. And that might leave a mark so I have something to think about,\" he smiled. Shit. We walked out of the bathroom to Shogo's bedroom and closed the door. Stacy was on the bed, Jay on the nightstand rolling the joint, and Tony perched himself on the only chair in Shogo's room. I plopped down next to Stacy. \"Finally,\" Jay said. He pulled out a lighter and lit the joint between his fingers. He took a long drag, held it in, and blew out a puff of smoke. He grinned and passed it to Stacy. \"What took you so long?\" Jay asked as Stacy handed me the joint. I decided not to answer and took it between my two fingers, lifted it to my mouth, and inhaled a great amount of smoke. The familiar sensation occurred as I held it in. It was as though my problems were gone. Worry, troubles, anxiety... no more. I felt at peace with the world as I blew out perfect white rings of smoke. \"I just couldn't get through the people,\" I said hoping the subject wouldn't come up again, as my lips would be a little looser. I passed it to Alva. The sixth time around the circle we were on our third joint and we were talking much more. \"Hey, you guys, you know what would be cool?\" Jay said, with an idiot smile. \"Yeah, if we could fit--\" \"Kimber's new guy is Ryan!\" Stacy had been interrupted by Tony. \"Bastard!\" I cried glaring at him. The effect wasn't as amazing because I still had a grin on my face. Stacy was laughing with no obvious reason why, I wasn't even sure he'd heard and Jay was staring blankly. I looked at Stacy and he was shaking so badly from the laughter it was funny. I started laughing. Hard. Then I threw myself against Stacy so that we fell off the bed laughing so hard I thought I was going to pee myself. Then I remembered. \"What did you say?\" I asked looking up at Tony, with my hair flipped into my face, who was now laughing also along with Jay. They obviously loved the fact that instead of peeing myself I had started crying. -- -- -- I stumbled through my front door with Jay and Stacy. My mother was sitting in the kitchen, looking stressed with some paperwork. \"Your home!\" she said, hearing the door close and turning her head to me. \"Yeah,\" I slurred. The wall behind her was flipping around. I wondered if Jay and Stace could see that. \"Don't wake your father or siblings.\" \"Okay,\" I replied just wanting the conversation to end. \"And do you know where Nicole went to?\" \"She's probably with her personal jackass,\" Damn, she was going to know i was stoned. \"That's what I thought,\" She said quietly looking preoccupied. \"Oh and hi boys.\" They muttered their hello's and walked me to my bedroom, where I fell face first into my bed. \"Can you believe it? I was completely stoned and she took no notice! It's like a perfect day man.\" \"Yeah, well I'm gonna get home.\" \"Me too.\" \"Whatever.\" If i hadn't been so high, I would've noticed Jay lingering in my room for a minute after he said he was leaving. But I went to sleep in the same minute. -- -- -- if you read the first chapter i love you. even if you hated it. but please review because i'd love to hear feedback. --lette.[Chapter 2] once again nothing is mine. -- I thought I might die from the throbbing. The light was burning through my eyelids, making it impossible to open them. I knew that I would have to get up soon if I wanted to make it to P.O.P. I decided I would get it over with or it would never happen. But then the light on my eyelids registered with the time of day. There was only one small light in my bedroom that I didn't face while sleeping. I flew out of my comfortable position and the room spun painfully. I squinted to my window and saw that it was bright outside. How long was I out? I scrambled out of my bed and almost fell to the ground. The room was spinning even more violently now. I looked around as my room came into focus and guessed it was midday. I swung around onto my bed again and went back into my own world. -- \"What are you still doing here?\" Alex's voice rang in my head. That's odd. \"Kimber seriously, wake up,\" again. God couldn't he just give us a second? \"Jay, Tony, and Stacy are here, they're waiting,\" he said and I heard him leave my room. That was really weird. Jay couldn't be here he was… I must have been dreaming that was it. What a weird dream. My eyes opened slowly to reveal my bedroom. My headache had decreased sufficiently and I got out of my bed and headed to the bathroom. I really looked a wreck. My hair was sticking out on one side and my face was imprinted with the marks from the sheets and pillow. After I had thrown my hair up and brushed my teeth, I went to the kitchen to find my friends talking to Alex. When I entered they looked up expectedly at me as though thinking I was going to yell, or be sick. \"Hey guys,\" I said looking at all of them. \"Sorry I didn't make it out there today, I really passed out.\" \"Yeah we all thought you had gotten yourself lost. Even though you're always there I wouldn't put it past you,\" Tony said smirking at me. \"Shut up,\" I replied as I made my way through them to the shelf with cereal. -- My hands were tight around the bumper of the bus. The speed was amazing. A natural high. I waved my hair back and gripped tighter with my right, so I could flip the driver off with my left. I thought this was when he really became frustrated. Jay on my side was hanging his tongue out. We were approaching a turn and I prepared to grab his waist. Stace let go first then Tony hooked onto him, Jay grabbed Tony, and I latched myself onto Jay. We spun off perfectly and skated right through the cars in traffic, hitting them as we went. -- -- -- The door jingled as I entered Zephyr surf shop. \"Hey guys,\" a friendly voice called. It was Sid. The long brown hair and light brown eyes approached us carrying a broom. \"What's up Sid?\" I asked with a smile. \"Oh, your sister came in today,\" he said, a look of apprehension on his face. \"What?!\" I didn't believe my ears. Nicole? In Zephyr? No way. \"Yeah, she was saying that your mom had gotten a call about you not showing to school all week.\" \"Aw, shit,\" I moaned. \"She said to tell you,\" he told me and then turned to the guys, who had all been listening. \"But all I wanted to do was-\" he made a squeezing gesture with his hands, \" If you know what I mean.\" He finished, smirking. Tony laughed and said, \"Don't we all.\" Not wanting to hear their wishes about what they could do to my sister, I walked to the counter where Skip was slouching. \"Hey, grommet you weren't out there today, where'd you go?\" Skip said in his drunken tone. \"Overslept, man. How was it?\" \"Great, as always. But anyway I have to tell you something.\" \"Okay,\" I replied wondering if it was about Nicole again. \"I'm thinking of starting a skate team.\" My eyes lit up. Was he saying he wanted me on it? \"Seriously?\" \"And I want all of you here tomorrow, sometime in the day. At the same time,\" He slurred, looking at me over his sunglasses. \"Yeah, no problem man.\" \"Oh and your sister might kill me if I don't tell you-\" \"I already know.\" -- I crossed the threshold of my house, not wanting to make a sound. I needn't have bothered though because my mother and Ted were standing right in front of me. \"Hey, you guys. How are you?\" I said at a desperate attempt for a good conversation. \"Sit down,\" my mothers voice was firm. I took my place at our circular wooden table and sat. My mother sat across but Ted stood standing. \"Stand up,\" he said. \"Oh now this is confusing. One wants me to sit the other stand,\" I mumbled, standing none the less. \"What the hell are you wearing Kimber?\" He said angrily. I looked down at my clothes. I thought I looked fine. A pair of old faded jeans, that had been ripped and slashed in many places from falling, a black Stones shirt that I had cut a spiderweb design in the back, and my Vans. \"What's wrong with what I'm wearing?\" \"It looks like you haven't showered in a week, shredded your clothes, and is too revealing!\" \"I'm not showing anything. Be thankful I didn't cut this in the front.\" I said. \"Don't talk to him like that. And sit back down,\" Kendall said adamantly. \"Kimber, you haven't been going to school. I'm not paying for you to go and surf all day. And at night all you do is drink and party. You really need to start thinking about your future,\" she stated looking me in the eye. Here she goes, the whole speech about how I'm messing up my life. Whatever. Ted had disappeared, probably off fuming somewhere. \"Look, mom, I'm not screwing my life up. I swear I'll go to school tomorrow and start trying a lot harder-\" \"WHAT IS THIS?\" came Ted's booming voice, then his loud footsteps and he stopped in front of me holding a brown paper bag. His entire head had gone red, and a vein in his forehead was threatening to burst. Because he was bald this was especially intimidating. \"Um… what?\" I asked trying to look innocent. He thrust the bag open and shoved it under my face. I looked down to none other than my stash. \"What are you talking about Ted?\" my mom said looking from his red face to my guilty one. \"Look at this!\" he yelled passing it across the table to her. She took the bag cautiously and opened it. \"Kimberly. Azure. Wolffe,\" she was shaking with rage. I winced at the sound of my full name. Kimberly. Ugh. Ever since I was old enough to think for myself I've gone by Kimber. \"Do you want to explain?\" \"Um…\" for one of the first times in my life I was speechless. \"I can explain!\" Ted shouted. At this second shout I noticed some of my siblings come out of their rooms to listen. \"She's a slacker, careless hippie who does nothing but surf, skate and party! She has a new boyfriend every week and is only 16! She rips all the clothes I buy for her and wears this shit! I've had enough of it! You are going to start going to school and are grounded for two months!\" \"Fine!\" I could yell right back. \"I don't care!\" I stood angrily from my sitting position and stomped to my bedroom, passing my siblings stunned faces. I slammed my door with a boom and fell onto my bed. I lay there for a while wondering if I would really go to school tomorrow. I sure as hell didn't think so. A light tapping on my door resounded through my room. \"Go away Ted,\" I called. Yet the door opened anyways, and not the bald head of Ted appeared but the long brown hair of Alex. \"Hey,\" he said. When I didn't reply he continued. \"Sorry my dad got onto you like that. You know how he is, just so straight,\" again I didn't answer. There was a pause. \"So, is your middle name seriously Azure?\" he asked chuckling a little. \"Ugh, shut up man,\" I said although a grin did escape me. \"Look, Kimber, I'll cover for you if you want to go out,\" he offered. I was overwhelmed by how sweet he was being and hugged him. -- -- -- The window slid open silently. I grabbed my black hoodie and pulled it over. I stretched my leg through the ledge and window and slid my body through. My feet touched the concrete of the ground and I headed off down the street to Jay's place. My hands in my pockets I tread the familiar path to his house. Not even five minutes later I reached his place. I grabbed some pebbles from the ground and began to throw them against his window. The window opened and out popped Jay's blonde head looking down at me. \"What are you doing here?\" he asked. \"Can you just let me in?\" \"Just climb that tree and I'll help you through.\" The giant tree stood with a low branch I swung up on. I grabbed the branch above me and slowly made my way up the tree, scratching my hands as I did so. When I finally made it to the branch that I was able to climb through his window on, he pulled me by the arm into his messy bedroom. The light was off and he had clothes, papers, shoes, and some books he had been reading scattered on the floor. \"What are you doing here?\" he asked immediately. \"Just wanted to see what you were up to,\" I said sitting on his bed. \"Uh-huh. That's believable. Seriously.\" \"I just got into a little fight with Ted and didn't want to be there anymore,\" I shrugged. \"Oh,\" he said obviously sensing I didn't want to talk about it. We sat in silence for a moment, then he said, \"So are you really dating this Ryan guy?\" \"Sorta, I don't really know. It's nothing serious.\" \"What's he like?\" he said. His voice sounded odd. \"Like any other guy I guess. Why do you care?\" I asked looking up at him. \"No reason.\" I lay down on his bed and breathed in. It smelled so good. It smelled like wood, but sweet. I couldn't put my finger on it. My eyes shut and I saw the fury in my mothers and Ted's face in my mind. I opened them again to find Jay on the bed too. \"Do you need to stay here tonight?\" \"I shouldn't, but I really don't want to go back,\" I groaned. \"You want a beer?\" he questioned. \"Absolutely.\" He got up from the bed and walked out of his room quietly. I stayed still on his bed and nothing ever crossed my mind. It was blank. Jay reentered the room with two beers. He handed one to me and I popped the top off. I took a long gulp. Jay had his back to me and was obviously doing something. When he turned around he had a joint in his hand. This guy really knew how to calm me down. He lit it and gave it to me. Before I knew it, I was stoned. \"Jayboy, I love you man,\" I said as I lay across his chest. \"Aw Kimber so sweet.\" \"Yeah, I know man.\" I felt him move as to get up and I shifted so he could. But when I shifted my head fell into his lap. He was sitting and making no motion to move my head. Simply staring down at me with a grin in place. Then his face came closer and before I could figure out what was happening, we were kissing and I wasn't stopping him. -- -- \"Get up, I'm taking you to school today,\" my mothers voice entered in my sleeping state. I awoke with a start, thinking I would still be at Jay's. I only remembered going to his house and getting a beer. From that point on, I couldn't think of anything that had happened. But I must've walked home at some time. I got out of bed, threw on the clothes I had been wearing yesterday and went to the bathroom. When I had brushed my teeth and washed my face, I headed into the kitchen and got myself a bowl of cereal. I sat down at the table and stared into the bowl. I was trying to remember what had gone on last night. But I was so completely high I couldn't think of any of the night's events. Dammit. My mother tapped me on the shoulder and said, \"Come on. I'm making sure you get to school.\" -- so that's that. please submit reviews. please, please, please. --lette.[Chapter 3] I don't own anything. once again. -- -- -- I walked out my front door to another hot day, as though it was already summer. It was close enough. I just decided that the last two weeks of school didn't count. There were only a few more days. I shouldn't be forced to go. I grabbed the car door handle and pulled it open to reveal the inside of our shabby black Toyota. My mother was already inside the car and I didn't look or talk to her the entire ride. When we pulled up to the school, which was covered in graffiti, she spoke. \"Don't you dare even think about leaving,\" she said menacingly. \"Okay.\" \"I'll be at work.\" \"I know.\" \"So I'm coming to pick you up.\" \"You do that,\" I said in the same bored voice I had been using. I opened my door and stepped out into the heat. I walked down the pavement and through the glass doors of Venice High School. The tan metal lockers shone at me from both walls. The stupid, popular, crowd-following, girls laughed and whispered loudly as I passed. \"Look who decided to show up.\" \"Stoner.\" \"Who's the lucky guy this week?\" I walked on, not daring to start a fight. When I took a left turn down one of the hallways I saw a familiar brown haired boy. \"Sid!\" \"Hey!\" he said turning around and looking at me. He made a beeline toward me. \"What's your first class?\" I asked dully. \"Social Studies. Yours?\" \"I have no fucking clue. What time is everyone showing up for Skip's thing?\" I said, as I began to follow him to wherever his class was. Most of the girls were staring, whispering and laughing at me, while I received quite a few wolf whistles from the guys. He watched them expressionlessly. \"Um, I think around 2,\" he answered. \"I need to get out of here. Your coming to right?\" \"Duh.\" \"Gnarly.\" \"Are you coming into my class?\" he grinned. I hadn't realized that he had stopped at a wood paneled door with a window that read 'Room 62.' \"I've got nothing better to do,\" I sighed and followed him in. It was a tan room with desks scattered around in a feeble attempt at rows. There was a larger desk at the front where a man sat. He was balding with red-rimmed glasses. The blackboard behind him read,'Social Studies. Mr. Tison.' He didn't bother to look up as a student who was never in his class came in. I took a spot in the back row, and began doodling. Wishing it was already two o'clock and I was in Zephyr. I began to wonder what the guys were doing and found myself daydreaming in less than five minutes. \"Sid, it's 1:45,\" I whispered in his ear. It was another period of useless knowledge. He looked at me with a grin in place. \"Let's go,\" he mouthed. I slowly raised my hand into the air. The teacher looked at me and pointed. \"I have to use the bathroom.\" \"No,\" he replied tonelessly. \"But, I have a lady problem that needs attending to,\" I said in the most polite voice I could muster. He looked utterly repulsed. \"Oh, well in that case…\" he stuttered. I rose from my chair and walked out the door with Sid. I couldn't believe it worked. The teacher was actually so disgusted by what I said he didn't even notice Sid. Whoa, we were awesome. Outside the room Sid and I exchanged grins and began to sprint down the empty hallways. We burst through the front doors flying down the steps. We slowed as we turned around the bend, laughing and joking with each other. The chipped yellow-orange paint shown all the way down the street and I knew we were finally there. He opened the door with the familiar jingle and I followed him in seeing a crowd of people already there. I saw Jay talking animatedly with Tony. Peggy sitting with Shogo and Red Dog. There was Stecyk, the picture guy, and Chino standing behind the counter. And Skip leaning against the counter surveying everyone over his sunglasses and looking completely at ease. The others I knew only be sight, but no idea what they're names were. \"There you two are,\" Skip said, looking to Sid and I. \"Everyone, sit down,\" he said in an attempt at a commanding voice. It just sounded out of place on him. \"Alright grommets…\" Skip began. Unfortunately he had already lost me. Stacy wasn't present. I looked behind Sid's back to Jay who had a black Zephyr shirt over his head. I was hit with one in my face at that moment too. I looked at it. Solid black with the words 'Zephyr Skate Team' on the front. \"Bitchin',\" I murmured. No one heard me over Jay. \"Wear it with pride…\" and he was speaking again. I still couldn't focus. Maybe we were just waiting for Stacy. After all he did work… \"…Got you something.\" \"Holy shit!\" I shrieked, forgetting about my concern. Skip had a cardboard box filled with brand-new skateboards, all set with urethane wheels. I leapt forward and grabbed a turquoise blue one. I ran my hand over it. So amazingly smooth. I was in love. Everyone was rising from their own seats before I realized Skip's speech was finished. I tried to catch Jay's eyes, but he seemed to be avoiding me. I purposely hung back, and nudged him. I whispered into his ear, \"Stacy?\" He finally looked at me. His eyes made me freeze for a second. They were piercing. And so very bright. Too bright. \"Hey Skip,\" he said, when everyone had left. \" You got one for Stacy, right?\" Skip merely shoved him out the door and came back to push me out as well. No sooner had I got out of the door when I heard Skip yell, \"I'm not bailing your asses out of jail!\" There was a crash, a scream, and I knew to run. Skip had locked the door to the shop. 'Fuck' was all I could think. I sprinted down the pavement flew across a highway, and ran down a steep hill. I had directed myself to P.O.P. without realizing it. -- -- -- \"So, are we going to Del Mar?\" Tony asked. \"I didn't listen.\" \"God, you two. We are going.\" We were in my house once again. The only one missing was Stacy as he was at work. \"This is so fucking awesome,\" Tony said. He looked, for the first time I had known him, giddy. How strange. \"I'm gonna get a Coke,\" he informed us. \"This is insane,\" I said smiling. More like amazing. \"I know, man.\" \"Hey, dude, I have a question,\" I said. It had been bothering me all day. \"What?\" he said. I looked at him. What a mistake that was. His golden hair completely distracted me. \"Um… Oh yeah. What happened last night?\" I could've sworn his face got a little pinker. \"Oh, you don't remember?\" he asked. \"Not a thing,\" I shrugged. That was normal. \"Nothing happened.\" \"Cool,\" I said. What a relief. Tony joined us again and we began to talk about what a smooth ride it was on those boards. -- -- -- I hopped off my board and pushed the door open to the little restaurant Stacy waited at. I saw him immediately. His back was to me and he was taking an order from an old woman, who seemed a little deaf. \"I want a water,\" she said loudly. \"Okay, ma'am, a water.\" \"No I said a water!\" she practically shouted. \"Yes a water!\" he said louder. \"No a WATER!\" \"Whatever,\" I heard him say under his breath and walked off, his cheeks even pinker than usual. He noticed me in an instant. \"Hey,\" he said grinning. \"What's up?\" I asked. \"This.\" \"When do you get off?\" \"Like 15 minutes. Why?\" \"Just wondering.\" \"Okay, well me and the guys are gonna be at Tony's. Another party.\" \"Cool. I'll be there. Was there anything else?\" he asked curiously. \"Um…no,\" I said. Originally I had come to inform Stacy about the skate team. I couldn't bring myself to do it. I knew I would regret this as I sat to wait for him to finish. -- -- -- The resounding booms echoed. I could almost feel the small house shaking. I walked through the house looking for the boy I would spend the party with. I had lost contact with Ryan, and didn't really mind. The people were dancing as I sipped on my beer. The bubbly liquid went down my throat as I felt someone run into me. \"Hey, Jay,\" I said, realizing who it was. \"Hey,\" he said smiling. \"Whoa, have ya'll already rolled one?\" \"Nope.\" The opening sounds of the new song permeated through the house. Led Zeppelin, the only thing I would listen to. The song was 'Your time is gonna come.'I'll never know if it was the beer talking, or the pot smoke I was breathing in, or just myself, but I'd found the boy I wanted for the night. He still stared grinning at me. Then Robert Plant's voice came ringing through the house. Lyin', cheatin', hurtin', that's all you seem to do. Messin' around with every guy in town, Puttin' me down for thinkin' of someone new. \"Hey, Jay, do you want to-\" \"Jay!\" a female voice chimed in. I looked around him to see a beautiful blonde-headed girl gliding to him. He saw her and his eyes widened. \"Hey,\" he responded. I looked at both incredulously. \"Do you want to come with me Jay?\" she said with an evil grin. I wanted to rip her head off. Always the same, playin' your game, Drive me insane, trouble is gonna come to you, One of these days and it won't be long, You'll look for me but baby, I'll be gone. This is all I gotta say to you woman: \"Yeah, I'll be right there,\" he said, that stupid smirk on his face. \"Who the hell are you?\" I said to the girl. \"Oh sorry Kimber, this is Amy,\" he said looking at me, as though to say go away. \"Fine,\" I said, trying to say it as if I didn't care. I turned on my heel and walked away. Your time is gonna come. Made up my mind to break you this time, Won't be so fine, it's my turn to cry. Do what you want, I won't take the brunt. It's fadin' away, can't feel you anymore. Don't care what you say 'cause I'm goin' away to stay, Gonna make you pay for that big hole in my heart. I walked through Tony's house, looking for anyone, anything at all. I didn't understand why I was so mad. Nothing had happened. I mean it wasn't as if I was into Jay. I couldn't be. It just wasn't right. I needed to roll one. Where the fuck was Tony and Stacy when you needed them? People talkin' all around, Watch out woman, no longer Is the joke gonna be on my heart. You been bad to me woman But it's coming back home to you. You time is gonna come. I walked out of the house, I had no more need to party. I threw my now empty cup in the house behind me. My feet pounded on the pavement as I walked back to my house. Flashback. My wavy, wet hair was cold on my back. The sand was sticking to my feet as I trudged up to the parking lot. Tony was rambling behind me to Jay, and Stacy was next to me. I didn't talk much. When we finally reached the parking lot I set down my surfboard and heard Tony say something about his dad grounding him, so he had to get home. I said my good byes and sat to put on my Vans. Then Stacy said he had to get to work, leaving Jay and I alone. We went five minutes without saying anything. I was so tired I didn't think I needed to. \" Kimber?\" he said tentatively. I didn't understand why. \" Jay?\" I said turning to him and smiling. I hoped he was going to make me laugh. I needed him to. \" Are you seeing anyone?\" he said looking at the ground. I stood up. This didn't sound like a good joke. \" No,\" I replied. It wasn't like him to be so… timid. Normally him and Tony were the loudest people I knew. \" Well, do you want to go out… with me? You know, like on a date?\" he said looking me in the eyes. \" Oh, well, Jay I'm sorry, but… there's this guy. We're not official or anything, but well…\" I trailed off. He said nothing, but looked like he was thinking over what I just said. \" This doesn't make it weird, does it?\" I asked. He was one of my best friends. We had been through so much together. It was as though Jay, Stacy and Tony were my brothers. But if possible, closer. \" No… no. 'Course not.\" He said and then we walked home together, leaving so many things unsaid. -- -- -- I crawled into my bed as this memory haunted me. My eyes closed to see his face light up, to another girl. I opened them again and they stung. There was no medium. The whole Stacy and the skate team thing, my mother and Ted thinking I was the worst child in the world, I had missed surfing so many times this week, and these feelings about Jay I couldn't figure out. Who even was the guy that I had turned him down for? I couldn't remember his name. This was pathetic. I'll never know how I did it, but my eyes closed, and I had to force them to stay like that. It took hours to fall asleep. -- -- -- I woke up the next day at 12. I hadn't planned on missing P.O.P. but it didn't bother me. I went into the kitchen without bothering to look in a mirror. Alex was in the kitchen. I had thought I was alone. \"Skipping school?\" I asked. \"Yeah, I just got here. What are you doing?\" he said not looking up from his bowl of cereal. \"I guess the same,\" I shrugged, going to the cereal shelf and grabbing a box of whatever cereal we had. \"What's up with you?\" he said curiously. \"I don't know. How's Janice?\" \"Okay, I guess. Don't try and change the subject.\" I hadn't moved from the shelf and didn't turn around to face him. What was up with me? -- -- -- Sorry this chapter was so short. And sorry it took so long, what with school and soccer. Anyway please please please review! -lette.[Chapter 4] I realize the chapter before this wasn't great. Sorry guys. It just needed to be finished. DISCLAIMER: I don't own anything. Except like Kimber and her family. Note: this chapter starts off with Donnie leaving. I know that in the first chapter I said Kent because I had looked it up and that's what it said. But then watching the movie again it says Donnie. So they're the same person. Sorry about that! -- -- -- \"God dammit!\" Jay screamed. I flinched back at the sound of his anger. Donnie had just left, and he was taking it hard. I had come over to apologize for how I acted at the party, but he had forgotten and now I was comforting him outside a shabby motel we had skated to. \"Jay…\" I whispered. \"No, you just shut up!\" he snapped. Oh no. This wasn't going to go well. \"Jay, listen to me,\" I said forcefully. \"This happened to me too!\" \"Yeah, but your mom has Ted now! Who the hell is going to support mine?\" \"I don't know,\" I whimpered. It pained me to see him like this. \"Exactly!\" he shouted again. His came closer to me and I thought he was going to hit me. He looked furious. I shrunk a little, but didn't move. I could take a punch. \"Kimber,\" he said softer, but just as forceful. \"What?\" \"I'm sorry,\" he said in a voice quieter than a whisper. This confused me. His eyes looked as though he was fighting with himself, a silent war was raging in his head. He examined my face with those beautiful eyes. \"For what?\" I asked. \"This,\" he muttered as his face moved closer. It took me by complete shock when his soft lips met mine. At first I froze, not realizing what was happening. Then I took my hand to the back of his head and pulled him closer. He didn't object and grabbed my waist and shoved my body against his own. Both of us were fighting for the leading position in the kiss. Our bodies tangled around each other, there seemed to be no opening between them. Both of us molded to the other flawlessly, like two puzzle pieces. Then my brain caught up with my actions. I pulled away, but he held onto me. \"Jay,\" I mumbled, instead of listening he kissed my neck. I tried again. \"Your drunk, stop,\" he didn't listen and continued with the kissing of my neck. \"Jay!\" I said loudly. He brought his face up, but didn't release his hold on me. I didn't mind. \"We can't do this, you don't like me. Not this way,\" it almost brought tears to my eyes. It was probably that time of the month. \"What are you talking about?\" \"We're just friends.\" \"I wan to be more.\" \"No you fucking don't! You just want to get laid!\" my eyes were leaking. \"No, I don't, I love you.\" \"You are so wasted.\" His grip loosened. I felt like I had been in this position way too many times, but never with Jay. I broke free and stomped away. The tears running freely as he stood there dumbfounded. -- -- -- I approached the pale blue car I would ride in to Del Mar. My legs were numb with nerves and excitement. But there was also a twinge of anxiety. I was going to see Jay today for the first time in a week. I had seen Stacy and Tony and we were fine. But with Jay I was just embarrassed. Today I had to ride for an hour or more with him? How would this happen? \"Hey, Kimber, man, you ready?\" asked Skip from the drivers seat. \"Yeah, man,\" I replied opening the trunk and throwing my board into it. Then I slid into the backseat where Jay, and Tony were sitting. Tony moved to the middle seat. Sid was upfront. \"Hey bitch!\" Tony called laughing. \"Shut up bastard,\" I replied. Tony and I lived to make fun of each other. \"Oh will do,\" he said still grinning. I didn't bother to look at Jay. I was most likely overreacting, but then so was he. \"Hey, what are ya'll going to do?\" Sid asked, looking back at us. He obviously thought we were prepared. \"Well, I'll be doing Kimber,\" Tony said raising his eyebrows at me. Jay glared at Tony. Skip whistled. \"Oh no you will not.\" \"Why who hasn't done you? Give him a chance!\" Jay piped up. \"You shut the fuck up you man whore.\" -- -- -- \"Excuse me, pardon me, coming through, ooh nice socks,\" Skip's voice slurred to all the people in line to sign in. Jay, Tony, Sid, Red Dog, Peggy, Shogo, Bob and the rest of the team were all following along in his wake. \"Red Dog, man you ready to kick these pansies asses?\" I asked him. \"Hell yeah babe. Hey but if that happens you'll drink in celebration and then make-out with another chick, right?\" I hit him in the arm. While we were talking Skip sweet-talked the guy at the sign in sheet and we were in. The scene that my eyes met repulsed me. It was a straight wooden glossed over plane. \"What the fuck?!\" I exclaimed to no one in particular. \"Dude, what the hell are we supposed to do on this frickin' table top?\" Red Dog shouted. As we moved in closer I saw many preppy boys doing moves I did when I was six. I couldn't help but laugh. We sat down, my mouth still hanging open. \"Kimber,\" a voice whispered in my ear. I recognized it as Jays. How did I end up next to him? \"What?\" I asked looking at him. I tried to make my expression harsh, but it just wouldn't cooperate. \"I'm sorry,\" he said. \"Whatever.\" \"Come on, can we just forget about it?\" he asked. \"Forget about what?\" he flinched at the harshness in my words. \"Next up riding for Zephyr Skate Team is Jay Adams,\" said a male voice. \"Your up,\" he had frozen staring at me. Then he raised himself and went over to the judging table and gave them something I couldn't see. The beginning riffs of Black Sabbaths 'Iron man' began to play. I then knew what he gave them. I couldn't take my eyes off of him. He was truly amazing. So… aggressive. I loved it. I cheered along with the rest of the team. He finished and returned to where we were sitting. I couldn't help but stand with the rest of the team and congratulate him. \"Hey! You totally blew me away!\" I heard a voice say. I turned and the smile slid off my face. It was Gabrielle. This girl I had never gotten along with. \"What? You wanna blow me?\" Jay said laughing. All the guys laughed with him. I tried to tune out whatever her answer would be, but couldn't. \"Maybe!\" she said with a grin of her own and turned to walk away. Slut. \"Next up, an independent skater, Stacy Peralta,\" the same male voice said. My head whipped back around. The long blonde hair of Stacy shone in the sunlight. He seemed to be glowing. My mouth dropped. I had heard that Jay broke the news to him but had avoided the topic when with him. -- -- -- \"Dude, it was a bitchin' punch,\" I said jokingly. It was completely wrong for the mood. I was standing at the back with Tony and Kathy. The judges were announcing the second place winner. Tony had the highest score, but because the head judge or whatever made a slur on his race, Tony had hit him. He then was bumped down to third. \"Second place, Jay Adams,\" the announcer shouted. Jay pranced up to him snatched the trophy and grabbed a girl around her waist to plant a kiss. Jealousy reared up inside of me. I could feel my face going red. He broke it off, and looked directly at me. There was no smile on his face, nor on mine. He didn't brake off the stare until he was engulfed by the audience. I then saw Stacy walk up politely and take the first place trophy. He couldn't stop smiling and I couldn't blame him. -- -- -- I threw my board in the trunk of the car. I felt as mad as Tony. I felt a slight pressure on my shoulder and saw Stacy who won first standing there. \"Congrats,\" I said with a forced smile. \"Thanks,\" he said, a broad grin on his face. He looked around and then asked, \"So what's up with you and Jay?\" \"Well, you know, he's just an ass,\" I said trying to make the conversation light. \"Don't play that game,\" he said seeing right through that. \"Nothing's wrong.\" \"I know what it is,\" he said a smile regaining its place on his face. \"You love him.\" \"Shut up!\" I said. \"I knew it! I knew it!\" I threw myself at him and took him to the ground with my hand on his mouth. \"Stace,\" I said I was on top of him. \"Never say anything, or you die. Okay?\" He licked my hand and I brought it off. He took both my wrists in each of his hands and flipped me to the ground so he was straddled on top of me. \"What are you gonna do?\" I dared him. \"Eh, this is as far as I thought it through. But I do have great blackmail now,\" he said as he got up and gave me a hand. \"Great,\" I sighed as he waved goodbye and walked to his car. I leaned against the car and watched people. Tony marched up to me. \"Hey, man,\" I said. \"Hey, Kimber,\" he sighed. \"T.A. I'm so sorry,\" I tried to say. He looked at me and then to the ground, then back up to me, his curly hair bouncing all the time. \"Yeah,\" he mumbled. \"I know what will cheer you up.\" And with that I got Tony Alva stoned. He was much happier and so was I, also being high. We got into the car when Jay, Sid, and Skip finally turned up. They knew we were high, and simply smirked. I leaned onto Tony's shoulder and played with his curls. \"They're just so bouncy,\" I said much louder than necessary. He looked at me and smiled a dopey smile. \"I'm hungry,\" he said suddenly. \"Oh my god! Me too! Skip I want French Fries! Now!\" I yelled. He groaned and then turned into the diner we had already decided to go to. After we had been seated, gotten our food, and Stacy had shown up, I was regaining a little bit of sense, enough to see Jay watching Kathy Alva very closely. But not enough to remember why I was so mad at him. What was it again? As I pondered this, a cold liquid hit me in the neck and face. I threw my fries in the direction I thought the water had come from. Everyone was throwing their food. \"Stop, Stop! You can't act like that here!\" said a pudgy man who waddled up to us. \"This is a family restaurant!\" His voice annoyed me and I stood up and threw my cup of Coke at him, staining his yellow shirt. Everyone laughed and started throwing food, but Skip laughed the loudest. Then Sid threw some lettuce and the man grabbed him. Skip lunged for the man, but he hit him. \"Hey! Hey! This is a family restaurant!\" Montoya yelled separating the two. But Skip broke loose and rejoined the fight. -- -- -- We drove home until it was only Jay, me and Skip in the car. I was almost asleep in the front seat when I heard Skip. \"Jayboy, you kicked ass.\" \"See you, Skip.\" I didn't open my eyes until I heard Skip start to drive again. \"So, didn't wanna say bye, eh?\" he said. How did he know? I opened my eyes and looked at him. \"I figured it'd be easier to just…\" \"Not talk? That's not like you. I've noticed you've been different lately. What's wrong maggot?\" \"I haven't been different,\" I lied. He was silent for a second. Then, \"Jayboy likes you.\" \"So?\" \"Different like. It's like likes actually likes. You know?\" \"Um… no.\" \"I think you do.\" \"Look Skip…\" \"Hey, don't 'Skip' me. I know things when I see them. You didn't see him the day after he found out about Roger.\" \"You mean Ryan?\" \"Whatever,\" he said exasperatedly. \"You know what I mean. And I think you should give him a chance. He's a good kid.\" \"Yeah I know that, but we're just friends,\" why did I keep saying that? \"Whatever you say you little punk.\" We pulled up to my house and he said goodnight and kicked me out of his car. -- -- -- The cold wind whipped my hair around my face. \"It's still flat,\" Sid said. \"Three days in a row,\" Jay sighed. I was standing on the pier with them, watching the now flat gray water. \"Hey!\" called the familiar voice of Tony, who threw a small rock at us. \"Get in!\" Next to him stood Stacy stuffing his face with a sandwich. We ran to the car with Stacy driving, Jay up front, and me, Tony, and Sid in the back. I had no idea where we were going, until we left Dogtown, and entered the Valley. \"What the fuck?\" I asked Tony who was directing. \"You'll see,\" he said. We drove into a nice neighborhood, where people were leaving their house. \"Stop, stop, stop. Here,\" Tony said quickly as the car rolled to a stop. \"Hey, isn't that the girl from Del Mar?\" Stacy said, looking back at Tony. He nodded. \"Ooh,\" I crooned. \"Guys, what are we doing here?\" Sid wondered. Tony hit him in the stomach. \"Shut up boy. And sit back,\" he demanded. Meanwhile in the front seat, Jay was playing with Stacy's window. He rolled it down, back up, and then tried down again. But he never finished because the handle broke. \"Dammit, Jay! Do you know how much this is gonna cost me? Your and idiot!\" Stacy yelled. The rest of us sniggered, as Jay whispered, \"Jesus.\" \"Get down, get down, get down!\" Tony said as the people who were leaving finally pulled out of their driveway. We all ducked and heard the car rumble down the street. We took our boards and got out of Stace's car. We tried unsuccessfully to hide them under our shirts and jogged to the white wooden fence that led to a backyard. \"Dude are we gonna rob this place?\" Tony then showed us a set of keys. \"Damn, dude,\" I said. We ran through the yard to and empty pool. Alva had jumped in before I registered anything. \"This wave breaks 24 hours a day, every day. And you know what bros? We're gonna be the first to ride it!\" he said from the pool. \"Fucking brilliant!\" I called darting into the pool after him. The others followed. I felt the wall. It was so steep. I was so excited. \"There's no way, this is too gnarly,\" Stacy said from the other side. \"Not if you got the balls,\" Tony yelled running into Jay. We all ran to the shallow side of the empty pool. Mad Dog went first. He rode down the slope and tried going up the side underneath the diving board. His board came out from under him and he fell to the ground. \"Aw,\" we all seemed to moan together. It happened to Stacy too, except he slid down the side. And again to Jay, who fell with a backflip to the bottom. Then I tried. I went down the slope with the familiar swooping sensation in my stomach and gained speed going up the wall. But the board stayed on the pool wall, while I fell to the bottom like the others. I saw my board still sliding when I fell and threw my hands over my head just in time, as it came to hit me. I pushed it, and tried to feel if anything hurt. Other than some stinging, which was normal, I was fine and returned to the other side. Jay shouted, \"It's this stupid diving board!\" We ran up to move it and Jay pushed it away himself. And back into the pool we went. Alva started again. \"Hit it low,\" Jay said. Tony pulled it off. Then Jay went. \"Over the light!\" \"Whoa…\" \"Damn!\" And Stacy after that went over the light perfectly too. I then succeeded going over the light. Sid tried, but his board popped out and he fell with a crash to the floor, and didn't move. We ran to look at him. Tony poked him with his board. Sid stirred and looked at us. \"Aw, ah,\" were the noises he made. \"Are you alright, man?\" Stacy asked. \"I-I can't feel my feet,\" this scared me but he continued sticking a joint in his mouth, \"But then again, I can never feel my feet,\" he finished laughing. Jay hit him on the head, and we began to skate once more. It began that day, and then we had binoculars searching for empty pools. The group began to get bigger and bigger. And we were getting better. We soon had people watching us and cops searching for us. -- -- -- \"Hey, dude, which way do I live?\" I panted. Jay and I had ran from a house and gotten separated from the others. The setting sun had disappeared to complete darkness. I had no idea where we were. \"Aw, shit,\" I groaned. \"Nah, man I'll get you home,\" he said looking around and still wearing the hat he had stolen from the old man. \"Really? And how are you gonna do that?\" \"Just follow me,\" he sighed going left down an alleyway. I ran to catch up with him. I didn't realize it but it was weird being alone with Jay now. We had never resolved the issue and hadn't ever been alone since. After a few minutes of silence, \"So… what's up?\" I said stupidly. He looked at me like I was crazy. \"Kimber, we need to figure this out.\" \"What?\" I asked. \"You know what,\" he said and stopped walking. I sat down on the curb directly under and orange streetlight. \"So, what is it?\" I said, wanting him to start. \"That night when we kissed. What did you mean by it?\" \"God, you're serious tonight,\" I teased. \"Just answer the damn question,\" he pressed on. \"Okay, okay… um… I just got caught up in it you know?\" he nodded and sat next to me. His face glowed the gold orange light of the streetlamp, making his eyes dark, but still as piercing. \"Wait, what did you mean?\" I asked him. \"I really meant it,\" he said solemnly. \"Really?\" \"I guess… I mean… I really fucked up our relationship, huh?\" he said at an attempt for a laugh. \"Wait, you meant it though?\" \"Don't make me repeat myself,\" he said, his face in his hands. I took one hand in my own and used my other to turn his face to me. \"Damn, you fuck everything up,\" I sighed as I moved inwards to him. Our lips met again, and the natural feeling seemed to crawl up inside of us. It just felt right. He began to lie down on the hard pavement and let my frame lay on top of his. His hands on my hips and mine now on his bare chest, we stayed, making out until common sense washed over us. \"You know,\" he said, now back to his normal self, \"I wasn't drunk when I said I loved you.\" \"We're you high?\" \"Flying.\" \"That explains it,\" I said smirking. He sat upright pulling me into the sitting position also. \"Where do we go from here?\" I asked him. \"I think right.\" \"No you idiot, I mean like…\" \"Oh, I guess, we could, be like a, you know…\" \"Yeah, sure… that'd be fine,\" I stood to my feet. -- -- -- review people, review! Cause if you're reading and not reviewing… grr. I need feedback/ideas. I know where I want this to go, but its getting there. Thanks if you help! -lette.[Chapter 5] I do not ownnanything…blah blah blah. -- -- -- Perhaps it was the factnthat Jay and I were together. Or maybe that I was on a skate team. Itncould also be that school had ended so Kendall was off my back. Maybenit was a combination of the three, and that the parties had gottennten times better. Whatever it was, I woke up the next morning feelingnelated. That night Jay had walked me home, and kissed me for whatnseemed like forever, although we did have a few things to say. \"Hey, Jay,\" Inmurmured, while we were lying on the hard pavement outside my house.nHe was on top of me. It had been a fairly romantic night, I had tonhand it to the guy. \"Hmm?\" he replied,nand then tried to start making out again. \"No, just onensecond,\" I said, pushing him off me and going to a sittingnposition. \"I have a question.\" \"What?\" \"Well, I don'tnthink we should tell anyone about this.\" \"Why?\" he asked,nlooking dumbfounded. \"Dude, we're likenthe most unlikely couple. And you have like so many girls all overnyou,\" I tried to explain. How could I tell him that the reason Indidn't want anyone to know is because I didn't want to be screwednover by him? And then have everyone know? \"Yeah, whatever,\"nhe sighed. \"You know, I just really wanted to tell the guys Infucked you,\" he said making the conversation light again. \"Boy, you're notngetting that far,\" I replied, a smirk on my face. Maybe he would benthe first boy to do that. Although it seemed I had done that withnevery boy I dated, I did have self-respect and feministic values.nBesides if I did they would leave in an instant, I was sure of that.nSo I would play the game like they could get some, then dump themnwhen they got close. It was quite fun. I crawled out of bednreliving this memory. It was hard to believe I was dating a guy Inshared so many interests with. But we weren't dating. I had to keepnreminding myself of that, although it was hard not to smile as Inbrushed my teeth. I saw Stacy's carnpull up on the street in front of my house. I walked down the beatennconcrete steps to the car. Stacy was driving, I saw Kathy in thenfront seat with the still broken window, Tony behind Kathy, and Sidnnext to Tony. My heart sank in the slightest when I noticed Jaynwasn't in there. \"Move, Tony,\" Insaid, as he slid over to give me room. \"Ooh, I like it whennyou boss me around,\" he said, flashing one of his priceless grins,nthat made most girls blush. \"What about Blanca,nTony. Won't she mind?\" I asked, making Kathy turn around. \"What's she talkingnabout?\" she questioned. Kathy and Blanca were close friends. \"Your dead, Wolffe,\"nhe whispered in my ear, then said audibly, \"Nothing, Kimber justnmeans… about the gift I bought her. You know and then gave tonBlanca, because Kimber stole it, or something,\" he finished lamely. \"Uh-huh,\" she saidnwith her accent thicker than normal. Stacy bit his lip innthe driver's seat to restrain his laughter. \"So, Stace, you andnKathy official?\" I wondered aloud, knowing it would be morenuncomfortable with her there. How interesting. His laughter cut atnonce. \"Uh…\" he tried tonstart, but Kathy cut him off. \"Course we are,nchica,\" she said trying to make it sound nicer. Kathy and I hadnnever gotten along, mainly because I socked her in 9thngrade for trashing Pink Floyd. I was proud of the punch because itngave her a black eye for a week. I grinned thinking of it. \"Where we headednStace?\" Sid asked. \"Venice Noodle,\" hensaid still blushing from my question. \"Who all is gonna benthere?\" I tried to make it sound like I didn't care. \"Red Dog, Peggy,nShogo, and Jay I think, Biniak might show too,\" Stacy rattled off. \"Why do you care? Younlove everyone,\" Tony's voice muttered in my ear to where only Incould hear him. I looked at him and smelled the scent of cinnamon.nDamn he always smelled good. \"I don't I was justnwondering,\" I lied easily. We could speak normally now that Kathynhad turned up some Aerosmith. \"I think not. Younhave a thing for someone in the group, and I'm gonna find out,nbaby. You just wait.\" \"Hah, who would I beninterested in?\" \"I don't know…nJayboy?\" I tried not to flush. \"Last night you and him ran off inna direction and I didn't see either of you again.\" \"Jay's a completenasshole,\" I said as though offended. Truth be told I couldn'tncare less. \"And we've been friends since I was six.\" \"Yeah, but remembernin fifth grade whenever you would wrestle with him? He was trying tonget to second base.\" \"What a littlenpervert.\" \"You love a littlenpervert.\" \"Fuck off Alva.\" \"I touched a nerve.\" \"T.A. I swear I willntell Kathy about all your scandals with other girls, and Blanca willndump you in a second,\" I wouldn't ever do that. \"You-\" but at thatntime I noticed we were in the parking lot for the Venice Noodle, andnthrew the car door open and went to the restaurant. I walked in withnStacy who had caught up with me. We saw them immediately. The loudestngroup of teenage asses causing a riot you could find. I walked overnto them sitting in the biggest booth in the corner of the place. Jaynlooked up as he saw me, and I thought his face lit up a little. I hadnactually looked at the clothes I would put on this morning before Inwore them. I had the shortest cutoffs I could find, a tight GratefulnDead shirt that showed off my midriff well, and my usual Vans. Mynhair was down and wavy with the blue showing up especially bright. \"Hey,\" he saidnslowly, looking me up and down. Stacy looked between us shocked. Innoticed this while Jay didn't. \"Move over jackass,\"nI said laughing. He came out of his trance and moved for me to sitnnext to him. Stace looked as though he was trying to figure out whatnhe just saw when Kathy came up and pulled him into the booth, withnher practically in his lap. \"Trying to get me tonnotice you?\" Jay whispered out of the side of his mouth. \"Not at all, justnthought I wouldn't wear a bra today,\" I said, equally quietly.nHis head spun to my chest and he stared for a second. \"Justnkidding, God…\" \"Don't do that tonme,\" he said with a malicious grin. I saw Tony's amused face outnof the corner of my eye and decided to do something about it. I tooknJay's fries and threw them directly in his face, some gettingncaught in his curls. He took the ketchup bottle from the middle ofnthe table and squirted it all over me. I was so angry with himnruining my clothes I couldn't say anything. I wiped my eyes andnmouth as clean as I could while I heard the others throwing food. Inheard footsteps running to our table, and looked through my stingingneyes to see the manager, Stacy's boss. Shit. Inloved seeing my friends in awkward situations, but Stacy being fired?nI wouldn't be able to live with myself. I ran through some optionsnquickly in my head, while the others continued waging war. Normally Incould use my body, but I was covered in ketchup. Maybe it would be anturn on? No it wouldn't be. I could try taking the blame for it,nbut it most likely would still get him in trouble. The manager wasngetting closer as I decided to just grab Stacy and run through thenfire exit. I hurled myself over Tony, and took Stacy's upper arm,nand heaved. Kathy fell and the manager simply stared after us. Henthen began yelling things at the others. We fell out the back doornwith sunlight washing over us. He looked at me gratefully. \"Thanks, I didn'tneven notice he was coming over there,\" he said laughing slightly atnthe narrow escape. \"Yeah, well, I'mnsmart,\" I said smiling, but on the inside I was a little annoyed.nJay and I were separated for the time being. \"You look prettyndisgusting,\" he told me. It was true. My hair was matted withnketchup and my shirt was completely covered in it. My face had anredish tint to it. \"Ew, it reallynsmells,\" I sighed, further examining my now ruined outfit. That'snwhat I got for trying to look nice. Fuck this. -- -- -- I walked up the stepsnto my house with Stacy. We had decided to hang out there for a while,nthen check Zephyr. I opened the bright red door to the messy house. Insaw my siblings lounging around, and then, oddly enough, my mother.nShe was supposed to be at work. She was sitting alone at the circularntable with her head in her hands, her beautiful light brown hair wasntangled, as though her hands had been running through it. I looked atnStacy and said, \"Hey, go hang withnAlex or something. I have to talk to my mom,\" he understood and satnnext to Alex on the yellow couch. They were watching Charlie'snAngels. I walked over to the table and sat down in the chair acrossnfrom Kendall. She started at the squeak of the wheels on the chair. \"Oh, honey, it'snyou,\" she mumbled. I noticed that her normally soft and pretty facenlooked lined and stressed. Her big light brown eyes were full ofnsomething like disappointment. I couldn't tell for sure. \"What's wrong?\" Inasked. \"Nothing, nothing…\"nthis was a terrible lie in my opinion, for there had never been anworse giveaway. \"Seriously, tell me.\" \"Well, today at work…nwhat happened to you?\" she had just registered my stainednappearance. I could tell that she had jumped to the conclusion ofnblood. \"Ketchup, but whatnabout your job?\" I said waving my hand to dismiss the fact. \"I… got fired.\" \"Why?\" I asked,nsuddenly worried. \"Well, just being toontired, and not good enough. But Kimber, I don't want you tellingnanyone about this okay? I don't want your siblings to worry…\"nshe trailed off. \"Look mom I can get anjob-\" \"That's notnnecessary,\" she said standing up. And with that she left me sittingnat the table alone. -- -- -- The small battery wasncold against my hand. I reached up to my hood and brought it lowernover my face. I noticed that Tony, Jay and Stacy weren't trying tonbe as inconspicuous as I was. I looked at their faces and said in thenmost demanding voice I could muster, \"Look, dudes, younhave to try and… not look like yourselves.\" \"Ugh… shut up.nThey'll pick us up anyway,\" Tony snapped back. We werenstanding at the bus stop and all had batteries in our hands. We wouldnthrow them at passing cars, or pedestrians while on the bus. A fewnminutes later the shabby blue and white bus came to a rolling stopnand opened its doors. The elderly man that was muttering to himselfnstepped slowly on first, we followed. I realized my smirk wasnimplanted onto my face as Jay, who was walking behind me, pushed mynbutt up the three stairs. The driver, a pudgy balding man, didn'tnspare a glance at us. I breathed a sigh of relief. What else would Inhave done with my day? Sure, I could spend it with Jay, but how wouldnwe ever be alone. We took our normal spots at the back of the bus,nthe two across from each other. I slid into the plastic seat hopingnJay would be the one to slide next to me. He did. I smiled for ansecond catching his eye. He grinned stupidly at me, showing me thenbatteries in his hands. I couldn'tnhelp but notice the beautiful glint in his topaz eyes. I was drowningnin them, but this type of drowning was one in which I never wouldnwant to breathe again. \"Hey, roll down thenwindow,\" Jay said to me. I couldn't help but die a little insidenat such a stupid remark. \"Okay…\" Inreplied, taking the top of the window and pulling it down halfway. Inlooked to my left and saw Tony doing the same with Stacy watchingneagerly. \"So,\" he said in anlower voice. \"How've you been? You disappeared today after thenVenice Noodle.\" \"I had to save Stacynfrom losing his job,\" I whispered back, not looking at him. \"Whatever, what arenyou doing tonight?\" \"Nothing, why?\" \"Lets hang out,\" hensaid, raising his eyebrows in the slightest. \"What does thatninvolve?\" His eyebrows went even farther up his forehead. \"Yeah, that'd benfine,\" I agreed. \"Can we throw the batteries already?\" I asked.nTony and Stacy had already thrown half of their ammo. \"Sure,\" he grinnednand leaned over me to throw the first battery at a biker. After we had beennthrown off the bus, the day passed without incident. We smoked a fewnblunts, ripped a few pools, and the guys harassed many girls. The darkness of nightncame quickly and I said my goodbyes to the guys, claiming to feelingnsick. Jay and I had devised this plan. He would take a differentnroute than me, but the two crossed paths. My Van clad feet tread downna sidewalk, passed a warehouse and came to a cross-section. I scannednthe direction Jay would be coming from and saw no one. I sat down,nknowing my path was much shorter. I felt verynconflicted. The thought had been running threw my mind many timesnthat day: what would happen when Jay and I broke up? But then againnwe weren't even a real couple. Yet I desired to be one. Whichnbrought me back to the original problem. Would our friendship ever benthe same? Well I knew it would never be the same for me. I couldn'tnhelp but feel a very magnetic connection to him. The sound ofnapproaching footsteps brought me out of my trance. Thinking it wasnJay I spun my head to the unknown person with a broad grin.nUnfortunately, the voice that spoke belonged to a girl. \"Kimber! What are youndoing out here?\" Kathy's voice exclaimed. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. All Incould do was hope that Jay wouldn't come around the corner. \"I… Um…\" Instuttered out, becoming aware of how weird I must have looked sittingndown. \"Jay and I were gonna go skate.\" \"Just you and him?\"nshe asked. I knew perfectly well that she was always on the hunt forna piece of gossip. I pushed myself to my feet to reach her eye level.nThey were a deep brown and her long hair had a red glow about it. Inwas realizing how much more beautiful she was than I. Another set ofnfootsteps echoed through the night. This time they were actuallynJay's. I heard them slow, obviously taking in the scene. He reachednthe spot where we had stood and his bewildered expression wasnreadable. \"Oh, hey you guys,\"nhis gaze lingered on her for a second longer than it had on me. Morenjealousy reared up inside of me. \"Jay,\" she drawled.n\"Hey.\" \"What are you doingnhere?\" he questioned. He looked her up and down. I then realizednshe was wearing a clean, flowing white shirt and a denim skirt. If hendidn't stop looking I was going to hit him. Without giving her timento answer, I cut in using an innuendo I knew her small mind couldn'tnfigure out. \"Well, I don't knownabout you two, but I think it's going to rain,\" I glanced up atnthe clear sky. \"I really want to get wet, but not out here,\"nJay's mouth almost dropped. Kathy looked at me as though I wasncrazy. \"I'll see you two later,\" I finished smirking andnwalking away slowly. I heard him exchange a hurried goodbye and rannto catch pace with me. \"Decided to join me?\"nI said with a smirk. \"Lets go to mynplace,\" he told me. \"Sweet.\" Fifteen minutes laternwould find us walking up his stairs. He swung open the screen door tonhis cozy house. I had always been welcome here. \"Phalaine!\" Incalled seeing her in the next room. There was no need to shout, apartnfrom my excitement of seeing her for the first time in a while. Jaynrolled his eyes and went to the fridge. \"Sweetie! How arenyou?\" she asked moving towards me and giving me a tight hug. Hernblond hair and green eyes smiled at me, as though she were my ownnmother. \"I'm good, you?\" \"Just fine… fine.nJayboy, honey, that ham went bad a month ago.\" He spit out the hamnimmediately and she turned back to me. \"It's so nice to see younagain! You need to come around again, where have you been-\" \"Mom!\" Jayninterrupted. \"Kimber and I were gonna go hang, so, can you like…\" \"Oh, I get it,\" shensaid with a wink at us. Jay flushed as he took my arm and led me intonhis room. He swept me into his room and threw me onto the bed. I gavena small gasp as he leaped on top of me and began kissing me. It wasnever so natural with him, never forced. He parted his lips and minenand looked down at me. His golden hair hung with a curtain on eachnside of his head. His topaz eyes were shining with excitement andnpassion as he licked his pink lips. He then came from being on top ofnme to beside me in his bed. His arms stayed around me and he placednhis head parallel to mine. We fell asleep holding each other, notnbothering to even take off our shoes. -- -- -- -- Sorry, this chapter wasna filler. Very much so. And I realize that some of the charactersn(Stacy) are a little off to how the movie portrayed them. It'snbecause I read an interview with Tony Alva and he said Stacy wasn'tnthat straight and Jay that angry. So I went by it. But it'd be coolnif you'd review! Cause I need it to keep writing. -lette.[Chapter 6] I don't own Lords of Dogtown, or any of the music I use. I realize that many of my chapters start off in the morning and I'm trying to stop. -- -- -- A bright ray of golden sunlight was shining through the window. It cascaded across our faces like a warm bath. My legs were tangled around in his, while his arms held me tightly. I could feel his hot breath on my forehead with my face being buried in his neck. I breathed in deeply, and smelled him. That sweet smell of wood, and his skin was so soft. I knew he was still asleep and didn't want to wake him, but I was beginning to get uncomfortable in this position. My eyes fluttered open, and the lashes tickled his Adams Apple. I shifted my head upwards to try and place it on a pillow, but he caught the movement. He gave a grunt and his eyes slowly opened. His lips curved into a small smile as he said sleepily, \"Morning.\" All I could do was smile back at him for fear of morning breath. I gestured to the door and he released me to turn over to his other side, no doubt falling asleep once again. As I climbed out of his bed quietly, I couldn't help but think of how nice it was to just sleep with him and not have him pine for sex. I walked slowly down the hall in the clothes I had worn the night before. Thankfully, Phalaine was off at work so I exited the house without a disturbance. I walked down the steps of his place and headed in the direction of P.O.P. I had a feeling Skip might be there, just waiting for waves, and I wanted to talk to him about how I performed at Del Mar. -- -- -- The pale blue waves smashed against the sand. The gentle breeze came warmly onto my face as I walked into the sand. I saw Skip sitting on his board out in the water, but it was flat. \"Skip! Man there's no use!\" I heard Chino shouting. \"I know! I know!\" Skip yelled back. A few of his friends began paddling in at this remark, but Skip's head did a fleeting sweep of the ocean, before finally giving in. He came in sighing, when Chino pointed at me. \"Maggot! Where've you been?\" Skip called out, as I walked over to his side. He shook his shaggy, wet hair, splattering me with droplets of water. \"Just around, you know,\" I said drying my cheek, which was the wettest. \"Hey, Skip, I was wondering… about Del Mar.\" \"What about it?\" \"How do you think I did?\" \"You're one of the best on the team, but…\" he paused and looked for the first time I had known him, like he was choosing his words. \"You're always messing around with it, man. Gotta get serious to win.\" I considered this. Jay had fun with it, but he was much better than I was, and could do that. Otherwise most of them did take it seriously, and Skip Engblom had actually said something that made sense. \"Yeah, I get it. You're right.\" \"I know I am. Go do something useful, alright? I got important things to do,\" he finished waving me away. -- -- -- \"Peggy, hey!\" I called at her, after she had almost hit me while I was sliding up the side of the pool on my board. \"Kimber! Get over here!\" the girl cried, jumping out of the empty pool and going into the house. I stood there, bewildered by this demanding new behavior of hers. \"Now!\" she yelled, coming back into the doorway. I did not direct my body to actually obey the demand of Peggy's, yet it followed. I maneuvered my way out of the pool and into the eccentric house. It had a high ceiling and beautiful stone walls. Peggy made her way down one of its many hallways, with me at her heels. She took a right through a wooden door, which lead to a very wide bedroom. The bed was a king with a deep blue comforter, which complimented the light blue walls. Peggy spun me onto the bed and gave me a hard look. \"Tell me.\" \"What?\" I asked, dumbfounded. \"Who he is!\" she said excitedly at the prospect of a new boyfriend. \"Peggs, I'm not with anyone,\" I said firmly. \"Yes, you so are,\" she smirked. \"No, seriously,\" I sighed on the inside, was it always so obvious? \"If I had a new guy, you'd know before me.\" With that I pushed myself off the bed and through the door, back out to the pool, with her following me, thinking over what she had just heard. A few wolf-whistles met my ears as Peggy and I exited the house together. Tony ran up to me, a dopey grin in place. \"How was it?\" he said laughing. \"Oh, shut up,\" I grumbled, not in the mood for this. I found myself wishing that Jay and I were alone. He, meanwhile, stood with his board propped up into his hand staring at the scene of hormonal guys, but not partaking in it. I took a leap into the drained pool, grabbed my own board, and took off. He smiled a small smile obviously knowing what a showoff I was. -- -- -- I strutted inside the small house, cramped with people. I recognized the heads of my three best friends on Tony's couch drinking beer. I made my way through the people towards them and perched myself on the arm of the couch. They looked up at me and grinned. Jay handed me his beer, as he was closest (which I hade done on purpose), and I took a sip. A tingle shot down my spine that had nothing to do with the bubbly liquid. The taste of his lips remained on the plastic cup, tantalizingly sweet. I gave it back to him and his hand brushed mine, sending another electric shock wave. I bit my lip. It was all I could do to keep myself from pouncing on top of him. \"Dudes, lets go get high,\" I stated. Instantly they stood and I led the way to Tony's room. It had both he and Kathy's bed parallel from each other, decorated to their own liking. I sat myself down on Kathy's bed with Jay as Stacy and Tony sat on the other. Tony pulled a white joint out of his pocket and lit it. It was slowly passed around until it reached me. I took it gratefully and held in my puff of smoke. It burned my throat as I released it and took another breath. Slowly the joint came to an end, as my senses slowly burned out as well. We left the room back to the party. A new song was playing. Feeling so tired, can't understand it Just had a fortnight's sleep I'm feeling so tired, I'm so distracted Ain't touched a thing all week. I'm feeling drunk, juiced up and sloppy Ain't touched a drink all night I'm feeling hungry, can't see the reason Just ate a horse meat pie A voice I had not heard in what seemed like forever rang in my ear. \"Hey, I haven't seen you around.\" I turned to see the sleek black hair and blue eyes. \"Hey man,\" I slurred happily. I was too high to remember that I had practically broken contact with him, instead of breaking up with him properly. \"Are you excited to see me?\" he smiled, obviously thinking I would laugh. \"Oh, well Ryan, I'm just… surprised,\" I said, forcing a small grin. It came out as a grimace. I saw Jay out of the corner of my eye, watching us closely. I felt my mind slide a little into place. Yeah, when you call my name I salivate like a Pavlov dog Yeah, when you lay me out My heart is beating louder Than a big bass drum, alright Yeah, you got to mix it child You got to fix it, must be love It's a bitch, alright He seemed to pick up on my utter embarrassment. His smile became smaller and his eyes scanned the room landing on Jay. He had noticed Jay looking at us. Ryan glanced at me, back to Jay and finally figured it out. Jay's eyes did not waver under the glare of Ryan's. \"Kimber, who's that?\" he asked raising his eyebrows in a dangerous manner. \"That's Jay, you remember him,\" I said glancing at the floor, hoping I would not let anything slip. Sometimes I'm sexy, move like a stud Like I'm kicking the stall all night Sometimes I'm so shy, got to be worked on Don't have no bark or bite, alright Yeah, when you call my name I salivate like a Pavlov dog Yeah, when you lay me out, My heart is bumpin' louder Than a big bass drum, alright Mick Jagger finished the song with more 'hey's and 'yeah's and one more 'alright.' I wished I could finish this embarrassing moment like he had finished that song. Jay approached us and turned his back on Ryan to lock eyes with me. \"Hey, babe.\" \"Man, I'm talking to her here!\" Ryan said, shoving Jay in the shoulder. He had obviously been drinking, because Ryan was not aggressive normally. \"Yeah man I can see that,\" Jay said nonchalantly, turning to face Ryan. \"Give us some space then.\" \"Fuck,\" I whispered to myself, jumping in the middle of them with my arms out on either side of me, going into their chests. The jump had made my head spin, and I wondered for a second what I was doing, standing in the middle of two guys. \"Kimber, get out of this!\" Jay said, and for the first time when he was high, he had become angry. He did not look at me. I realized that many people in the vicinity had began to watch us. \"Jay,\" I purred in his ear. \"Just let it go. Please.\" \"Yeah, pussy, just let it go!\" Ryan jeered. \"Kimber, move!\" he yelled at me, but Ryan pushed me aside, and I being unprepared, fell to the ground. \"What did you just do?\" Jay asked menacingly. \"Whatever man, I'm out of here.\" But before Ryan could leave, Jay lunged clumsily at him, punching him square in the jaw. I sprang to my feet, well aware everyone was now watching hard, and I called out, \"Stacy! Tony!\" The two ran to the front of the population watching and flung themselves onto Jay and Ryan. Stace managed to get a hold on Jay while Tony grabbed Ryan. \"Dude, chill!\" Stacy said to Jay, who was panting. He nodded and glared at me. I faltered under his glare, and trembled a little. Jay released himself from Stacy and left the house. Stacy came up to me, with a disdainful look. \"You better follow him,\" he told me solemnly. \"I know,\" I replied frowning a little, but left the party anyway. Many whispers reached my ears, and I was sure I knew whom and what they were about. When I walked outside he was nowhere to be seen. It didn't matter, for I had a vague idea of where he was. The full moon was reflected in the deep blue of the ocean. A rock shattered the calmness of the water and ripples broke through it, eventually evaporating. I did not need to search for the person whom had thrown the rock. I trudged through the sand and reached him. \"Jay,\" I said, but when he didn't cut me off or yell, I froze. That was as far as I had planned. \"Um…\" I began again. \"Listen, I'm sorry.\" He grunted and threw another rock. The splash of it sent more ripples and a chill through me. I stood there in silence, staring out at the ocean. A few minutes of quiet later he spoke. \"Sorry? That's it?\" he would not give me the courtesy of looking at me. \"What do you want?\" I wondered out loud. \"Oh I don't know… how about that guy's a dick and don't worry about him?\" I was surprised. Was that his way of saying apologize? \"Why should I apologize? What did I do? And you need to get a hold of yourself, God…\" I trailed off still staring at only the side of his face. He chose not to answer my first two questions.\"A hold of myself, huh?\" Another rock was thrown, and still he didn't look at me. \"Look, we don't even need to break anything, because there's nothing to break. So you can leave now.\" \"Jay… look I don't know what you're talking about,\" he finally looked at me and it shocked me. His eyes, normally so light and happy, were full of anger and hatred. Cold hatred, that seemed to make everything disappear. \"Hpmph,\" was all the sound he made, and then he turned his head back to the sea. Suddenly, frustration and anger to match Jay's swooped inside of me and I wanted to tackle him. But, I knew that would only make it worse. So I decided to scream. \"Look at me!\" His head snapped around, eyes still hating me, but said nothing. I took advantage and pushed my lips onto his, trying to put what I couldn't say into the kiss. I tried to communicate the way I felt for him and show him that I was sorry, though I had no idea what I had done. He froze for a second under my impulse but gave in, placing his strong hands on the back of my head. I broke the kiss and looked into his topaz eyes. The coldness had gone, but he still looked conflicted. I couldn't stand it. \"Jay, I don't know what the hell I did, but I'm not sorry,\" I said, not letting go of the fact that I thought I was innocent. His face remained close to mine, his hand still cupping my head, as he simply gazed at me. I waited for what seemed like a minute, and he said nothing, just stared. \"Forget it,\" I said, my anger flooding back. I tried to leave but he caught me around my waist and whispered, \"You live that way,\" he pointed the other direction. \"I know that,\" I said indignantly. \"Then where are you going?\" \"I… um…\" I muttered, looking back at my black and white checkered Vans. I shrugged my shoulders. I felt the warmth of his touch as he titled my head back up to look at him. And for the first time I saw his face clearly in the moonlight. It was the face of comfort when I was depressed, the features of glee when I wished to have fun, and the shapes of every feeling in between. I needed to get a grip on myself. Why was I falling so hard, just to break up? I would never settle down. I knew then that was how it would end and I still wanted him, with every fiber of my being. And he kissed me, and it contained the passion and excitement. The sweetness of his mouth was perfectly in synched with what my own was doing. Finally, I felt the need for air. He took my hand and pulled me down to the sand. He lay down and I settled my own head on his chest, letting the beauty of the deep blue, sky wash over us, mingled with the pure white crescent moon and the twinkling stars. They seemed to smile down at us, in an annoyingly knowing way I could not explain, but as if they knew our futures. -- -- -- My back was stiff and I felt grainy all over my body. It was a very uncomfortable position. I opened my eyes and they stung viciously. I shut them quickly, sat up and rubbed them hard with my hands. Immediately I realized my mistake. My hands were covered with sand, which had seeped through my eyelids, forcing them to burn even more violently. I staggered in the direction I thought the ocean might be, when I felt someone grab me around the waist. I jumped and gave a little shriek, but could not open my eyes. I flung my arms wildly around hoping to hit my attacker. \"Whoa, dude take it easy, Kimber,\" Jay said in an easy-going voice, while taking my wrists gently in his hands. I relaxed a little. \"My-eyes-hurt,\" I staggered out. I felt insanely childish. \"Come here,\" he said pulling me by the hand. I realized that we were no longer in the sand, but the solid, flat ground of the parking lot. \"What? Where? Jay?\" I asked blindly. \"Ugh… just shut up… I have to sneak you in the back…\" he muttered. I heard a door creak open and Jay led me into cool air and the smell of pancakes wafted toward me. He took a sharp turn and I heard another door open, hang open for a second and then him yank me hard. I heard the sound of running water and he placed my hands underneath it. I felt the grains of sand roll off my hands, and bent over to put my face under the water. It was cool and I rubbed the sand off of my eyes. I came up and opened them. In the cracked, rusty, old mirror, I saw my drained face. Jays face stood expectantly by mine, staring into my eyes through the mirror. It shocked me the way he looked at me. No other guy could do that. But then I took a closer look at myself, and was a little amazed. Even with my eyes red and puffy, I did not look half bad. My dark hair hung straight and shiny, only in the slightest frizzy. My eyes were bright and lips pink. My olive skin seemed to give off a glow, and my cheeks were rosy. \"You ready?\" he grinned, still looking through the mirror. I didn't smile back but walked through the door and out into the diner. \"We're eating. I'm hungry,\" I stated heading to a booth. I sat down on the plastic and watched him sit. He was wearing a plain black shirt and some faded jeans. He too, was covered in sand. His golden hair glimmered in the faint light and his topaz eyes were watching mine, watching his. He picked up a menu and perused it. I took my own and looked it over. \"Um… I'm getting the chocolate chip pancakes,\" I told him, setting down the menu. \"What about you?\" \"Omelet,\" he said tonelessly. \"So, Kimber, you think everyone knows? I wouldn't mind… now we can get it on,\" he laughed. \"Ugh… whatever,\" I grumbled. That wasn't what I wanted to hear right now. We sat in silence for a few minutes, before he broke it. \"Kimber, I-\" but he was cut off by the waitress. She had a pouf of frizzy brown hair, was smacking on gum, and was very large. \"What can I get ya?\" she asked, bored. We ordered and she walked away, clearly annoyed. \"I don't have any money,\" I told him. \"I don't either,\" he replied. \"Dine and Dash?\" \"Exactly.\" \"You remember when we were 12, and we tried that for the first time, but left T.A. there?\" \"Oh my God, yes,\" he laughed. \"And then we saw him later and he had to wash dishes.\" \"Yeah,\" I reminisced. Then I thought of the party at Biniak's place later tonight. \"You coming to Biniak's?\" I said, as the waitress came over and set our food down. I drowned my pancakes in syrup, watching him over our glasses of water. \"Hell yeah,\" he said while stuffing the entire omelet into his mouth and smacking loudly. -- -- -- \"There they are!\" \"Can you believe it? Her with Him? \" \"I heard he beat a guy because he was talking about her.\" The whispers carried through the room and hit my ears like poison. How could I hear them? The house was so full of music it should have been impossible. But unfortunately, nothing was ever that easy. \"Shit,\" I muttered. Jay looked at me stupidly and asked, \"What? Something wrong?\" \"Yes, you dillhole, everyone is talking about us.\" \"You should like that,\" he said with a smirk. \"Huh?\" I asked. He better not say what I thought he would say. \"Well, you love to be the center of attention, don't think I haven't noticed.\" \"Fuck off,\" I said, but inside I was slightly elated. So he thought he knew me? We weaved our way to where Tony, Stacy, Biniak, Sid, and a girl I didn't know stood. They were laughing at something amusing when we approached. \"Hey,\" I smiled. \"Well, if it isn't the lovers,\" Biniak crowed. He was all for making me look like an idiot. \"Yeah right. I would never be with him,\" I laughed while flipping my hair. \"Oh as if. I was at the party last night! I saw the whole thing,\" said the girl. Her voice was annoyingly high and her red hair seemed to bounce with each word. \"Who are you?\" I asked. \"Kimber,\" Biniak said. \"This is Fawn.\" \"Ew,\" I sighed. \"Well, I don't care. Hey have you guys heard from Skip?\" Fawn looked angry but said nothing. \"Nope. I think he's mad at us,\" Stacy replied. \"Why would he be?\" Jay questioned. \"I don't know that's his problem,\" Stacy said, taking another swig of beer and looking around for someone. At that moment, Kathy Alva glided over to us and took Stacy by the waist to lean into a kiss. It was disgusting. I noted how Jay determinedly looked away, and wondered why. \"Oh god,\" I whispered to myself. \"I need a fucking drink.\" \"Yeah, no lie there, baby. You were up all night on your back. That must be real uncomfortable.\" Tony said, and at that same time began moaning in an imitation of me. I simply rolled my eyes and said with relish, \"Yeah, I was. After I did that dirty and sweaty and hot deed with your dad it really wore me out.\" \"Whatever,\" he answered. I turned to go retrieve a beer and made it all the way to the keg in the corner before I realized Tony was following me. He grabbed my arm and pulled me to look at him. \"Bastard, what?\" \"You and Jay are together right?\" \"No! Why does everybody think that?\" \"You know why. But that's not what I'm trying to tell you. I know my sister a hell of a lot better than you and I'm just saying…watch out.\" \"Look Alva, I don't need your advice.\" \"Maybe you do,\" he added before pumping me out a cup of beer and returning to the party. -- -- -- Another filler! The next one I'm working on isn't I promise. But unless I get reviews it might not be posted for a long time. Just saying, tell your friends! Haha. -lette.[Chapter 7] DISCLAIMER: I don't own anything… duh. -- -- -- \" Maybe you do.\" Tony's words rang through my head. I was sitting on my bed and had been since I woke that morning with a terrible hangover. All the thinking I was doing didn't help my headache. I ran my hand through my dark hair. Obviously, Tony had said that just to make me think, or to see my reaction and verify Jay and I being together. He was surely laughing somewhere. And I, having known him forever, should have known that and not dwelt on the matter. So why was I? Why was I sitting there, replaying the scene over and over in my head, trying to pick apart everything I knew about Tony? Was Jay using me to make Kathy jealous? He couldn't be; no one knew we had a thing. But Jay had always found that having more than one woman was so much- Knock, knock, knock. The light sound made me jump out of my trance as the knob turned and Alex entered. \"Hey,\" he said. \"What?\" I asked, not caring that he had done nothing to deserve my impatience. \"Can we smoke one? Please?\" I was taken aback. I knew Alex smoked, but he had never done that with me. \"Sure, sure,\" I fumbled out, getting off my bed and crawling under it. My parents thought they had taken all of my pot, but they were seriously wrong. That was my light stash. Nothing big, the real bag was under there. I swept my hand around on the dusty floor, finally falling upon something that crumpled under my touch. I came out from under the bed covered in dust. I swept myself clean, trying to catch Alex's eye. He seemed determined not to look at me, for he was perusing the top of my desk, which contained nothing but my wetsuit. After a few moments of silence, I licked the paper of the joint to seal it, and he looked at me, smiling vaguely. I took a lighter from inside of the sheets of my bed and lit the joint. I took a deep breath of it and passed it to him. \"What happened to you?' I questioned. He puffed on the joint, looked at it, and then said, \"This is good stuff,\" he then handed it back to me. I nodded slowly, not pushing him. Another round and he would be talking, but I didn't need another; I was already talking. \"So at the party last night, Tony said something. And it has me thinking, but what if it's just a joke? And I'm stressed because mom lost her job and I keep thinking I should get one. And Ted hates me, he hasn't spoken to me all week,\" I sighed finishing my problems. They sounded so lame being spoken aloud. He surveyed me through the smoke. \"You and Jay are going out,\" it wasn't a question. \"What?\" \"Don't deny it, I saw you two kissing outside one night while I was taking Janice back…\" he trailed off, lost in thought. \"When was Janice here?\" \"She's been coming over here for a while now, mainly at night,\" he muttered sadly. \"And I've never even met her, I'm ashamed by your lack of manners,\" I was high and didn't want him to mope around with whatever was bothering him. We needed to talk about me. \"Yeah, yeah… if I tell you something, will you not judge me immediately?\" \"Uh… sure man. Whatever,\" I was prepared for a storm, and lay back onto my bed with the joint. \"We did it, and she's all…serious now. But the worst part is Ted caught me sneaking her in one night and he got all pissed. And then a different night we were smoking a joint and he came in and thought it was a cigarette and didn't get mad, but then figured it out and went off on us. He left for a second and somehow we started to do it again and Ted walked in. It was terrible. I think she's so scared now that she doesn't want to talk to me. And schools out so everyone is going to know that I flunked three classes, and I'm scared I'll get stuck here because I don't have the grades or money to get into college,\" he finished in one breath. I sat there, frozen by everything that went on in his head. \"Did you start to smoke again, or have sex?\" \"Oh my God, don't call it that! And it was smoke, so he thinks I'm…\" \"Just like me. But Alex, you're fourteen and already having se- fun? Damn, you're going to be a diseased one.\" \"Shut up,\" he replied finally laughing. He handed me the joint and I took it slowly. \"You shouldn't worry so much,\" I said after a moment. \"Why?\" \"Cause I'm always going to be here to do worse things, and you'll get off easy. I'll make sure of it,\" he smiled peacefully and we finished the joint both concerned with our own thoughts. -- -- -- I moved my head back slightly, a huge grin in place. \"Oh, come on I just got there,\" he sighed happily. I pressed my lips back onto his and felt him smile during the kiss. I was flat on his bed with him lying lightly on top of me. His hands cradled my head softly while my legs were wrapped around him. He broke away and looked down at me. I waited a minute and he said nothing but smiled his notorious smile. \"What?\" I asked. \"I'm gonna go shower, would you care to join?\" he whispered huskily. \"Better luck next time. I'll take a nap while you do that.\" \"Fine,\" he replied and left the bed to the bathroom. I stayed in the exact same position staring up at the ceiling. In the distance I heard the water start to run. I turned over and breathed in deeply. The smell of sandalwood and smoke filled my nostrils. It was the most beautiful scent I had ever known. I had just been with him less than a minute ago, but I wanted him with me again. I leaped off the bed and crept to the bathroom door, which he had carelessly left open. The sound off water running was louder and masked my footsteps. I looked at my reflection in the fogged up mirror and shuffled my hair a little. I wasn't exactly sure what I was going to do, but I didn't care. I turned to the shower curtain and punched it, not hard, but with enough force to make an impact. His head popped out from around the corner and grinned devilishly at me. \"Did you change your mind?\" \"Maybe,\" I said. \"Well, come in.\" \"No, that's not why I'm here,\" I reached for the handle of the toilet and pushed down. \"Kimber!\" he yelled. His head disappeared and then the entire shower curtain was ripped open. Before I had time to register anything he had the showerhead in his hands pointed directly at me. The water was scalding hot when it touched my skin. \"Fuck!\" I screamed. The floor beneath me was covered with water and slippery. I fell to the ground. Jay stepped out of the shower still spraying me with water. I then heard him fall and felt his entire weight land on top of me. \"Ugh,\" I sighed, but then opened my eyes. His blond hair looked darker and was pasted to the side of his face. He looked straight into my dark eyes with his light topaz ones and kissed me, the showerhead flailing around us, sprinkling us with water. \"Here,\" he tossed me a shirt which hit me straight in the face. \"And… here,\" he repeated the same motion, but this time with a pair of boxers. \"Thanks man,\" I replied. His back was still turned toward the dresser, looking for something for him to wear. I stripped off my wet jeans and underwear. I slid on the boxers quickly and checked to make sure he was still facing the other way. I then took off my shirt and bra, which had suctioned to my skin. But I was slower in putting on his shirt. I shook my shaggy hair in front and looked up to see him watching me. I smiled and put his dark shirt slowly over my head. Once over, I flipped my hair again. I jumped into the bed pulling the covers up to my neck. \"Fill a bowl for me,\" I said, my eyes closed. I heard rustling for a few minutes and then the squeak of the bedsprings. My eyes fluttered open and grabbed the lighter and pipe from him. \"Thanks.\" I flicked the lighter on and sucked deeply, holding in my hit and passing it to Jay. \"Have you seen Tony or Stacy around today?\" He blew out a cloud of smoke. \"Yeah, they were at the pool. Where were you?\" \"I slept in and talked with Alex for a while.\" \"How's he?\" I chose not to answer. \"You know what?\" he inclined his head slightly to show he was listening, though he was taking another hit. \"Isn't Seven a cool name, man?\" \"Seven?\" \"Yeah! Totally bitchin' man.\" \"What kid would want to be called Seven? He'd get hell from all the others.\" \"But you should name the seventh kid Seven, then it would be so gnarly.\" \"Since when do you even like kids?\" \"I hate them.\" \"So what's all this about?\" I shrugged my shoulders, smirking like an idiot. \"I'm high!\" I yelled and began to laugh. He grabbed my face roughly and looked at my eyes. \"Yeah, you're definitely baked,\" he said after observing my large pupils and red, glassy eyes. He wiped a tear of laughter from my cheek with his thumb. -- -- -- Waking up in Jay's bed that morning was difficult, mainly because at first, I didn't know where I was, as Jay wasn't in bed with me. I woke, startled, to the sound of someone bustling around in the kitchen. I untangled myself from the sheets and moved groggily into their small kitchen. \"Kimber! You scared me honey,\" Phalaine laughed. \"Oh, hey,\" I mumbled nervously. \"Did you sleep here?\" she asked jokingly. \"Uh… I… well…\" I stuttered. \"Do you need to find Jay? Because he left last night… said something about needing a breath of fresh air.\" \"What time did he leave?\" I wondered, hoping I was not pushing my luck. \"I'm not sure, but his hair was all wet, like he just showered. I doubt that helps though.\" \"Oh okay, thanks Phalaine,\" I said, confused. \"Yeah, no problem sweetie.\" -- -- -- \"Swear you didn't.\" \"I so did man.\" \"You couldn't have.\" \"How do you know?\" \"Cause your you!\" \"What are you dickheads arguing about?\" I said, annoyed. I had just stepped into Zephyr to find Jay and Tony fighting, while Stacy and Sid stood watching, wearing the same exasperated expression. Skip was behind the counter dazing off into the distance as though he couldn't hear the commotion. Jay and Tony didn't even spare me a glance. \"I'm not sure they even remember,\" Sid told me. \"Skip's thinking of taking us to another competition,\" Stacy said. \"Where at?\" \"No idea.\" \"Where have you been?\" Sid asked, pushing a lock of brown hair behind his ear. \"Stace said you weren't at the Pier.\" \"Here man. Just drifting.\" \"Aw, well stop cause I've been bored as hell,\" he said, putting a hand on my shoulder and dragging out the last syllable. \"You know what? Fine!\" Tony said, coming over to where Sid, Stacy, and I stood. \"Hey guys,\" he said breathlessly. \"What was that about?\" I said. \"Oh, that? Nothing, nothing,\" he started but then, a devilish grin came into place. \"We were talking about you.\" \"No you weren't, idiot. I'm not stupid.\" \"I know that,\" he replied, snaking his arms around my waist and touching his forehead to mine. His soft curls caressed my face and covered his next words. \"I've missed you.\" \"I haven't gone anywhere asshole.\" \"I haven't seen you in your wetsuit in a while.\" I laughed coyly. \"Yeah, that's true. Why don't you come over and I can model it for you?\" Tony remained unfazed. \"I wouldn't mind,\" he said, moving closer until they lightly brushed mine. He began to play with my mouth when I realized he was actually kissing me. I sprung backwards wiping my mouth through laughs. \"Holy shit! I never thought you would have the nerve.\" \"You underestimate me,\" he said pushing me even farther from him. Stacy and Sid were smiling as Tony glanced at Jay who had a forced smile in place. It wasn't until then I remembered Jay and I were together. I was used to doing what I wanted, when I wanted, and with whoever the hell came my way. Obviously Jay had the same mindset as he had left last night. \"You wanna see this new board Skip has in back?\" he asked looking at me. \"Yeah man, I know where it is,\" Sid said. \"Not you,\" Jay replied while pushing him aside and nodding to me when he was walking to the back room. \"Whatever,\" I sighed. I pushed the sheet in the doorway aside, ending up in the back room where Jay was standing. \"Where is it?\" I wondered. He looked at me, and he didn't look happy. \"What the hell?\" he whispered angrily, moving quickly over to me. \"Huh?\" \"You just kissed Tony!\" I laughed. \"Oh yeah, 'cause you know, me and Tony are in love,\" I said quietly. \"Shut up.\" \"Stop making a big deal out of it.\" \"Stop shoving your face in other guys faces.\" \"Fine,\" I growled and roughly pushed my own lips onto his. He began kissing me with force and I returned it, wanting to be the one in control. I broke off, and looked at him, and in his sparkling topaz eyes, I knew I was forgiven. It was then I heard the shuffle of the curtain. My head snapped in the direction and I saw a sliver of Tony's triumphant face grinning at us. -- -- -- SHORTEST CHAPTER EVER! And it took me the longest. I'm so sorry! I just couldn't finish it to save my life. Also, my computer was being stupid and wouldn't let me upload. Please don't stop reading! I'm going to try and update every week and a half from now on, as long as I get comments. I know, I'm a bitch. -lette.[Chapter 8] I don't own lords of dogtown or the people. It's a true story, nobody owns them. Also, if you believe I wrote that piece of art by Bob Dylan, you have overestimated my artistic ability by lightyears. -- -- -- Through the slight split in the curtain I saw Tony laughing and turning around. \"Hey guys-\" He was cut off immediately; my fist rammed hard into his side. A groan escaped his lips as I dragged him inside. \"God, you are such a bitch,\" he sighed. \"Tony, you may have just seen something, but you don't know for sure-\" \"He knows what he saw.\" Jay said. \"No he fucking doesn't.\" \"He does Kimber.\" \"Do you two even know I'm still standing here?\" We both looked around. I honestly had forgotten how close we all were to each other. \"Right,\" I said slowly, trying to figure out how to manipulate myself out of here. It was one of my only talents, and I planned to put it to good use. Before I had any time to think, Stacy and Sid walked through the curtain, obviously having heard the noise. \"Dude, why are you back here?\" Sid asked to no one in particular. Tony gave me one reassuring side glance, and said quickly, \"Oh, I just caught these two getting it on,\" he laughed maliciously and caught my hand which had sprung out, aiming for his tanned face. \"No, no, no, chica. I only said that because of your first hit.\" \"Fuck you,\" I groaned, wrenching my wrist free. \"This is… unnatural,\" Stacy said, watching for either me or Jay to yell \"We're just fucking with you!\" No one did. \"I knew it!\" Sid screamed pointing at us and laughing hard. Jay grinned slyly. \"So are you two together? Like no one else? Or is it another one of you two's infamous flings?\" Sid choked out through his laughing brigade. I placed my hands on my hips. It wasn't on purpose, but it was the position I assumed when I was uncomfortable. It hadn't happened since I was about 10, and I wiped out on my board so hard one could see my bone poking out of my knee. I started crying, and whenever the guys brought it up, my hands shot to my hips. \"No we are not together,\" Jay said firmly. \"You guys just don't get it,\" I answered. They looked back and forth between each other until Tony finally called our bluff. \"Liars,\" he sneered. -- -- -- The pavement was moving fast under me. I could hear the hard noise of the wheels against the cold pavement. It was as though both were denying contact, and my weight was the only thing keeping them together. I pushed harder, sprung myself up, and leapt over a surfboard lying on top of two trashcans, while letting my board slide underneath. I jumped back on at perfect time and continued off. I was going to see my dealer, Jah, and Jay was going to meet me there. As I neared the street corner I slowed and popped up my board. It was important Jay and I buy the weed at the same time, because alone we didn't have near enough money. We were planning on two ounces and the price was at about 160. I leant against the wall and waited for him patiently. As I stared blankly, I realized I was unconsciously watching a mother and child. It was odd for children to be seen in dogtown. I began to observe their motions intently. The mother was shorter than me, and I wasn't very tall. She had lost all of the weight gained over pregnancy and had stunning jet black hair. There was nothing at all unique about the child, except for how loud it was screaming. It was such an annoyingly high sound and I immediately resented the child, and the mother for getting knocked up. They began walking down the sidewalk towards the intersection I was leaning by. Then a thought ran through my head. I could jump this unsuspecting mother. She was so focused on her child, that when I hopped out at them, it would be no battle at all. And more money equals more weed, and during this season, Jah's bud was amazing. It was too easy. My palms tingled with excitement. But suddenly, the small face of the child turned directly to face my own and the shrieking was cut immediately. It's eyes scared me, penetrated me, and gave me chills. They were the brightest, most shocking blue eyes I had ever seen, with the exception of Alex's eyes. I forgot I was staring at the young boy (for I now realized what it's gender was) and saw Alex watching me out of those blue eyes. What would he say if he found out his step-sister mugged a struggling single mother and her unsuspecting son? As they walked by me, my gaze didn't falter. The woman noticed and kept a safe distance with her eyes down. The boy stopped and stared back. His mother pulled on his hand sharply and led him down the corner. I couldn't say I blamed her: a girl hanging around this street at this time in the night? I might as well have screamed I was a prostitiute. But something in the boy's eyes gave me a foreboding sense about tonight. Something was going to go terribly wrong. Before I could dwell on the matter, I heard the sound of wheels approaching and felt a muscular arm grab me around the waist. His warm breath tickled my ear as he growled, \"Let's do this, babe.\" He kissed me lightly on my neck and all of my thoughts about the boy flew from my mind. \"I'm ready,\" I turned into him and gave him a light, passionate kiss. He licked his lips, took my hand, and we turned down the alleyway after the intersection. The darkness engulfed us, but we could make out two big figures at the end of the alley. They began walking to meet us in the middle. \"Kimbre! Babah, ho'd you'd behnd doin? An' Ayboy ere's thoo!\" Jah said to us through his thick Jamaican accent. It was almost impossible to understand, unless you knew him well. He embraced both of us, as the other huge man he had with us watched like a hawk. \"Kimbre, sweehar, you'd eben mo gogeous tan I member! Le ma 'ave a look atchya,\" he said spinning me around. I cooperated. \"Jah, dude, it's great to see you. How have you been?\" I asked. \"Yah know. Sthill 'live.\" \"Hey man, I don't mean to rush this or anything, because I love catching up, but we have to be going…\" Jay sighed, doing quite a good impression of someone who willed to stay in the alley. I saw the nameless man give Jah a quick glance, or was it just a trick of the light? \"'Righ, 'righ… I gotcha. Ho' much'd yah neehd?\" he questioned in a business-like manner. \"Two ounces,\" Jay replied, using the same tone. \"Goohd, goohd…\" He said, and then turned to the man besides him, and began speaking in Spanish. I rifled through my pockets finding 2 fives, 6 tens, and 4 twenties, all crumpled, and all stolen. When I looked back up, Jah had the two bags of pot. \"Ohne huhndrehd and sixtdy 'ollars.\" I passed Jay my cash and he passed it to the man next to Jah. The man counted in silence. He looked up and gave a slight nod to Jah, who then passed the bags to me. \"Thatd's sohme ocean breedze. It's strohng shitd, soh be'd 'areful.\" \"Thanks Jah.\" Jay and I said in unison and turning around to walk off. But no sooner had I turned away when I heard, \"Jah! What the hell? Yo promised me! That why I'm even 'ere tonight!\" It was a worried whisper, but I caught every word of it. Judging by the way Jay looked at me, he did too. \"Yah kihds, git back 'ere.\" My back stiffened as I came to a stop. I slowly faced them again. \"Loohk, I'd 'orry abou this. Kimbre, I druly amhd. Buh, see, I saihd if Tohby 'ere liked what 'e saw, 'e'd reap benehfits thoo.\" I was speechless. Jay took a step forward and said in his lowest and quietest voice, which was the most menacing, \"I can't let that happen, Jah. You're a good friend, but man, you can't whore my girl out.\" \"Little mother-fucker, I don't think you know what the hell you're dealin' with,\" it wasn't Jah speaking, but Toby. Jay took a step back, and towards me. His arm snaked its way around my waist, and pulled me closer. \"Fine,\" he said out loud, and then whispered into my ear, \"Kimber, run. Run as soon as I let go.\" I tilted my head slightly and said equally quietly, \"You better come at the same time, or I won't.\" I felt his muscles contract in anger at me. Toby took a step forward and Jay's grip loosened. I spun around and sprinted out the alley with Jay at my heels. We were taking our last strides out of the alley, knowing Jah and Toby hadn't followed when I heard it. There was a loud gunshot. I threw my hands over my head and kept going. Then there was another. I felt Jay take me from behind and swoop me into his arms. The third shot went off as he carried me out of the alley. He roughly put me back on the ground not braking pace. I sped up and came level with him. Then I heard something that frightened me even more. A police siren was ringing in my ears. It was then I remembered I was holding two ounces of weed in my hands. I couldn't drop them; not after all we had been through just to score. We turned another corner, then another, and then crossed a street when the red and blue shone in our eyes. There was a house just beyond this fence. If we could jump it, we might be able to hide the drugs, and just explain we were involved in a shooting. I took a leap and came up halfway, then another step to jump over. I had cleared it with Jay directly behind. That was when the spotlight hit. \"Stop! Put your hands above your heads! Now!\" the booming voice of the officer echoed, and I knew we were not going to be let off easy. I sifted the bags off weed down through my sweatshirt sleeves, as I placed my hands on my head. I felt them fall into the crook of my back. My clothes were big enough to where I could shake in the slightest and the bags would fall out. I knew they would notice if something fell out of my shirt. And this hiding spot would be no good in a search. We were screwed. -- -- -- The bright flash went off in my face. It stung my eyes, and I could only see purple for a second while I heard the officer go, \"Oh come on. No smile for mommy?\" I wanted to tell him to fuck off. I wanted to hit him hard in the face. I wanted to run and get my weed back. But I controlled it and satisfied myself with giving him the finger. The next guard was waiting to receive me and made me walk in front of him. He handed me a dime, and said \"One call, honey,\" in a bored voice. I looked at the cold, little, coin. I flipped in my hand, once, twice, three times. Who in the hell do I call? I could try home, but what if no one answered? Or worse, Ted? There was Stacy, but he wouldn't have the money to bail me out. Tony was probably at a party. Skip wouldn't tear himself away if he was drunk. Sid came from the rich part of town. That was it, Sid! I slid the dime in the slot and dialed. I pulled the black phone to my ear, praying that he would pick up. One ring… two ring… three ring… four- \"Hello?\" a sleepy voice answered. \"Sid!\" I practically yelled. \"No, no. Is this another one of his goddamned hooligan friends? 'Cause if it is, we're sleeping!\" the man replied. \"No, sir. Actually, it's a friend from school. I was just calling to tell Sid I got my acceptance letter! May I talk to him?\" I said in a falsely cheery voice. \"Oh… well fine… I guess. Hold on,\" I waited. And waited. Then I heard Sid's voice pick up from another phone, \"What do you want?\" I also heard the click signaling his father hanging up. \"Sid! It's Kimber.\" \"What's wrong?\" \"I got arrested for holding. Can you please come bail me out? Please?\" I begged. There was silence from the other end. \"I'll get my dad's checkbook.\" \"I love you. I'll do anything to pay you back. Oh and tell your dad your coming out to celebrate that I got accepted into some high-class college.\" \"Fine. I'll see you in jail,\" And with that he hung up. I set the phone back, and the guard led me over to the cell where they held criminals for the night until they had a cell opening. He unlocked the door with the bars and pushed me inside. Jay looked up immediately and patted his lap. I pulled the hood over my shoulder, not wanting to be noticed and sat leaning on Jay. \"I'm sorry,\" I sighed. \"Me too.\" \"Did Phalaine answer?\" \"Yeah, she's coming. Who did you call?\" \"Sid.\" \"Smart girl.\" \"Yeah.\" There was silence as we speculated the dull, gray room, with our fellow law-breakers. There was a guy who looked no older than us, who was shaking uncontrollably and terribly underweight. There was a big muscular guy, sleeping against the wall. There were some girls dressed in revealing clothes, and covered in makeup to make them look appealing. And then there were five boys, who looked scared out of their wits to be here. I looked into Jay's topaz eyes and felt like I was drowning in them. There are some experiences that you can't help but become extremely close to the person who is with you during the moment. This was one of those times. \"Kimber, I'm sorry about what happened with that jackass Toby. I knew what he was thinking, you could tell by his face. And as soon as I figured it out, I couldn't think straight-\" \"Neither could I.\" \"And I got you thrown into jail. I can't believe it, I'm so sorry,\" he grunted out. \"Dude, shut the fuck up, okay? Were fine. I always knew I'd have a criminal record, but I thought it'd be for something cooler… like stealing a car, or something.\" He grinned. \"You really are my girlfriend,\" he said this very quietly, but I caught it. \"What, are you surprised?\" \"A little. But sleep, 'cause they won't be here for a while.\" The look from the young blue eyed boy had been right that the night was a disaster, but he obviously didn't know that what Jay had just said made it all okay. -- -- -- I woke up, stiff and uncomfortable. \"Kimber, Kimber,\" Jay's voice chimed into my head. \"Hmm?\" was my intelligent answer. \"Sid's here. Get up. He paid, and you gotta get home.\" \"Fine,\" I said, pushing myself up. I took three steps when I realized Jay wasn't walking with me. I looked back. \"Aren't you coming?\" \"Phalaine's not here yet. Don't worry. I'll see you later,\" and he strode toward me to lightly plant a kiss on my forehead. \"Okay. Make sure you get out,\" I then turned to walk out of the cell and into Sid's embrace. \"Kimber! Are you okay?\" he asked. \"I'm fine, let's just go,\" I replied. We walked out of the prison without a word. I was paranoid the guards would look for any reason to throw me back in. As soon as the doors opened I flung my arms out and breathed a sigh of relief. I spun on my heel to Sid and gave him a hug, practically yelling into his ear, \"Thank you so much. Thank you, thank you, thank you. You don't understand, I love you. Anything you want, anything at all.\" He broke apart and looked me in the eye. \"Anything?\" he asked raising his eyebrows. I hit him lightly on the shoulder. \"You know what I mean.\" We opened the doors to the car, and when he switched on the engine I heard a familiar rhythm. How many roads must a man walk down Before you call him a man? Yes, 'n' how many seas must a white dove sail Before she sleeps in the sand? Yes, 'n' how many times must the cannon balls fly Before they're forever banned? The answer, my friend, is blowin' in the wind, The answer is blowin' in the wind. \"Oh, I haven't listened to this is forever,\" I said leaning my head against the seat. It was still dark outside, and the stars were shining as brightly. I closed my eyes. How many years can a mountain exist Before it's washed to the sea? Yes, 'n' how many years can some people exist Before they're allowed to be free? Yes, 'n' how many times can a man turn his head, Pretending he just doesn't see? The answer, my friend, is blowin' in the wind, The answer is blowin' in the wind. Bob Dylan's voice and the vibrations of the car were soothing my anxious nerves. How many times must a man look up Before he can see the sky? Yes, 'n' how many ears must one man have Before he can hear people cry? Yes, 'n' how many deaths will it take till he knows That too many people have died? The answer, my friend, is blowin' in the wind, The answer is blowin' in the wind. The song ended, but before I heard the last note, my body had drifted off into a deep sleep. -- -- -- \"Kimber! Wake up, come on, wake up right now!\" \"Shut up,\" I grumbled. \"No! Sid said he got you from jail, is that true?\" \"Yes, now leave,\" I moaned. \"What the hell did you do?\" this voice was not the one that had been previously speaking. It scared me terribly and I decided to open my eyes. Everything was blurred at first and it was as though my eyelids were flipped inside out. I rubbed them viciously before the two people came into focus. \"So, what'd you do?\" Nicole said. She looked infuriated. \"Shut up. Give her time,\" Alex snapped at Nicole. \"I got arrested for holding,\" I slurred, closing my eyes once again. \"You idiot!\" I could practically see Alex casting her a furious look. \"We didn't tell Ted or Kendall.\" \"Thank you… Wait… What time is it?\" \"About one.\" \"Shit.\" \"Oh and get what else that kid who dropped you off said?\" \"What did he say?\" I asked, not really caring. \"He told me that it was you and Jay who got arrested! Together!\" \"Yeah. So?\" I kept my eyes closed as hard as I could. \"You two are together! He's disgusting Kimber!\" At this I lost all control of my eyelids. I flung upward. My quick movements startled her. \"He is not more disgusting than the guy you're seeing. In fact, Jay's not disgusting, okay? So chill the fuck out.\" \"He came to see you. While you were asleep,\" she just wouldn't let this drop. I shrugged my shoulders, but my stomach did this weird, unknown flip I had never felt before. \"Don't you find that weird? While you were sleeping?\" \"Seriously, get out.\" To my utter surprise, she left. \"She's jealous.\" \"Of what?\" \"Jay came to see you. He waited around here for an hour, just seeing if you were okay. He even stayed in your room for a while, making sure you weren't dead or something. None of the guys she's been with have done that. And you and Jay haven't even been together that long.\" \"You think too much, she's just a bitch.\" He smiled at me and said, \"You're right. I am gonna get off easy.\" \"I would never lie to you.\" -- -- -- What did you think? Review! No more unless you review! -lette.[Chapter 9] Nothing is mine… you know the drill. But, this is when things start to happen. Hopefully you haven't given up on me. Also, the beginning of this chapter starts out like a person looking back on a few memories. Just heads up. -- -- -- It didn't take long for most of dogtown to know Jay and I were together. This was mainly due to the fact of the news of us spending a night in jail. Most of our type would have saved our own skin, instead of sticking with whomever you were caught with. We had both bailed on many people, so it was a sign of true 'loyalty' as some put it for us to hang in there. But I knew better. We had only done it because it was our obligation; some unspoken agreement we had both come to over the many years we had spent together. It was the bond we shared from the abandonment of our fathers, the reckless drinking and drugs, and above all else, surfing and skating. Slowly, we reached our one-month mark of being together. It came to me as a blur of happiness and peace. Whenever I was angry, or depressed, he was there. He never said the right things, but they were always real. He didn't lie to me, and I grew very trustworthy of our relationship. I had never had that with another person. It scared me. I feared the commitment or risk of getting serious. And I had the feeling he did too. There was one conversation that remained imprinted in my mind. It was almost a month after the run in with the law. I had stumbled into my house, wet and sore from an early surf session, only to find my mother and Ted sitting at the round table. They were speaking in hushed voices, even though my siblings didn't spare them a glance. Neither of them looked up when I entered. I walked by them, pretending to get a drink of water, trying to pick up on what they were discussing. \"Kendall… that's all we have left. We can't do it.\" \"What are we supposed to do then? The only food we have is cereal, and that sure as hell won't feed seven kids!\" \"Then we lose the house!\" \"Or the kids starve!\" \"Look… look… we just need some time. Okay? Believe me, I'll cover it.\" \"I don't think… but you know? Ill just look for work, I'm sure to find something…\" \"What? You don't think I can do it? Huh?\" \"No! I don't think you can do it on your own!\" \"You-\" he began to hiss back, but he noticed me, and I quickly averted my eyes. \"Her… She could work… needs to start…\" \"Yes, certainly…\" she whispered without looking at me. Her brain appeared to be working faster, and her eyes were screwed up in concentration. \"What I don't understand is how we lost so much, so quickly. Not that we ever had much, but…\" She gazed upon Ted intently. He seemed not to be paying attention. But I realized what she was trying to say: she thought Ted was using it on drugs, prostitutes, or alcohol. Ted was watching me, and saw none of this. I took this as my cue to exit and strode to my room quickly. I stripped off my large jeans and substituted them for some cutoff jeans. Just the thought of working repulsed me. My laziness was a weakness for me. I sat on my bed and decided I would stay until I wanted to go to the pool with the team. Hell, I might not even go today. A nap would be nice, maybe a party, and then some more sleep. As soon as I had come to the conclusion that this schedule was perfect, my doorknob turned. A skinny, shaggy-haired, topaz-eyed boy walked in, grinning at me. \"Let's go to the pool. We found a great one in this rich-ass neighborhood,\" he informed me, as he sat on the bed with me. I looked at him with a half-smile. I wasn't much in the mood. He did not seem to pick up on this. \"But first…\" he said quietly and he leaned in to kiss me. It was an innocent kiss, perhaps too innocent, for he broke away, looking at me confusedly. \"What's wrong?\" he groaned. \"Nothing,\" I lied. \"Ted? Kendall? Me?\" he questioned. \"Yes,\" I moaned, flipping myself into a fetal position, facing away from him. \"We're broke, and I either get a shitty job, or leave.\" \"Fuck that. Sometimes you are such a pussy, you know that?\" he was obviously trying to aggravate me. \"Shut up.\" \"You. Now come on, or am I going to have to fucking carry you?\" Then, a thought coursed through my mind. \"Jay,\" I purred, turning slowly and sitting back up on my knees with my legs spread. I pushed on his chest and he fell into the pillow of my bed. I crawled swiftly on top of him and began to kiss him passionately and roughly. He returned the intensity and allowed me to take off his shirt. He removed mine slowly, while still caressing my neck. My aggressive side took over after that. My hands found the path toward the button on his jeans. He looked surprised at me, but I didn't stop. \"Wait… what are you doing?\" he said breathlessly. I ceased fumbling with his jeans. \"Isn't it obvious?\" I laughed. \"What, that were going to fuck, and then you're gonna leave me for some other guy?\" he asked angrily. I stared down into his face. \"Wh-what?\" I stuttered. \"Look, I wasn't planning on getting with you, just so you could use me. So tell me now if that's what you're planning on,\" he said this with a firm and monotone voice, but I saw the flecks of complete devastation in his eyes. \"Well, if it makes you feel that uncomfortable…\" \"I don't like the idea of other guys on top of you!\" he growled throwing me off him and into the spot he had previously occupied on the bed. At the same time he flew onto his feet and walked to the wall in my room, not facing me. I propped myself up on one arm, and started to smirk. Slowly, my smirk turned into a quiet laugh. He turned around, flabbergasted. \"What's so funny?\" \"Jay, look, I haven't been with as many guys as you think.\" \"Really? 'Cause I've had at least twenty guys come up to me saying that they've all been with you.\" \"They're liars.\" \"Oh, so it's only five?\" I paused, and admitted, \"Jay, I haven't ever been with a guy. Well, slept with one at least.\" He looked at me blankly. \"What?\" \"Yeah, yeah, I know. Shocking,\" He finally laughed and joined me on the bed. Our lips met for a while, until I tore myself away. \"Let's get to the pool. I've got to show Tony that I can totally get higher than him, over the light at least.\" We put on our shirts, and ran out hand in hand. We raced there on our boards in the sun, him reassured by our conversation, and me realizing that I was not the only fearful one out of us two. -- -- -- Jay led me to a perfectly pale blue empty pool. My immediate reaction was how many people were there: Sid, Stacy, Tony, Red Dog, Biniak, Blanca, Kathy, Peggy, and so many more. Many were spectators and photographing the team skating. My excitement went up a level. Our notoriety seemed to have sufficiently increased. Half an hour later found me climbing out of the pool to sit with Peggy. We didn't talk but watched. Then, there was a ripple throughout the crowd of people. All heads seemed to turn. At first, I didn't understand why, nor did I care. But then Peggy nudged me and pointed. A tall, beautiful, long-haired brunette had glided in with her entourage. She was wearing sunglasses, purple shorts, and had her yellow shirt tied in a knot. They made their way to the end of the pool, and sat as gracefully as possible. \"I'm gonna embarrass these guys,\" Peggy grinned. She jumped into the chaotic pool, pushing and shoving with them. It amused me at first to see Tony skate right up to the gorgeous girl, but the next to go was Jay. It was undeniable; he had tried to impress this new girl. Jealousy reared inside of me, and before I could register what my feet were doing, I was back in the pool. Jay had not finished his run yet, but I got in position for me to begin. \"Yo, Kimber, what the fuck are you doing?\" I heard Tony ask. But he was too late; I had kicked off. I gained speed quickly and headed directly where Jay would be coming down from the curve of the pool. He turned at the top, and saw me, but it was inevitable with the speed at which we were both going. There was a loud smack, and I slid backwards, my turquoise board rolling to meet me. I sprang up and found that my hands were extremely bloody. I wiped them on my cutoffs, leaving smears of red on each side, and walked back to the stairs of the pool. Jay had moved from the ground, and was looking daggers at me. I smiled at him. This pushed him over the edge, and he practically ran up to me. \"Fuck you.\" \"Fuck you. What the hell were you thinking?\" \"What the hell were YOU thinking?\" \"Look, all I know, is that you can not pull shit like that with me around? Okay you man whore?\" \"You can be such a bitch! You know that right? So what-\" But a sudden outcry interrupted our argument. \"Pigs! Pigs!\" a young voice screeched. There was a roaring sound of jumping and hurried footsteps. Jay grabbed me and pulled. We all ran to the fence. But to my utter horror, there were ferocious dogs on the other side. Now my hands started to tingle, and stomach flipped. I darted the other direction, which was straight into the cop. \"Freeze! Stop right there!\" \"Try and catch me bitch!\" Jay screamed as he leaped onto the hood of the cop car and ran over it. There was such an outpour of kids that the cop could not decide who to follow. I saw Stacy run to the left, and pursued after the long blonde hair, which was blinding in the sunlight. Stace opened his car door in a hurry. I hurtled into the passenger seat and yelled, \"Come on Stace! Start it!\" The engine roared to life and he floured it. The car jolted forward and we sped down the street. \"Hey, hey, take a left,\" I said, making sure we were not being followed. We kept winding down different roads, until we reached familiar territory. I breathed a sigh of relief. \"Thank god,\" he said. \"Yeah, I know.\" \"God, it's like I haven't talked to you, you know, alone, in forever.\" \"Kathy hates me. So, I don't think she'd like it much,\" he chuckled. \"She doesn't hate you, she's just a little…\" he paused searching for the right word. \"Bitchy?\" \"I was going to say uptight… but whatever. You just have to get to know her.\" \"I don't really want to. Besides, she's keeping you all to herself! That's why we haven't spoken in a while.\" \"Jay's doing that to you,\" he smiled. \"Shut up.\" \"So, you guys are pretty serious, huh?\" \"Nah, well, sorta, I don't know.\" \"Uh-huh,\" he said with a skeptical glance. \"Because if you two break up… or go up in flames…\" \"What are you trying to say? Just spit it out.\" \"It's gonna make it weird, okay?\" he said quickly. \"Fuck man, it won't. It'll just be weird for you and Tony.\" \"Exactly.\" I groaned. \"I don't care. All I know is I have to try and get a job, keep up with the team, and my hands won't stop bleeding. You and Tony didn't make the list.\" \"Oh, well, sorry,\" he said sarcastically. \"Look just take me to my place, okay?\" \"Fine. You going to the party at Red Dogs tonight? Huge party, and he scored three kegs.\" \"Fuck yeah.\" We drove speaking casually until we arrived at my small house. \"Come on,\" I told him. We walked in the hot sun up the cement stairs and through my front door. I threw my board down on the steps; it landed with a dull clunk. Immediately, Ted walked up to me. \"Kimber, Kendall and I need to talk to you,\" Stacy looked at me apprehensively. \"Guys, go outside,\" my mother said to some of my siblings on the couch. \"But mom, its so hot-\" \"Didn't you hear her? Outside!\" Ted yelled. They all scurried out the backdoor, but turned to watch through the screen of our one window. \"I would leave if I were you, and maybe get a haircut,\" Ted snapped to Stacy, who had done nothing but stand there. \"No, he stays. You can't tell him that, you don't have any control over him,\" I growled. \"It's my house,\" he glared. \"Not for much longer.\" \"You are such an ungrateful bitch!\" \"Ted! You better not talk to my daughter like that!\" my mom interrupted. There was silence. \"Look mom, it's fine. I'll leave.\" \"To hell you will.\" \"What's that mean?\" \"You're staying. And working.\" \"No I'm not.\" \"If you want to live here you will.\" \"You're in luck. I'm out,\" I said while jogging away into my room, Ted in pursuit. I attempted to slam my door, but he caught it with one hand. I gave up and went to the corner where I left my duffel bag. I threw it onto my bed. \"You aren't going anywhere,\" he whispered. I pretended as though he was not speaking and bent over, scooping up all of the clothes on my ground. I was in the process of viciously shoving them into my duffel, when Ted grabbed my arm and swung me around. My clothes flew up into the air and fluttered down to the floor once again. \"I don't give a damn if you leave. Hell, it would make this easier. But you aren't taking your shit,\" he growled looking me in the eye. My mother darted into my room at that moment, and Ted let go of my arm roughly. \"Why? So you can pawn it? Your such a douche-bag,\" I said quietly with a nervous laugh. Then many things happened at once, his fist jabbed and hit me directly in the nose and I heard a crack; immediately I felt warm blood tricking out of my nostrils. The force of his punch threw me to the floor as my mouth filled with the blood from my nose. I looked up at him, my eyes welling up with water from the sting of the punch. Ted was shouting viciously at my mother, who was shrieking back at him. Stacy scurried over to my side, but I could only see his mouth moving; his words could not be heard over the screaming match in my doorway. Behind my parents were some of my younger siblings, tears falling down their cheeks. I looked at Stacy and he appeared blurry. I stuttered out, \"Stace, grab some shit and run. I'll meet you in the car,\" more blood seeped through my lips as I spoke, filling my mouth with its salty and appalling taste. He looked as though he would rather not, but obeyed me. I stood slowly and swaggered on the spot; my parents took no notice of Stacy as he darted out of my doorway, carrying my duffel, freshly loaded with anything he found. I grabbed my surfboard fiercely and made to leave the room. \"Kimberly, stop,\" my mother said firmly. I looked at her, her stunning brown eyes and beautiful light brown hair, the woman who had always been my support and given me love, and in that moment in time, I hated every ounce of her. If my face had not been drenched in blood, the dirtiest look I could have mustered would have been engraved upon it. \"No, no, you let him do this to me,\" my voice was quiet, and yet everyone else's halted to listen. \"What the fuck were you thinking?\" it grew stronger, and before I knew it, I was yelling. \"Your husband, your fucking asshole of a husband, hit me and you did nothing! God, I have been waiting so long to leave, and you know what? I'm out, you bitch! Now I get why Nick ran out!\" I knew I had touched a nerve bringing Nick up. Her eyes filled with tears and her voice shook. \"I'm so sorry honey-\" \"Don't be sorry Kendall,\" Ted cut her off. \"She deserves it. Leave. Now,\" I walked through the gap between them, not daring to make eye contact with my mother. I hauled my board through my siblings until I reached the front door. But the one person I was hoping not to see was waiting for me there. \"Where are you going?\" he asked, eyes full of sympathy. \"Get out of the way, Alex,\" I growled. \"No, I won't. Don't you remember telling me I'd always get off easy 'cause you'd be here? You can't fucking leave me, Kimber!\" A knot formed in my throat and I had to clench my jaw shut to keep myself from breaking down. I could feel a tingling sting in my eyes, which were again filling with water. \"Please,\" he pleaded, sounding weak. It took all my strength to utter, \"Move,\" I vaguely saw him sidestep so that I could push the door open. As I flung myself against the door sunlight flooded in, and I looked sideways, chancing a glance at Alex. What I saw etched upon his face haunted me the rest of my life. He looked abandoned, forlorn, betrayed. There was sadness in his eyes, as though he was losing something vital to him. I realized I was letting him down, tearing away his stronghold and leaving him on his own. I could not bear it anymore; I whipped my head forward and grabbed my skateboard that was lying on the cement steps. With both boards in hand I rushed to Stacy's car and loaded them. I opened the front door of his car, and sprung in, glancing back one more time. Alex was standing in the doorway, with my mother sobbing at his side. The sight wrenched at something deep inside of me, and I turned away saying, \"Get me the hell out of here.\" The second he stepped on the pedal, I went to pieces. Hot tears gushed freely, intermingling with the blood still dripping from my nose. I had thought the look on Alex's face appeared as though he was losing something, but I was pathetic. I would never be vital to anyone, and it was ludicrous to think so. I felt my whole body shaking uncontrollably, and wished for nothing more than it to stop. The whole ordeal was incredibly embarrassing. But when I squinted up at Stacy, he was driving calmly. This made me cry harder, concluding I had just ruined his day. The drive continued in silence, besides my sobs. The sunlight seemed to be mocking me; my nose now felt bruised and sore. I desired to only feel this pain, and to rid myself of whatever was occurring inside of me. -- -- -- I had long since ceased my sobbing and closed my eyes when the car screeched to a halt. \"Kimber, come on, you need to wash up,\" Stacy's soothing voice said quietly. I heard the shuffle of his clothes against the vinyl seat as he grabbed my bag from the back. I opened my eyes groggily and they stung from loss of wetness. The sunlight burned into my corneas and retinas. It was as though someone else had taken over my body and commanded it to go through the motions of departing from the car and walking up to Stacy's front door. He swung it open before me and strode in; I followed his gleaming hair. \"Dad?\" he yelled. I heard a quieter shout from somewhere beyond the walls of his house. It was a one-story house with a lived-in look. But at the moment I couldn't appreciate it. Stacy closed the door behind me, because I appeared to be unable to do anything on my own, and beckoned me to follow him. \"Dad?\" he said again, as he turned down his hall and into an adjoining room, where his father sat, watching television and sipping on whiskey. His face morphed into a look of shock when he saw me enter. \"My God, what happened to you sweetie?\" he asked, concerned. I shrugged, not wanting to open my mouth. \"Look dad, can she hang here a while?\" \"Sure, sure, honey, why don't you go clean that up?\" I knew he was asking for two reasons: he wanted to ask Stacy what really happened, and to inquire how long I would be staying. I made my way back into the hall and through the doorway on my left. The sight in the mirror shocked me. The blood had dried and was now caked onto my skin, covering half my nose and all of my jaw, the rest of the blood had fallen into my hair, matting it. The other half of my nose was swollen to twice its normal size and was a dark purple shade. My skin looked deathly white, further enhancing the deep red color of blood. My white shirt had also been drenched down the front. And my cutoffs were still stained from my scraped hands earlier that day. I looked like a victim from Shouldn't Play with Dead Things. But none of this compared to how frightening my eyes looked. Because of my pale skin, my dark eye appeared darker, drawing out that my eye were two different shades of brown. There was a strangely hollow look accompanying them. I turned on the faucets, letting the water first fall over the palms of my hands, stinging. I watched as the white sink turned a pale pink color from the dry blood. I continued to wash my face with the bar of soap sitting by the sink, rubbing gently on my nose and the area surrounding it; I cupped water a few times and rinsed out my mouth to rid it of the horrible taste. When I threw my head back up, I saw all of the black and blue upon my nose. I dried myself tenderly with the towel, threw up my bloodstained hair, and decided it wasn't pretty, but the best I could do. I exited the bathroom, and found Stacy waiting for me outside. \"Jesus, it's fucking huge,\" he sighed, examining my nose. \"Yeah,\" I replied, forcing my mouth into a grin. I noticed he was holding my duffel and desired for him to hand it to me, but he appeared wrapped up in gazing at my swelled nose. \"Um, Stace? Can I have my shit? Just to change.\" \"What? Oh, yeah, and here, you'll be using my room,\" he gestured to the doorway directly behind us. \"No, man, I'll sleep on the couch. But I will use your room to change quickly,\" I snatched the bag out of his hands, and slammed myself in his bright yellow room. The walls were covered in surf posters, and a bed was placed directly in the center of his wooden floor. I stripped off my shirt and shirts, digging through the bag. I found my large Zeppelin shirt, and, to my utter joy, baggy black sweatpants. My mood slightly elated that Stacy took these items from my room, I left to join him and his dad in the television room. \"You will be taking my room,\" Stacy said, without looking up at me when I entered. \"No, I'm not. If anything I'll only be here a couple nights, and then I'll leave.\" \"And where are you gonna go?\" I fell silent. \"Exactly.\" \"You'll stay as long as you need,\" his father chimed in. \"And here, you'll need these,\" He handed me four blue pills and a bottle of water. \"They'll knock you out, and you could do with a little sleep anyway.\" I smiled and thanked him. Stacy walked me back into his bedroom, watched me swallow the pills, then finish the water, before he spoke. \"You need anything else?\" \"No, believe me, ya'll have done so much. Sorry for trashing your day man,\" I sat gingerly on his bed, not daring to move quickly because of the throbbing in my forehead. \"You didn't do anything to it. I wasn't planning anything,\" he said, and then went on in a rushed voice, \"By the way I called Jay and told him what happened, so get to sleep, and I'll see you later.\" \"Stacy! What did he say?\" I pleaded, suddenly anxious. He glanced at the door, back to me, and repeated the process one more time before sitting beside me. \"You know, the usual, at least for him,\" he moaned. \"He's gonna come check on you later. That's all he said, then he hung up on me,\" I gazed at his bright blue eyes and was suddenly too drowsy to argue. I accepted this lie as truth, and nodded off right then. I jolted back awake seconds later in Stacy's arms. \"Yeah you'd better sleep,\" he laughed. \"My dad gave you four, and that's what he gives me, so you probably only needed two.\" \"What were they?\" I slurred. \"I need some of that shit on a daily basis.\" \"Yeah, makes all the pain go away,\" Stacy said, proceeding to place me underneath his comforter. \"But sleep, or your gonna hurt yourself even worse.\" He vanished through his doorway and I fell into a deep sleep soon after, my mouth hanging agape. -- -- -- Sorry it took me forever! You know how finals are. Nest chapter will be up soon. Review! -lette.[Chapter 10] Chapter 10! Hopefully, you'venstuck with me. Disclaimer: None isnmine. You know that, though. Also, I did not write the song TinynDancer, duh. -- -- -- \"Is she asleep?\" \"Yeah, he gave hernsome painkillers, she should be out for a while…\" \"Let me see her.\" \"I really think younshould wait.\" \"Get your hand off ofnme.\" \"Fine, but I'mnwarning you man…\" \"Oh my God…\" \"It was worse, sonmuch worse. If you would have seen her before, you would think it'snan improvement.\" \"That asshole, thatnfucking bastard, how could he do that?\" \"Look, dude, letsntalk about this outside okay? Wait for her to wake up…\" Halfway between dreamsnand sleep, their voices penetrated my ears. But I rolled over andnfell back into my sleep. -- -- -- A violent throbbing innmy temples caused me to detangle myself from the comfortable sheetsnand comforter, and drag myself to the bathroom. I felt my throatnbegin to clog, and being very experienced with drunkenness and itsnside effects, knew I was about to hurl my insides out. My kneesndropped to the side of the toilet, and vomit fiercely poured from mynmouth. My back clenched into a semi-circle every time I heaved.nFinally, when only blood would come up, I stood. My dark hair cascadedndown, still deeply matted by blood; the blue streaks appeared to be andeep purple shade that was barely visible. The swelling of my nosenhad gone down sufficiently, although still black and blue; my skinnhad returned to its natural olive color. But still, I had the hollownlook in my eyes, one I hadn't seen before. It frightened me, and Inturned away from the mirror, telling myself I was imagining it. I exited the bathroom,ncoming face to face with a concerned looking Stacy. \"How much did younjust throw up?\" \"A hell of a lot.\" \"I knew my dad gavenyou too many. Feel better?\" \"I guess.\" \"Do you need to sleepnor something? Are you hungry?\" \"Jesus, Stace, I justngot hit. No big deal. Relax, okay? But food would be nice.\" He led me into thenkitchen and bustled around for a second, then presenting me with anhuge bowl of cereal. I mumbled a quiet thanks, and began shoving mynface with the sweetened breakfast food. He speculated me with anconfused expression that lasted all throughout my cereal. Finally,nwhen I finished, I stared back at him. \"What?\" I snapped. \"It's nothing,\"nhe sighed, picking up the empty bowl and setting it in the sink. \"Stacy, what is it?\" \"I just thought…nnevermind.\" \"What?\" I asked,nmore forcefully. \"I just thought,nyou'd be more angry, or something…\" he said quickly andnquietly. Then seeing the look on my face, he tried to cover it up.n\"Not that your violent, or anything like that, you know, just… Ohnby the way, Jay stopped by. But then he went back to your place…\" Worry bubbled inside ofnme, and seemed to spread into every inch of my body and mind. What ifnTed hurt him? I couldn't return to that piece of shit that wasntitled a house. \"I need to take anshower,\" I stated, striding, once again, into the now very familiarnbathroom. I twisted the faucet all the way to the little red H,nhoping the scalding water would burn my skin. Waiting for the waternto heat, my desire for pot, or something stronger kicked in. I wasnnot in the mood for acid; and I never really liked cocaine. I knewnmany people who snorted heroin, and had always been extremelyncurious, but wanted a drug I was accustomed to. If I took a shortnshower, I could try and sneak out of Stacy's house to scorensomething, anything. With that pleasant thought in mind, I hurriedlynentered the boiling shower, relishing every drop that scorched mynskin. -- -- -- I closed the front doornquietly, my feet landing lightly on the sidewalk, as I pulled thenhood of a huge black sweatshirt over my damp hair. Despite the sunsnburning rays, I had donned Stacy's sweatshirt and white tank top,nwith my bloody cutoffs. The dream of acquiring drugs had vanishednwhen I realized I was broke. So I made my way to the nearest cornernstore intending to pick up a pack of smokes and maybe some tequila,nbeing my favorite liquor. I pulled the door open, and glided in.nLocking eyes with the pudgy man at the counter, I gave him a coynsmile, and he attempted to smooth out his balding hair. Of course,nthe shadow from the hood disguised my bruised nose. \"Need any help, hun?\"nhe asked hopefully. \"Oh, you know, I'mnjust looking,\" I replied, in my most mysterious and sexy voice. Inthen spun and walked down one of the aisles. In the shining freezerndoors, I noticed him turn away from me, to straighten his uniform. Inhurriedly opened one of the doors, behind which was a wide selectionnof liquor. I grabbed one of the smaller, rounder bottles of tequilanquickly, and shoved it down my shirt. I chanced a glance at the man,nwho was now inspecting his teeth in a handheld mirror. I movednsilently to the shelf with cigarettes and grabbed my favorite brand,nParliaments, which I placed in the pocket of the sweatshirt. Still, he had his backnfacing me. When I passed him, I flashed one of my perfected 'comenhither' smiles, and was out. I strutted down to corner opposite thenlittle store, and plopped myself down. I whipped out the Parliaments,nand threw one in between my lips, only to realize, I had forgotten anlighter. \"Shit…\" Inmurmured quietly. I observed the ground around me, as though hopingnfor one to fall from the sky. \"Need a light?\" Mynhead flew upwards, and my eyes fell upon the gleaming smile of Tony. \"Thank God,\" Insighed as he sat lightly next to me. \"Can I bum one offnyou?\" he questioned, as he lit my cigarette and I inhaled. \"Sure,\" Inresponded, letting out a puff of smoke and handing him the pack. Withnmy free hand I reached down my shirt pulling out the cold, circularnbottle. Two Fingers Tequila, and under that there was the wordn'Silver' etched upon the dark bottle. \"Sweet,\" I saidnaloud. Tony made a face at me as though he believed me to be insane.n\"No, no,\" I laughed. \"I'm just glad it's not the brownntequila I took; I hate that shit.\" He nodded soundlessly,ntaking a drag from his cigarette. I screwed off the cap, and took answig of the burning liquid, making a face. I motioned the bottle tonhim, and he accepted, taking his own shot. \"So, no 'Whatnhappened?' or 'Why does your face look like shit?'\" Ininquired, while he handed me the bottle. \"I already heard,nsorry man.\" \"Yeah…\" I trailednoff, staring at the street and smoking. Our cycle continuednwordlessly, each of us becoming more besotted with each shot, and ournthroats growing blistered with each cigarette. -- -- -- \"Ah, chica, I feelnbad you were hurt,\" Tony slurred, laughing. The sky had turned anpale pink color, and the darkness was seen, overtaking the light. Wenhad begun walking, drunkenly, down the street, trying to remembernwhere exactly Red Dog's house was. A girl with shiny, flaming rednhair walked past us. \"Hey, hey, Red! Ah,ndon't be like that Red!\" Tony yelled out to the girl, to mynamusement. He then locked me with a ferocious gaze. \"Does Red Dognhave a sister? If he does she can tell us where he lives! And shenlives! Where they live, where there's a party!\" \"Tony, no… no, Indon't think so… when the hell did my shorts get so fucking dirty?nI need a cigarette,\" I reached into my pocket and flicked out one. \"Light me bitch!\" Inyelled to Tony, who snickered, and flipped on the lighter. I watchednthe flame for a second before leaning in, and setting my smoke tonlife. \"Where's thenbottle?\" I questioned. He shoved it at me. I flung the containernupside down, draining the remainders. \"Empty!\" I shrieked,ndisappointed. \"Damn you!\" \"Hey, watch thisnman,\" I giggled, childishly. We had approached a clothing storenwith glass windows that displayed mannequins wearing bellbottoms andnclogs. I dropped my cigarette and hurled the bottle at the window;nthere was a loud crash as the glass shattered into a million piecesnand fell to the cement. In an odd way, I found the sight beautiful,nbut could not take any more time to absorb it, for the owner wasnangrily marching to the front of the store. We sprinted down ancorner, into a street, through an alley, and ended up in anneighborhood. \"What the fucknKimber?\" Tony breathed, clutching a stitch in his side. I grinnedndevilishly. Down the line of houses, there was one that stood out. Incould hear Jimi Hendrix's song Purple Haze blasting from the home. \"Dude, that has to benit! Come on!\" With every step, thenmusic became louder, and we got closer. As we reached the doorway,nBlanca, Tony's possessive girlfriend sprinted towards him. She wasnspeaking in furious, fluent Spanish, so I staggered into the house,nleaving Tony behind. It was crowded, hot, and reeked of the smell ofnpot. I inhaled deeply. I went further into the house, heading intonthe kitchen for a beer. There was a keg sittingnin the corner of the kitchen, with plastic clear cups beside it. Innmy haste to get to the keg, I tripped over my own foot and headednstraight down. An arm flew out from behind me, seizing my waist andnsaving me from falling. It pulled me back to my feet, and spun menaround. \"Jay!\" I saidnexcitedly. \"Do you have a lighter?\" I asked, forgetting all aboutnmy desire for a beer. \"'Course,\" hensmiled. I fumbled in the pocket for a second, and pulled out thensecond to last cigarette. \"You want the other?\"nI offered. \"Yeah,\" I handednhim the last one, and threw the box onto the floor. He took thencigarette from me, placed them in his mouth, and lit both. He thennproceeded to remove one and deposited it into my mouth. \"Thanks,\" I said. \"Your nose looksnbetter, are you oka-?\" \"Fuck this sweatshirtnman!\" I cut him off. \"Hold this,\" I transferred the cigarettento his hand, and ripped off the black sweatshirt viciously. Insnatched my cigarette back and said in a calmer tone, \"What werenyou saying?\" \"Well, you aren'tnmad at me or anything, right?\" \"No, why would I be?\"nI replied, not really paying attention. I glanced around the partynagain, and saw Kathy watching us. He opened his mouth to speak but Ininterrupted. \"Will you take me onna walk? I can't do this right now,\" I spoke clearly. He raised his eyebrows.nIt was highly unlikely for me to leave a party, especially after justnarriving. \"Yeah, sure,\" he answered, blowing white rings of smokenaround my face. -- -- -- I fiddled with thenstereo. \"God, I hate thenradio! They never play good shit,\" I moaned. We had taken Stacy'sncar for a spin, because I was too incredibly drunk to walk straight.nI leaned back, giving up on the music, and leaving it to rest on somenstupid pop station. I looked out the window; we were passing P.O.P. \"Stop, stop, stop!\"nJay pulled into the parking lot, and I leapt out of the car before itnhad come to a full stop. He dashed around the vehicle to meet me onnthe other side, and our lips met. He tasted like weed, and beer, butnthere was a hint of something sweet I couldn't place. Our handsnwere roaming everywhere, thoroughly enjoying the moment we had alone.nThen a familiar noise reached my ears. Blue jean baby, L.A.nlady, Seamstress for the band Pretty eyed, Piratensmile, You'll marry a music man Ballerina, you mustnhave seen her, dancing in the sand And now she's innme, always with me, tiny dancer in my hand I broke away from hisnsoft lips with a mischievous look upon my face. In a swift movement,nI leaned into the car, and turned the volume knob as loud as it wouldngo. The parking lot at P.O.P. was directly on the beach, so I ran outninto the deep sand and began dancing. To my delight, he followed me,nlaughing. When he reached me, he hoisted me onto his hips, and swungnme slowly in a circle. Then, he allowed me to slide down his body,nand connect with his tantalizing lips, his hands still tight aroundnme. Jesus freaks, out innthe street Handing tickets outnfor God Turning back, shenjust laughs The boulevard is notnthat bad I backed away andnstarted dancing, holding his hands on my revolving hips. His topazneyes were gleaming in the moonlight as I sang the lyrics. Piano man, he makesnhis stand In the auditorium Looking on, shensings the songs The words she knows,nthe tune she hums He pulled me closer,nand kissed me passionately. Once again, out of my drunkennfoolishness, I disconnected, and took his hands in mine. I thennproceeded to sprint to the shoreline, release him, strip off my whitenshirt and shorts, and throw my shoes into the sand. Standing there innonly my blue bra and bright red underwear, I skipped into thenfreezing salt water. But, oh, how itnfeels so real Lying here, with nonone near Only you, and youncan hear me When I say softly,nslowly I frolicked in the icy,ndark ocean, the waves crashing against my almost naked body. Withneach wave that hit, I would be knocked onto my knees in the sand. Onnthe third time, I looked up to see Jay beside me, his shirt off. Hisnface appeared to be glowing even brighter than the moon. Hold me closer tinyndancer Count the headlightsnon the highway Lay me down innsheets of linen You had a busy dayntoday Throughout the repeatnof the chorus we danced together, with each step getting closer andncloser to each other. Blue jean baby, L.A,nlady, seamstress for the band Pretty eyed, Piratensmile, You'll marry a music man Ballerina, you mustnhave seen her dancing in the sand And now she's innme, always with me, tiny dancer in my hand He dragged me into him,nand kissed me with more fire than I had ever been touched with. Ournbodies were sliding effortlessly together, with the slick feel ofnwater in between us. His hands ran through my long hair, and his lipsnand tongue caressed mine softer, and yet harder than I could havenimagined. It was too much to bear; I wanted him badly. I hitchednmyself onto his tanned hips, and from my elevated height, got evenncloser than I would have thought possible, our lips never ceasing.nPlaying with his golden hair, the music was still heard clearly overnthe waves. But, oh, how itnfeels so real Lying here, no onennear Only you, and youncan hear me When I say softly,nslowly Our passion continuednas the melody faded into nothing; and the waves crashed upon ournbodies. I could feel his notorious grin playing on his lips, andnsmell the sweet sandalwood-smoke scent of him. The moon and starsnglimmered overhead like they were observing us. The wind whippednacross our skin, making it sting, and yet we didn't notice. For thenfirst time, I felt connected to another human, something I had nevernfelt, and I was determined not to let it go. Holdnme closer tiny dancer Countnthe headlights on the highway Laynme down in sheets of linen You had a busy dayntoday Holdnme closer tiny dancer Countnthe headlights on the highway Laynme down in sheets of linen You had a busy dayntoday… -- -- -- A tanned, perfectly cutnarm was holding me loosely. I was lying in soft sheets that smellednof sweet wood and pot smoke. I turned onto my other side and feltnwarm breath upon my face. At this, my eyes opened heavily. Jay'snface was no more than three inches from my own. Before I had time tonregister this thought, my head began to pound violently against mynskull and vomit rose into my throat. I freed myself from the sheetsnand Jay, stumbled into the hallway, and shut myself in the bathroom,nkneeling by the toilet. When I had finished, Inbrushed my teeth quickly and washed my face, which had been damp withnsweat. It was then I realized I was wearing my bra and underwear.n'What the fuck happened last night?' I remembered stealingnthe tequila and drinking with Tony, and then… did we make it to RednDogs? How had I ended up in Jay's house? I didn't recall goingnthere. And where the hell were my clothes? For some reason TinynDancer by Elton John seemed to ring a bell… Why? Head still pounding,nwhether it was from the hangover, my confused thoughts, or ancombination of the two, I didn't know; I headed back into Jay'snbedroom, where he was sleeping peacefully. Despite my utternbefuddlement, I had to admire him. His mouth hanging slightly agape,nsurrounded by his oh-so-soft lips; his bronze skin and long, dirtynblond hair, which appeared to be golden in the sunlight that wasnpeeking in through his window, fanned out around his face. His shirtnalso seemed to have found it's way off of his body, and his lean,nhoneyed muscles were moving up and down slowly with his intake andnexhale of breath. Oh, he was gorgeous. Bending down, I pickednup a large black shirt, whose sleeves had been cut off, and the slitnplummeted down to where my hips were. Sliding on the shirt, I crawlednback into the warm bed. I sat next to him,ntrying to summon last night's events, with no luck. Finally, afternten minutes of silent thought that brought me nowhere, I gazed backnat Jay, only to find him staring right back at me. \"Morning,\" he saidnsleepily, propping himself up and kissing my neck gently. He breathedninto my ear, \"I like you in that shirt,\" chuckling he lay backndown, dragging me next to him. I curled up against him, and rested mynhead on his bare chest. He played with my dark hair for a while, andnI inhaled his sweet scent, never wanting to move. Finally, I openednmy mouth, unable to stand the terrible pangs in my forehead. \"I have the worstnheadache.\" \"You need something?\" \"Yeah,\" I breathed.nNeither of us moved for another ten minutes, him still curling mynhair around his fingers. Slowly, I maneuvered my way out of hisncomfortable bed and into the kitchen. I toyed with thenbottles of pills on the counter, knowing they would do nothing fornthis hangover. Peering into the Adams fridge, I found a carton ofnorange juice. After pouring myself a huge glass I wandered back intonJay's room. He stared at me in a dazed way when I entered. \"Do you have somenpot? I could really do with a bowl,\" I asked, gulping some morenjuice. \"Course,\" henpointed to the little table next to his bed. I pulled the drawernopen, finding a plastic bag full of weed, and his sea-foam,nblue-green pipe. Next to them lied a neon green lighter, and anskateboarding magazine. I handed him the orange juice as I began tonprepare the smoke session. When I had finishednloading the bowl, I took a gigantic hit and passed it to him. In thensunlight of his window, we watched our smoke swirl and curl, until wenwere happily high: the perfect hangover cure. I grinned dopily atnhim, and he returned it. \"So, your nose looksnmuch better.\" \"I can barely feel itnnow.\" \"I went over therenyesterday,\" he told me, looking away. I was too high to work up anynemotion. \"And?\" I saidnsharply. \"I got your shit,\"nhe gestured at a black bag in the corner of his room. \"It's allnyour clothes, and your favorite feather pillow.\" A smile, truer andnbigger than I had produced in a while, formed on my face. \"The onenI stole when I was like, twelve? No you didn't! I love thatnpillow!\" I scampered off the bed, ripping open the bag. A whitenpillow was jammed inside, on top of all my clothes (which wasn'tnmany). A small shriek of glee emitted from myself. I yanked out thensoft, feather pillow and leapt back into the bed, swinging it undernme. \"Ah…\" I sighed.nIt was like lying on a cloud. \"How did you do it? Ted's anmonster, and my mom can be a major bitch…\" I trailed off,nstudying his face for signs of a bruise or gash. \"Well, I was prettynpissed, you know. And he tried to stop me, but I got to himneventually,\" he smirked maliciously. \"Your mom was crying a lot,nand I didn't even see Alex,\" he said softly, as he began strokingnmy head. I desired to know what exactly he had said or done, but Inknew if I pushed the matter, he would never tell me. An annoyingncharacteristic he possessed. \"Oh,\" I saidnlamely. He was eyeing as though he was going to tell me, but nonsooner had that thought passed, when his face morphed into his famousnhalf smile. \"You wanna go eat?\"nhe asked. I groaned. \"Not atnall, the thought of food makes me want to hurl more, but whatever…nOne question.\" \"What?\" \"Um… what the hellnhappened last night?\" I mumbled quickly. \"Are you serious?\"nhe laughed dryly. \"You don't remember anything?\" \"Uh… tequila,nParliaments, and Elton John. You care to fill in the gaps?\" -- -- -- I stared into thendepths of my plastic water cup, wondering if I drowned in it, wouldnthe headache go away? The bright sunlight of the outdoor burger jointnwe had chosen was blinding, so I was wearing dark sunglasses. Sid,nTony, and Stacy met us there, and the food they had ordered wasnnauseating me. All of them were reliving last night. \"Dude, and then shenwent all in!\" \"No shit? Who wonnthat round?\" \"I fucking did, man!nYou shoulda seen it, she was so hot.\" \"Yeah, Jayboy, wherenthe hell did you run off to?\" Jay shifted in his seatnslightly. I hadn't noticed they even realized we departed thenparty. \"Ah, Kimber was smashed, so we left,\" he lied easily.nActually, it wasn't much of a lie, just not the whole truth. \"Did you get some?\"nSid asked, jokingly. I knew he wanted a real answer though. Stacy'sneyes suddenly became very interested in a pigeon and Tony scrutinizednus, thoroughly enjoying the topic. Jay grinned, and glanced at me,nbegging for me to play along. But I was not in the mood for it, likenI normally was, and glared through the tented lenses at him. I sweptna piece of brown hair out of my face and said dully, \"Of course, I justncan't resist,\" I then proceeded to take a long drag off myncigarette as the guys laughed. \"Look. I was so plastered, Incouldn't have fucked anything, alright?\" I said with a slightnsmirk as the guy's laughter died down. \"You coulda done me,nchica,\" Tony snapped, with a chuckle. We all laughed with him,ncausing my head to pound harder. \"Ugh,\" I sighed,nplacing my hand on my forehead. \"Front side, backnside. Front side, back side, over the light!\" Tony laughed, as hensmashed a chip in a bowl. I couldn't work up the energy to laughnagain. No sooner had he done this, Skip pulled up, honking. Henstormed out of the car and slammed the door. \"Where ya been, huh?\"nhe growled in his drunken voice. We all became silent and averted ourneyes. We had skipped the practice today, due to the party last night. \"What, ya just forgetnabout practice, or what?\" Still, no one replied. I could see thenends of Jay and Tony's mouths curling up. \"You think I likensitting on my ass waiting for you clowns, huh?\" Tony could nonlonger restrain his laughter. \"What you think this is funny? Is itnfunny, is it funny? Hahaha.\" Skip grabbed Tony'snburger and smacked it across his face. \"How's this? That funny?nYeah?\" Everyone burst out innfits of laughter. Even I forgot about my headache and joined in. \"Hey! I'm seriousnman!\" Skip clasped the back of Jay's neck and shook him roughly.n\"You guys need to keep pushing man!\" He forcefully pointed anburger at us, then turned and walked back to his car, biting into thenburger. \"He took my burger,\"nTony moaned. Jay, Sid, and I chortled. \"Hey, you think wenshould bring him to the pool tomorrow?\" Stacy suggested. \"He's gotta run thenshop,\" Tony replied. \"Dude,\" Jay chokednout, \"You just got patty slapped.\" Once again my laughterncaused pangs in my head, but I didn't care at the moment. -- -- -- Almost a pointlessnchapter, but I liked it. I thought it was sorta cute. I have a littlenassignment for you guys… will you tell me who: 1. Is portrayed best. 2. Is portrayed totallynfar off. That's all. Oh! Andnreview! I won't upload until I get three reviews! Love you all. Lette.[Chapter 11] Disclaimer: How else donI say this? I don't own it. Por favor se mio. Actually, I just saidnplease be mine. Not really the same, but I suck at other languages. Oh, and to the kindnreviews, I just have to say, that they put this huge, terriblynembarrassing smile on my face. Thank you so much, all of you. Andnsorry I didn't upload sooner, I had a little case of writer'snblock. Anyways, I'm surenyou're bored with me, so I'll get on with it. -- -- -- A week later, I woke upnearly to catch a surf session. When I made it to the pier, I realizednonly Stacy was there. I hadn't heard him leave that morning, andnwondered how much earlier he had gotten up before me. I sat in thensand, and looked at the dark sky. Pink and orange were peeking out,nbut I could still see the stars of the night before. I then focusednmy attention on Stacy, who was out in the water. He was always muchnbetter when he thought no one was watching. It had always been thenopposite with me; I had to show off, and when I was alone, I normallynfailed, either with riding a wave, or completing a trick. Even from andistance his long blond hair was clearly visible. He caught the nextnwave and rode it perfectly, swerving and cutting into it with unrealnbalance. I stood and paddled out to meet him. -- -- -- \"So, I guess we'renthe only ones who remember this place, huh?\" Stacy chuckled,nshaking out his wet hair. \"God no. Everyonenelse is just dying from all the practices Skip is planning,\" Insmiled. \"Yeah, and that youndon't go to half the time,\" he replied, playfully pushing me. \"Whatever, can I ridenwith you back to your place?\" \"Are you kidding?nYou're soaking! Hell no,\" he said, even though he was opening thenpassenger door. \"Thanks, Stace.\" \"Yeah, yeah,\" henrolled his eyes and loaded the two surfboards and my skateboard. Wenthen piled into his car, and he asked, \"You want to get somenbreakfast?\" \"Sure, whatever man.\" The small and dirtyntaco stand we drove to serves us, even though we were in wetsuits. Ofncourse, it helped that Stacy had zipped his down and revealed hisnchest, which the girl at the register seemed to like. I inhaled myntwo bean tacos in less than five minutes, but Stacy beat me,nfinishing his tacos in three. \"Why don't you getnbean and cheese?\" he questioned. \"I hate cheese,\" Intold him. \"Really? I never knewnthat.\" \"It's true.\" After a second ofnsilence I asked if we could get back to his place and nap. He agreed,nand we cruised back in the rising sun. When we arrived, I threwnmyself upon the couch, which had a blanket and pillow on it. \"Your gonna get yournown bed, Stacy. I've been taking it from you too long.\" He looked exasperated,nbut nonetheless, went into his room. I closed my eyes, preparingnmyself for a relaxing nap. Then, I was hit in the head by somethingnincredibly soft. My eyes flew open to see Stacy standing there. \"Couldn't let younsleep without your pillow, can I have the other?\" I grinned andntossed him the one under me, replacing it with my fluffy pillow andnshutting my eyes once more. \"Thanks,\" Inbreathed. He didn't answer, so I assumed he had left. But I didn't know henwas just contemplating how to respond, and could think of nothing. -- -- -- \"Babe, babe, younalive?\" I stirred, hearing the laughter. \"Ah, come on, you reallyndied on me?\" a gruff voice asked jokingly. I cracked my eyes opennto behold Jay, who promptly planted a kiss on my lips. \"Mm, good wake up,\"nI sighed, turning over and burying my face in the sofa. \"Alright, I didn'tnwant to do this,\" he said, as though he was facing battle. Butnthen, he wedged his arms under me, and lifted me up into the positionnone holds a child. I laced my hands around his neck and my face brokenout into a huge smile. He began spinning slowly in a circle while Ingiggled, until he stopped and looked down at me. We shared anninnocent, and yet passionate kiss, before the noise of a door openingnreached my ears. We separated as Stacy and Tony walked in. \"You had to pick hernup to wake her? Jesus,\" Tony sniggered. I untangled myself fromnJay, and he led me to the couch, where he pulled me to perch on hisnknees. I looked up expectantly at Tony and Stacy. \"What are we doing?\" \"We we're sortanhoping you'd answer that,\" Tony said, settling himself in thencushioned chair beside the couch. \"Any parties goingnon?\" \"Not that we know of.nAnd we know of them all,\" Stacy responded, from his spot on thenfloor. \"I say we smoke anbowl, and go eat.\" They all complied. -- -- -- \"Fuck you.\" \"You totally suckednback then though! Dude, you were always cut up from falling so godndamned much.\" We we're all feeling a bit nostalgic while eating,nand Jay had just finished reminding everyone how much I used to fallnoff my skateboard when I was younger. \"You guys remembernthe first time we all got drunk?\" Tony asked. \"Oh god yes. Bestnexperience, there was absolutely no hangover,\" I smirked. \"We must have been,nwhat eight, nine?\" Stacy reminisced. \"It was around thentime we all smoked that box of cigarettes,\" Jay said. \"'Course, after wenhad sneaked them from your mom,\" I laughed. \"Always be thankingnyour mom, dude, she's hot,\" Sid added. He had joined us at thendiner. Jay punched Sid in the arm. \"Well can you blamenhim? She is man,\" I snorted. He grabbed my sides and pushed me ontonmy back in the booth, my hair falling everywhere. I shook it out ofnmy face, only to see a familiar face outside the window. I gasped. \"Fuck,\" I growled.n\"Dudes, I have to go.\" They all looked at me, confused. \"Why?\" Jay asked inna nonchalant manner, shoving a fry in his mouth, and then throwingnone at me. \"Alex is about tonwalk in,\" I cried. All of their faces glanced at the window wherenhe was standing with two girls and another guy. \"Looks like a doublendate,\" Jay responded, not caring. I glared at him. Didn't he getnwhat I had gone through, leaving him at home on his own? After I hadnsworn to him I would be there? \"Kimber, I'll getnyou home,\" Stacy said quietly, getting up. He tossed five dollarsnon the table, and exited through the back entrance. Jay never lookednup. I climbed into Stacy'sncar, and immediately swept over what tracks he possessed. I saw JohnnLennon on one, and not caring which album it was, shoved it in. \"God he is suck anjackass, you know?\" I ranted angrily. \"I mean, he knew how muchnAlex meant to me, or I thought he did, who the hell knows,\" I fadednout. My argument sounded weak. \"He didn't see it,nso it's not like he really knows what happened. Unless you toldnhim,\" he added quickly. \"No, I didn't,\" Inmoaned. \"Whatever, he can be however he fucking wants. I don'tngive a shit.\" Out of the corner of myneye, I saw Stacy grin slightly. \"What?\" I accused. \"Whenever you say youndon't give a shit, you always do.\" I shot a look at him,nand turned up John Lennon's 'Mind Games.' -- -- -- \"So, I'm stayingnwith Stace right now. Or at least 'til I find somewhere else,\" Inexplained to Peggy. \"You can always staynwith me,\" she offered kindly. I grinned. \"Thanks, but I'llnprobably try and find somewhere, where I'm not mooching off thenpeople there.\" \"Understood,\" shennodded. \"Hey, ladies, couldnya try and not talk so much? You're here to skate, right?\" Skipngrowled. \"Yeah, man,\" Inreplied. We were sitting on the side of what I thought of as then'bowl' while I told her why I was arriving everywhere with Stacy.nI dropped in, sliding my turquoise board easily underneath me. I thennsucceeded in completing a perfect run, with Skip watching. \"Good enough?\" Inyelled out to him. \"It's because I'venbeen ridin' ya so hard!\" he shot back, before turning to watchnTony. I walked up the steep cement, coming upon flat ground, andnthrowing myself down, to bask in the sunlight; the sound of wheelsnspeeding along cement were growing louder, and I opened my eyes tonsee them flying over my head. I shrieked, than began laughing loudlynas Tony made a crude signal at me, yelling: \"Bitch!\" I sat up, rubbing myneyes, with a smile plastered on my face. \"What'd you do tondeserve that?\" a boy I didn't know asked. \"No idea,\" Ingrinned, looking up at him. He had light brown hair that touched hisnshoulders and big brown eyes. He placed himself next to me. \"So, what's yournname?\" I questioned. \"Craig,\" he toldnme. \"I'm-\" \"I know who you are,\"nhe smirked. \"Uh-huh,\" Inresponded. \"How?\" \"Hard not to know thenname of a pretty girl,\" he said smoothly. I didn't buy a word ofnit. \"Hm… Okay then,\"nI said, clearly not interested. \"So,\" he started,npersistently. \"What are you doing later tonight?\" I opened mynmouth to retort, but then saw Jay looking daggers at us from thenother side of the bowl, while Sid was trying to discuss somethingnwith him. I closed my mouth, and locked eyes with the boy, whose namenI had already forgotten. \"Nothing, yet,\" Insaid, giving him an open door to try for me. \"Wanna hang?\" hensmiled, stroking my shoulder. I chuckled tenderly. \"Maybe,\" Inanswered, not really knowing why I was trying to make Jay so angry. Ininched closer, smiling shyly. Vaguely, I could see Jay gliding overnto where we sat. When he approached, the boy's eyes shot upward atnhim. As Jay didn't walk away, the guy who's name I could notnrecall, stood swiftly and questioned, \"Do you have anproblem or something, man?\" At this, I rose too. All I wanted wasnto make him jealous, and not to wail on some kid I didn't know. \"Ah, nah, man,\" hensaid, in a raspy, low tone. \"Just, your hitting on my girl,\" henturned his head slightly upward as he said this, indicatingnaggression. \"Really? She didn'tnsay anything about a guy,\" he trailed off. With a malicious grin onnmy face I looked at Jay, and swept in between them. \"Look, both of younneed to shut up. I don't think we're gonna be able to hang, butnit was a nice offer,\" my face screwed up in concentration. \"Ohnshit, I'm so sorry, what was your name?\" He glared at me. \"Nevernmind, you whore,\" he spit, viciously. A small smirk was playingnupon my lips, but an arm shot out, pushing me to the side. I stumblednand fell to my knees. When I looked up, it was just in time to seenJay punch the boy in the jaw. He then jumped on him, pounding hisnface. \"Maggots, Stop!\"nSkip's voice rang out, as he pulled Jay off, who immediatelynstormed away. All of the team was looking confusedly at the scenario.nI set myself back on my feet, and raced to Jay, not caring that thenother male was breathing shallowly on the pavement. \"Jay!\" I callednout. He didn't turn around, so I sprinted behind him, grabbing hisnhand. \"Jay,\" I said solidly, trying to lock eyes with him; itnamazed me when he actually did meet my eyes. \"I say something youndon't like, and suddenly you can go for other guys?\" \"What? No, it's notnlike that. We were just talking, I don't even know him-\" \"Bullshit. I'm justna pastime for you, and you know it,\" his eyes flashed. My head wasnspinning, a pastime? Didn't he know how completely smitten I hadnbecome with him? So much that it scared me. Did I really have tonexplain it to him? \"Look, Jay, you'vengot it all wrong. I was angry, you know how I get about Alex. Seeing him today didn't helpneither. Sorry, if I made you feel like that, 'cause your not anpastime at all,\" I rushed out. When I finished the look on his facenhad softened in the slightest. \"Prove it. Move innwith me,\" as he said this, a definite smirk had crept onto hisnface. He swept away a chunk of hair that had fallen into my face andnlooked into my eyes. For some odd reason I couldn't explain, itnsounded like a challenge. \"Fine. The onlynreason I didn't was because you never asked.\" \"Shut up,\" henwhispered, before our lips connected. -- -- -- \"Oh, darling, ofncourse you can stay,\" Phalaine cooed. I smiled. \"Thank you.nSo much. I promise, you won't notice me.\" \"Hard not to,\" Jaynsaid ever so softly, tickling my ear. I laughed. We had walked tonStacy's place, and with the help of Tony, acquired my belongings,nwhich had become scattered among the house. Stacy wasn't there, sonwe hadn't had a chance to tell him. I thought he would figure itnout though. \"Where can I put mynstuff?\" I asked as though I had never been in his house. \"I'll show you,\"nhe replied, grinning. I hauled my one bag and pillow, while hencarried my skateboard to his bedroom. I looked around, seeing it in anwhole new light. Living together would either tear us apart, or drawnus closer. I set my bag on his dresser, and threw my pillow onto hisnbed. On top of the dresser was a surfing magazine. I picked it up andnsat on the bed. \"Look at thosenwaves,\" he said, admiringly. On the cover was a huge bright bluenwave, with a bronze guy on a yellow surfboard riding it. \"Hawaii,\"nhe sighed, dreamily. \"God, I would kill tongo there,\" I groaned. \"It's almost notnworth it, getting up so early to get good waves, when those are outnthere.\" \"But worth it at thensame time.\" \"Always.\" Hennuzzled into my neck, eventually reaching my lips. After a fewnmoments of his sweet taste, I disconnected without changing thendistance. I opened my eyes and smiled, taking in how I could bentotally broke, a dropout, and kicked out of my house, but be sonabsolutely content. \"What?\" henquestioned, simpering. \"Nothing,\" Inbeamed. He gawked at me smugly. \"Come on. You didn'tneat a lot at the diner, I'll make you something,\" he offered. \"'Kay,\" Inresponded, allowing him to drag me back into his kitchen. I placednmyself on the couch as he bustled around. Before I knew it, there wasna bright red apple flying at my face. I swiped out and hit it to thenfloor. \"Jackass,\" Inmuttered, as I picked it up. He was watching me with an amused looknon his face. \"Nice reflexes.\" \"Shut up.\" He plopped down next tonme, looking like an excited child. I chortled, and took a huge bitenout of the apple with a crunch. \"What?\" \"I'm just so happynwe're living together.\" \"It's insane. Younever think we'd end up like this?\" \"I knew you'd getnkicked out, if that's what you mean.\" I knocked his head thenother way. He turned it back, running his lips directly into mine. Anfew short kisses later he wondered aloud, \"Do you want to hitnTony's party tonight?\" For the first time, I didn't immediatelyndesire to attend a party. I wanted to stay in, and keep Jay tonmyself. I looked deeply into his topaz eyes, which were awaiting mynanswer, and decided. I wanted to lose myself to him. We had only beenntogether about month and a half, but had known each other all ournlives. Besides, I would never find someone better. \"Let's stay in. Cannwe?\" I asked, a glint in my eyes. He cocked one eyebrow, with hisnhalf grin. \"I guess,\" he saidnsoftly, leaning in for another embrace, when the front door openednnoisily. \"Jay! Ki- Oh, hey!nJust, came home, and you know, thought you had left…\" he trailednoff, blushing. I smiled despite my annoyance that he worried about mendoing something rash. I knew that in our neighborhood it was rule ofnthumb to keep your door open for your friends, because they might endnup in jail if they have nowhere to crash. \"Hey Stace, yeah I'mnfine.\" \"Good, I was justnmaking sure you didn't rob a store or something… you know.\" I looked at himnconfused. Was he always so 'on edge' about me? Then Kathy walkednthrough the open door, and sat down on the couch next to me; my heartndropped. I sighed and positioned myself more comfortably in thenpadding. \"So, what are you twondoing?\" she questioned. \"I just moved in,\"nI said, using a falsely cheery tone. I wanted her to know Jay wasnoff-limits, after that warning Tony had given me I feared her. Thatnwarning, the one I had told Alex about… But I couldn't thinknabout that. It was painful to think about Alex. Besides, she hadnStacy. \"Yep,\" Jay saidnlamely. I stared at him with one of my perfected exasperated looks.nHis eyes plainly said, 'how can we throw them out?' I sighednagain. \"You better have somenseriously good weed,\" I compromised. Stacy walked over to the couchnand swung Kathy off, bringing her back down into his lap. I gruntednin disgust, and to hide it, shoved the fruit into my mouth. Stacy whipped out a fatnjoint, as Jay went to turn on the television. When it flashed on, Inimmediately saw Farrah Fawcett's perfect face fly across thenscreen. I groaned on the inside. I hated watching Charlie's Angelsnwith guys, because then they could compare me to the three, and nextnto them I looked terrible. I didn't have the bony body of thosengirls; instead I had boobs as big as theirs, but paired with annhourglass figure. Plus, my face was too round, hair too damaged, andneyes different shades of brown. I glanced at Kathy. She could haveneasily stood next to these girls untouched. Her perfect flowing hair,namazing skin, and small butt gave her an ideal look. I bit into thenapple viciously. \"Light that bitchnman. I'm getting impatient,\" I growled through chewing. Jayngrinned. \"I'll still staynin, if you stay in,\" he whispered into my ear. I took a deepnbreath; what would happen? I knew Jay had been with plenty of girls,nall of whom he had left. Would he do the same to me? Did I even havento do this? I mean, I guess it wasn't that big of a deal, just sex.nFor my reputation of being so fearless, I was suddenly scared of anmillion things. I turned my head slightly to the side, and staredninto his piercing eyes. They were what made me decide. \"'Course,\" Inreplied. Thankfully, my voice portrayed none of the fear I wasnexperiencing. -- -- -- I ruffled my hairnlightly. I then slid the strap over my shoulder, and examined myselfnin the mirror. I was wearing a black bra and underwear set. My bodynresembled one of a 50's pinup girl. Although, it wasn't very 'in'nmy thighs touched when walking. I had never noticed this before, andnthrew on my pair of faded jeans. I proceeded to slip into a graynv-neck, and dug around in Phalaine's makeup drawer. I swished anshadow across my lids, covered my lashes in mascara, and smeared somenunopened vanilla gloss on my lips. To my utter surprise, I didn'tnlook repulsive. Hell, I could see why girls like Kathy wore so much.nBut then again, I also found them incredibly ignorant. I flounced out, andnnoticed Jay sitting on his porch steps. I walked into the darknessnand sat next to him. He passed me a drink. I took a swig andnimmediately recognized it as tequila, rum, juice, and some seven upnhe must have found. It was sweet, and I knew I could get plasterednoff of it. From one of his neighbor's, I could hear Bob Dylan'snvoice softly playing. \" Wallflower,nwallflower, Won't you dance withnme? I'm sad and lonelyntoo. Wallflower,nwallflower, Won't you dance withnme? I'm fallin' in lovenwith you. Just like you I'mnwondrin' what I'm doin' here. Just like you I'mnwondrin' what's goin' on. Wallflower,nwallflower, Won't you dance withnme? The night will soonnbe gone. I have seen younstanding in the smoky haze, And I know thatnyou're gonna be mine one of these days, Mine alone. Wallflower,nwallflower, Take a chance onnme. Please let me ridenyou home.\" The music slowly diedndown, as I thought about how ironic it was that that particular songnhad been playing. I polished off the drink quickly and hurried intonthe house, using the ingredients he had left out. But before I wentnback outside, I took three shots of tequila. When I rejoined him, thenimages of the night sky were blurry. \"We don't have tondo this,\" he said, locking eyes with me. \"It's okay. I wantnto,\" I breathed, for at that moment, I truly did. I leaned in,ngiving him a fiery kiss, which became even more heated. We snappednoff, and he surveyed my eyes. I nodded quickly and he drew me backninto the house, and to his bedroom. He pulled me onto him, and wencontinued kissing as though there was no interruption. He slowlynremoved my shirt, reveling the lacy black bra. His eyes lit up. Hentook off his own shirt, showing his perfect abdomen. Even though he wasnenjoying himself, I could tell that his motives were not selfish. Hendidn't go quickly, but relished the time. He never pushed, andnasked before the actual act occurred. -- -- -- I lay there, underneathnthe protection of his golden arm, in his shirt and the ridiculouslynskimpy underwear I had donned the night before. My eyes were wide asnI recalled the night before. It was how almost everyone desired thenfirst time to be. It had hurt, but Jay was gentle. There was hardlynan awkward moment, and he muttered sweet nothings to me throughoutnit. Then he had lay with me until I dozed off. I had to remind myselfnit wasn't a dream. I curled closer to him,nand flipped over to look at him. He looked like some Greek God whomnhad mistakenly landed on earth. A small smile crept onto my face. Hisneyes cracked open, and he grinned at me; my heart fluttered. \"I'm glad we stayednin,\" he said, that notorious glint in his eyes. \"Me too,\" I repliednhonestly. -- -- -- The girl I had beennseemed to be hiding. I had been a girl who would have never been withnonly one guy. She would have never gotten that flipping feeling whennhe touched her. Never felt so comfortable talking to him. And mostnimportantly, she never would have moved in with someone, and thenncontinue to have sex. The girl I knew wouldn't have trusted anyonenenough to let that happen to her. But she got lost in Jay Adams. The morning after, wenwalked down to Zephyr, and hung out with Sid, Stacy, and Tony. It wasnas though nothing had happened. He wasn't awkward, wasn't touchy,nand didn't make any reference to it. It was too good to be true,nand I should have realized it. But for some unexplainable reason, Inhad fallen for Jay, and had to hope he wouldn't hurt me. Hope and trust havennever come through for me. I should have thought of this before I letnmyself go too far. -- -- -- Did you like thisnchapter? What do you think gonna happen? Now, I'm not makingnup excuses, but this next chapter might take a little longer, becausenthere's a lot to put in it. Please review! Youndon't understand how good they make me feel. -lette.[Chapter 12] Don't own the story, only my characters. Thank you everyone for leaving me reviews that made me continue!!! You don't understand how amazing that feels. -- -- -- The days passed into weeks, and the weeks slipped into months, and before I realized it, it was August. A slight cringe shot through my spine when I realized it was already August 16th, and I hadn't recognized it. School would be starting soon, and as I had already considered myself a dropout, I still knew I was smart. Hell, when I applied myself, which was rare, I got near perfect scores. Also, we had ceased waking early and going to surf, which seemed logical, due to all of the skating, but I missed it. And strangest of all, we began getting recognized, or, at least, Zephyr and the Zephyr team. Skip was getting orders from other countries, like Australia or Brazil, and it was beginning to grow into stressful work. He morphed into a drunken version of a businessman, while Montoya and Chino, still desired to surf all day. These changes didn't affect me, though, because Jay and I had been blissfully happy. After our rocky start, we grew into a pleasant relationship. Our decision to move in together had brought us closer, and I was relieved. The only problem we had was trust; it wasn't that I didn't trust him, but sometimes I felt inferior, which I didn't like. With the slight fame, or notoriety, girls were forming a line to be with Jay. It annoyed me. On this August 16th, I was lying on my back, allowing those thoughts to wash over me with my eyes shut. My hair was damp and wavy, as I had just showered, and was staining Jay's bed with water. The motion coming from the foot of the bed told me Jay had sat down on the bed with me. I felt his warm hand caress my calf, and it slowly moved up my leg, until he reached my hip. He then softly felt the side of my ribcage, and found his way to my cheek. As he was stroking it, I opened my eyes. \"Oh, did I wake you up?\" he asked gruffly. \"I wasn't sleeping,\" I responded. \"Hard to tell,\" he replied, flipping over to stare at the ceiling with me. \"Are you tripping or something?\" he questioned with a laugh. \"Ugh,\" I sighed, turning to look at his profile. I snuggled into his shoulder, and he lifted his arm to put around me. He nuzzled into my neck, and I laughed, having always been ticklish. \"What?\" \"Nothing,\" I lied, smiling. He grinned and leapt on top of me, and began tickling me at every spot he could reach. I managed to choke out, \"Stop! Stop!\" He collapsed on top of me, giving me a surprisingly gentle kiss, which became rough and passionate. He ran his hands smoothly through my wet hair, continuing to cup my face in his palms. We then stripped off our shirts and pants, and he was about to remove my bra when we heard, \"Ow, ow!\" Both of our heads snapped apart, and beheld Tony standing in the doorway, smirking. I immediately let my arms fall off of Jay, and groaned. Jay chuckled and said, \"What, you wanna pick up some new moves?\" \"You know I taught you everything,\" he answered as he plopped onto the bed. He picked up my damp shirt, wringed it, and folded it. \"Uh, man, are you gonna watch?\" Jay snapped from on top of me. Tony looked at us as if he hadn't realized we were still there. \"Well, I'm supposed to tell you two something,\" he informed us, and then said, \"Kimber, nice ass.\" \"What did you need to tell us?\" I asked, exasperated. I was totally out of the mood now. \"We're leaving to Del Mar tomorrow.\" When Jay and I were silent, he carried on, \"Oh, I guess you two wouldn't have heard, you know, 'cause you can't hear over the sound of Kimber moaning, but the team's going to the Ocean Front Skate Festival.\" \"Seriously?\" Jay perked up. \"Damn, you couldn't have told us sooner!\" he growled, knocking Tony on the back of the head. The sight was slightly comical, being as Jay was in his boxers. Tony sprung up, rubbing his head. \"You guys can continue now, but there's a thing at my place later.\" This was when I perked up. \"Do you have tequila? Or should I bring my own bottle?\" \"Nah, nah, I got it,\" he winked. Jay threw his sheet over me, as I hadn't noticed Tony eyeing me. \"Stop looking at her,\" he whispered, as he got off the bed and bumped Tony's shoulder. \"What, you starting to get protective, Jayboy?\" he leered, while Jay slid on his jeans. \"Whatever,\" I remarked, instead of Jay. I glided out from under the cloth he had thrown over me, and threw on my shirt. I then turned to Tony, \"Is just the team coming?\" \"Yeah, unless they bring other people,\" he shrugged. \"'Kay,\" I said, and brushed past Tony, entered the kitchen, and began to dig threw the fridge. I received a sharp slap to my butt, and heard Tony laugh, \"Damn, it's hard too!\" I popped my head out of the icebox, with the carton of orange juice in hand. \"Yeah, and you better believe your never getting it,\" I grinned. Standing behind Tony, Jay smiled at me. His eyes sparkled at me, and he started to form words, but I gulped some juice at that point, blocking my view of him. I brought the carton down quickly, too quickly, and some orange liquid spilled down the front of my shirt. \"Shit,\" I moaned, as the guys cracked up. While, I was cleaning my shirt, I couldn't help but wonder what words Jay wanted me to silently understand. -- -- -- I sucked deeply on the bong, taking a hit that made the neck solid white with smoke. I held it in, forcing my face to go red, and burning the back of my throat. When I finally blew out the smoke, I could hear Jay saying, \"Jesus, I still can't believe you only told us today.\" \"Hey man, I'm sorry about it. Does that make you feel better?\" Tony replied, with Blanca sitting on his lap. Jay swiped the bong from in front of me, and took his own hit. The Rolling Stones were booming from Tony's house, and even though it was one of their slower songs, it echoed off the walls perfectly. It is the evening of the day I sit and watch the children play Smiling faces I can see But not for me I sit and watch as tears go by \"So, chica, I hear Tony walked in on you two,\" I glared at Tony through the smoke. Jay choked on his hit, and began coughing. Blanca simply stared at me, so I said smartly, \"Yeah…\" while in my head I was thinking, 'Do you really ask someone you barely know that?' My riches can't buy everything I want to hear the children sing All I hear is the sound Of rain falling on the ground I sit and watch As tears go by I saw red hair bobbing above me, and shouted without thinking, \"Red Dog!\" The head immediately spun towards me, and he came striding over to the couch Jay and I were seated on. He flung himself upon the chair beside us, and across from Blanca and Tony. \"I've got some coke, if you want any,\" he offered. I shook my head, knowing when I was on cocaine I got angry extremely fast. Jay nodded, and I cocked my eyebrow. I had nothing against cocaine, as I had done it quite a lot, but his temper flared while on it too. It is the evening of the day I sit and watch the children play Doin' things I used to do They think are new I sit and watch As tears go by When Red Dog started to create the lines, I knew I wouldn't be able to resist, so I got up, yelling, \"Shots, anyone?\" In an instant, I was pouring five shots, for Peggy, Biniak, Shogo, Sid, and myself. \"Cheers,\" I called out, lifting my shot glass. We all knocked them back, making faces, and chasing them with beer. The process kept going, and before I knew it, I had done six shots. My vision was blurred, and feet unsteady. There was a slack smile on my face I couldn't wipe off. \"Another,\" I yelled. I only poured one, and gulped it down. \"Body shots!\" someone hollered, pulling me forward. My grin became looser as I let a guy I couldn't recognize drag me forward. He picked me up and swung me onto a counter. I propped myself up onto my elbows shouting, \"Who's first?\" A flock of guys surrounded me, but one raced to the front. I pulled up my shirt, revealing my navel, and allowed him to lick it, and then sprinkle salt on that area. He was handed a shot, and I picked up a lime that was lying by me, and placed it between my teeth. He slobbered up the salt on my stomach, swallowed the tequila, and took the lime from my mouth. As soon as my mouth was free, I said loudly, \"I need another fucking shot.\" \"Like hell you do!\" I heard someone answer. I turned my head quickly and the rest of my weight went with it, crashing to the floor. Being as drunk as I was, this didn't hurt, so I popped up and saw Jay. \"Jayboy!\" I cried, falling onto him, but catching myself around his neck. \"What the hell Kimber? You're letting other guys lick you? You fucking slut!\" he laughed maliciously. I looked up into his face confusedly. \"Wh-What?\" I hiccupped. \"You let guys do anything to you. I'm an idiot for thinking you actually cared about me.\" \"No, no, I didn't do that,\" I said, even though I had. I wasn't really sure of what I was saying. \"You did! I saw it!\" he still wasn't yelling, but talking loudly. \"Why are you so mad at me?\" I said softly, a tear leaking out of my eye. This surprised me, but I was always emotional when drunk. His face softened for a split second, but then the anger boiled back into his eyes. \"I'm in love with you, that's why! But you don't give a damn!\" he spit, ripping my arms away from him. I stumbled, struggling to balance myself. When I finally had, Jay was nowhere to be seen. \"Jay,\" I whispered, staring at all of the people. In my drunken state, I clumsily led myself out of the house, tripping down the stairs outside of Tony's place, and falling on to the concrete. I pushed myself up and tottered down the dark sidewalk, not sure of what had just happened, or where I was. Though I knew I hadn't gotten far, as I could hear the opening notes of Jimi Hendrix's \"Fire\", and spun around, staring back at the direction I had just came. Before I could make up my mind on whether to go back or keep walking, my throat filled with vomit. I fell to my knees in a nearby bush, splattering everything in my stomach inside of the bush. It felt like I had been there an eternity, when lights flashed onto me. Fear bolted through me, thinking it was the police. I remained with my head down, spitting the traces the vomit left in my mouth. \"Kimber?\" a familiar voice yelled. \"Stacy?\" I bellowed. \"Yeah, do you need a ride home?\" he trotted over to me with a concerned look. \"No,\" I shook my head three times. \"I'm just gonna sleep here tonight…\" \"Okay, come on,\" he said, dragging me to my feet. \"No, no, you don't have to,\" I said over and over again, thought letting him pick me up and set me in the passenger seat. When he slammed the car door, I let my head fall backwards, unsure if I was done puking. He hitched himself into the drivers seat and gasped, \"Jesus, what happened to your elbow?\" \"Huh?\" \"Your elbow, it's bleeding like crazy!\" \"Oh,\" I said, taking a look at it. He was right; there was a deep gash I could see my bone through. There was dirt stained around the edge of the cut, and blood was trickling down my forearm. \"Stace,\" I chuckled, \"If I could lick me elbow, this wouldn't be bad! But I can't… I'm such a fucking failure!\" He started the car, and both of us stared ahead for about a minute before, \"No you're not.\" \"Yeah I am.\" \"Hey, I'm the failure. Me and Kathy just had a fight because I wouldn't have sex with her in front of Tony,\" he laughed dryly. \"That's nothing. I think me and Jay just had a fight because I was letting people do body shots, or something.\" I started giggling. \"Then he called me a slut.\" Stacy stiffened at this as my giggles broke into roaring laughter. \"He really called you that?\" \"Well, it's not out of the ordinary,\" I said, swiping my hand across the air to prove I didn't mind. Tomorrow morning, I would wake up, and Jay and I would be fine; I was sure of it. \"I'm always called a slut. Plus, he was on coke.\" \"You don't deserve that,\" he quietly said. Before I could absorb that statement, I leaned out of the window that was permanently stuck down, and threw up. -- -- -- The next morning I woke up with a pounding headache. There was sunlight pouring in from a window, and it was hurting my head more, even though my eyes were shut. The bed I was lying in was incredibly soft, and I realized I was lying there alone. This fact wouldn't have bothered me normally, except it meant I wasn't in Jay's bed. Eyes still tightly closed, I attempted to remember if I had slept with someone else. Before I could retrace my steps far enough back to where I wasn't shitfaced, the sound of a door opening made me focus on keeping my body still. If it was another guy, I didn't want them to know I was up. I sensed that they were bustling around the room, and then drew closer to the bed I was using. \"Kimber, Kimber, wake up…\" the voice drawled. 'I know that voice,' my beating head thought. \"Come on. We gotta go meet at Sid's for the Ocean Front Festival. Wake up.\" My eyes cracked open, and the pain in my head went to a higher level, but I breathed a sigh of relief. It was only Stacy. \"That's today?\" I moaned. \"But I'm so hungover…\" \"I know. That's why I'm gonna get some weed in you, you'll be fine.\" \"Okay, okay, gimme some space.\" He glanced at me suspiciously, as though he thought I was going to go back to sleep, and left the room. I climbed out of bed unwillingly, and saw my clothes had changed. As I had no recollection of putting on Stacy's shirt and a pair of his boxers, I wondered if he had stripped me down, or if I had done it myself. I began searching the room, and discovered a pair of cutoffs, and my Zephyr shirt. I didn't care to think of how they'd gotten there; I would simply ask Stacy later. I dismissed the fact that I might have pranced around naked in front of Stacy and tried to pick up the pieces of last night. While I was dressing, I started thinking hard. We had gotten to Tony's, and… did Jay do some lines? I vaguely remember coke coming into play. Jay and I had an argument, and somehow I ended up puking in some bushes. By the time I was thoroughly confused by how little I remembered I leaned back on the bed, only to experience a sharp stinging in my left elbow. I glanced down at it, and noticed it had a wad of gauze taped to my skin. As if I hadn't been confused enough. 'I need to talk to Stacy,' I decided, exiting the bedroom. I hated admitting defeat, but I needed to know why I went home with Stacy and not Jay. \"Hey… Stacy?\" \"Hey,\" he said hurriedly, brushing by me and handing me a joint. \"Here, that's some strong shit, so you'll feel better.\" \"Thanks,\" I responded, puffing on it. \"So,\" I began again, after blowing out a steady stream of smoke. \"Mind telling me what the hell happened last night?\" \"Dude, I don't even know what happened to your elbow. I just cleaned it,\" he chuckled, taking the joint from me and throwing himself across the couch. I perched myself gently upon a chair. \"Okay… So, how did I end up at your place?\" I really didn't care about my elbow. \"Well, I found you hurling in some bushes right around the corner from Tony's house.\" \"Was I alone?\" \"Yeah, you said you and Jay got into a fight,\" he averted his eyes when he said this. \"About what?\" I persisted. \"Something like, you were doing body shots, I guess, and he was on coke, and he said some things… I'm sure you're fine,\" he sighed. \"Body shots? Jesus, I'm ridiculous,\" I said quietly. \"Wait, what did say?\" \"You said he said he called you a slut, or something,\" he replied hastily. A slut? Hadn't it been just yesterday he was covering me up from Tony's view? I must have looked as though I was going to ask more questions, because Stacy said, \"Hey, we need to get to Sid's.\" He stood up, smashed the joint in an ashtray, and straightened his Zephyr shirt. \"Come on,\" he added, when I showed no signs of movement. I got up, my head spinning slightly, and followed him outside into the blazing heat. -- -- -- \"Rufus, you're so beautiful,\" I cooed to the giant headed brindle Pit-bull. He belonged to Sid, but this dog didn't act like a dog. He had beautiful brown eyes that stared into your soul. I had always loved going to Sid's amazing house, but mainly because of Rufus. We were lounging by the pool, which would be ideal for draining. Jay had sent Sid inside to ask his dad. Stacy was lying on his stomach, gazing into the depths of the pool. Tony was sitting on a pool chair, and Jay was beside Stacy, but on his side, shoving his face with crackers. I was the only one talking, and it was all directed at Rufus. There was an awkward feeling in the air that I had never felt between us. Jay hadn't even pretended to be concerned about my elbow. Tony kept glancing from Jay to me, me to Stacy, Stacy to Jay, and back again. Stacy seemed to be in his own world. And Jay was being shifty. He hadn't said a word to me all day, and couldn't even bear to look at me. As much as this tore me up, I pretended not to notice. Suddenly Jay sprang up. Sid was approaching us. \"Hey, what'd your dad say?\" Jay asked. \"What'd he say? Sid, are you high? The pool's for swimming,\" Sid responded. Jay wasn't done though. \"Just tell him we'll fill it back in when we're done,\" Jay pleaded. \"Yeah he said if you get hurt you'll sue him.\" When Sid said this, I laughed out loud. \"We won't sue him,\" Jay said through mouthfuls of crackers. \"He said you parents will,\" Sid replied simply. \"Dude, our parents can't even afford lawyers,\" Stacy piped up. So he had been listening, and made a really good point. Tony jumped from his chair and to Sid's side. \"Hey man, hey man, let me talk to your dad,\" he chimed in. \"Hey man, the only Mexicans my dad talks to push lawnmowers,\" Sid joked, swinging his arm around Tony's neck. Tony started playfully fighting him. Before they could get far, honking blared in the distance. \"Hey, you guys, it's Skip, come on,\" Tony said, pausing from the fight him and Sid were having. Everyone leapt up and began sprinting in the general direction of the noise. Rufus ran beside me barking, while shouts of, \"Hey shotgun!\" and \"No I get shotgun!\" rang through the air. -- -- -- Somehow, in the shuffle, I had ended up in the middle of Skip and Stacy in the front-seat. The smell of Skip's burger was nauseating me, and I was thinking about asking Stacy to switch seats with me, so that I could hurl some more. The conversation of the backseat floated up to reach my ears. \"Seriously, we should drain it when he goes on his next business trip,\" Jay was saying. \"Yeah, and have you all killed, good one though. Good idea, but no,\" Sid said sarcastically. As much as I wanted that pool drained, I was becoming increasingly annoyed with Jay, and chortled at Sid's remark. I could practically feel Jay's topaz eyes burning into the back of my head. Even though I wasn't facing him, I knew he was gnawing on his nail, because it was a habit of his. He only did it when he was preoccupied or nervous. I couldn't tell which one. Suddenly, Jay leaned out the window, shouting on the top of his lungs, \"Kiss me granny, love to get me some of the gray beaver!\" Despite my indignation with Jay, I spun around in time to see two elderly women in long fur coats standing on a street corner. A smirk crept onto my face, turning into a burst of laughter, along with the rest of the guys. \"Come back when your balls drop!\" one of the ladies yelled back. This only made everyone laugh so hard our stomachs hurt. \"Ooh yeah, you lookin' good!\" he jeered, shaking his fist. He emitted some short cheers as we passed the two. \"Go back! Go back!\" Sid commanded leaning forward and bellowing in Skip and my ears. By now all of us were cracking up, and for a second, we forgot what had come between us. It was then I realized something was between all of us. I glanced in the backseat, and caught Tony's eye. He appeared to be studying me. He snapped his head away as soon as he registered I was staring back. Something had definitely found it's way in the middle of us. I wasn't sure if it was anything to worry about, or how it involved all of us, but it scared me. A sharp honk from behind made me jump. I turned around in my seat and saw Red Dog driving Peggy, Biniak, and Shogo. I grinned slightly, the thought still plaguing my mind. When we finally pulled into the parking lot, Jay had hopped out, hanging onto the bumper while riding his skateboard. For once that day, the thought of what was going on with Jay and I was chased from my mind. There were so many teams there, and shockingly, fans. My mouth dropped open and Stacy lightly pushed me smirking, \"Snap out of it.\" I followed him out of the car, and blinked in the sunlight. We were in Huntington Beach, and it I was surprised how clean it was. The sounds of girls shrieking \"I love you Tony!\" made me stare at him. He was taking it all surprisingly well, signing boards, and smiling at all of the girls. Skip was striding through all of the different companies, ignoring them. Stacy stayed by my side, and I had already loss track of Jay. \"Come on,\" Stacy whispered into my ear, his breath tickling it. We approached the throng of people surrounding the area all the teams were to skate on. Tony was already preparing himself, so I pushed to the front of the crowd, with Stacy right behind me. \"Oh I'm sorry,\" a gray-eyed boy apologized as he bumped into me. \"Yeah, yeah, it's fine,\" I said nonchalantly. He then did a double-take. \"Whoa, you're on the Zephyr team?\" \"Yeah,\" I snapped, knowing it was because I was a girl. No one ever treated Peggy like she didn't deserve it; why did I always get that? \"Why?\" \"Well, I mean-\" \"Hey man,\" Stacy interrupted, stepping in front of me. \"She's a great skater who could probably kick your ass. Not to mention, she's better looking. So lay off.\" I was shocked. Stacy noticed I caught hell for being a girl? The guy looked a little offended, and stalked off. \"Whoa, dude, thanks,\" I said lamely. He contemplated me briefly before we both heard the screams of \"Tony! Tony!\" and focused our attention on him. He went over the ramp, sliding in front of some loud girls, who appeared honored by his presence; I rolled my eyes. The crowd had started chanting, \"Tony. Tony. Tony.\" He finished his run with another slide, where he remained basking in the attention with an enormous smile plastered on his face. Out of nowhere, I saw Jay's face, contorted in concentration. He flew off the ramp landing it, slid in a circle, touching his hands to the ground, while the crowd sang his own name. For some unexplainable reason, it ripped at my insides to watch Jay. So instead, I studied the crowd. I found Tony, who was examining Jay as though he was thinking how he could do everything better. Maybe this was only my imagination though. After Jay had finished his run, I gave Stacy a reassuring smile. He then tucked his shining hair behind his ear, a girls voice cried, \"Stacy!\" and he pushed off. He slid, accomplished two full spins, and continued with a zig-zagging motion. I noted that Tony was still watching intently. Stacy completed with a double slide, his hair flying everywhere. He stood up and moved off of the area, when no sooner, Tony came flying from off of the top of a lighthouse, landing his jump perfectly. The entire crowd was screaming as he yelled, \"Alva!\" while flipping his hair, and fiddled his tongue out if his mouth. The photographers were going crazy, and a mob of girls flocked around him. He somehow got a hold of a marker and was signing the girl's thighs, stomachs, and chests. I caught a glimpse of Stacy and Jay, who looked both proud and baffled. My stomach gave an uneasy flip. I couldn't compete, not today. I walked away from the mass of people, and noticed Skip was selling Zephyr gear for unreasonable amounts. I had to grin a little. I moved over to where he was sitting, and stood next to him. \"Thought I needed a model, baby?\" he said sarcastically, eyeing me through his sunglasses. \"She certainly could be one,\" a male voice said. \"Hi, Marvin Perez, from Time Magazine. I was wondering if you'd consider posing for a cover, and then maybe doing a spread inside? Of course, an interview would be ideal also,\" He told me. My mouth dropped open, as Skip laughed out loud. \"You have a beautiful face,\" he went on, \"And a very nice shape,\" he seemed to believe compliments might push me to say yes. I stared blankly. \"You're serious?\" \"Why, of course. You and this team are getting big, fast. It'd be amazing to have such a gorgeous girl who is also a part of skateboarding in Time.\" When I still appeared to not be able to grasp what he was saying, he hurriedly said, \"No exposure, of course. I mean, a swimsuit, if your comfortable, and your Zephyr shirt, if that's why you're worried. Here, let me give you my card, and you call me when you've made up your mind, okay? Nice meeting you,\" he finished, handing me a glossy card with his name, number, and Time Magazine printed on it. I looked at Skip, stunned, and he grinned up at me. \"Ooh, gonna leave the team and strip down now, are you? Make some quick cash?\" he drawled jokingly. \"Shut up,\" I groaned. Of course the guy's would get other skateboarding companies offers, and I was stuck with a magazine. I shoved the card forcefully inside the back pocket of my shorts, not planning on taking it out. Eventually, the festival drew to a close. Stacy, Tony, Jay and I decided to ride back with Skip; Sid drove home with Red Dog. Jay had yet to make direct conversation with me, or even look me in the eye. By this point in time, it was killing me. I honestly didn't think something so trivial as me being a drunken slut, that he knew I could be, would tear us apart. On the way back, we stopped at a gas station. I was gazing out the window of the store, watching as Jay set back the price while the employee washed the car. This upset me even more, for I had taught him that trick. When Jay had finished, he headed into the store. Skip, whom had been surprisingly quiet, spoke, \"Tell me about Larry man, huh?\" he directed this at Tony, as they were squeezing cheese and chili out of the tubs. I cast my gaze to Stacy, who was asking questions to the man at the register. He was the only one who would talk to me. I didn't dwell on this, and went back to eavesdropping. I observed that Jay was watching intently from behind them. \"What about him?\" Tony questioned. \"Well you tell me,\" Skip countered. It was at that point Jay cut in the middle of the two, roughly punching cheese into a small bag. \"That dude told me some shit about how great I was, dude, 'you may be the best skater in the world someday, fact is, I think you are the greatest,' he said, in a mocking tone as he slouched outside. I caught the back of Tony's head droop in the slightest after Jay walked out, before he rushed out. Stacy left the counter, and was cornered by Skip in the doorway, with me right behind them. \"So, what'd he say to you Peralta?\" \"Well, I guess, uh, we're all the best skaters in the world,\" Stacy laughed, smiling at me, prior to joining the other two guys outside. \"Yeah…\" I knew Skip was trying to see whether or not a company had bought the guys out, and hadn't gotten an absolute answer. When Skip and I strolled out, Jay was sitting on the huge gas tank, with Tony and Stacy leaning against the wall. Tony was eyeing his half eaten hot dog with a look of disgust. \"Well it's all working out for you boys,\" Skip said, with a hint of anger in his voice. \"And girl. Kimber here's gonna be a fancy model,\" Skip sneered. The looks of bewilderment on Tony and Stacy's faces seemed like they would ask a question, but Jay was already on a new topic. It was as though he hadn't heard that ludicrous statement. \"You know what I'm thinking bro's? We're gonna be on summer vacation for the next twenty years,\" Jay mused. Stacy turned to Tony, a look of excitement on his face. \"Yeah,\" he chuckled. Tony threw a piece of his hot dog at Stacy. I could tell I wasn't the only one in a bad mood. \"Oh! Dude, that's nasty man!\" Stacy snorted, shaking it out of his hair. Without warning, Jay leapt off the gas tank, slamming his skateboard onto the bad filled with cheese, splattering a car nearby. The man who owned the car was talking with a girl, but immediately halted, darting at us, yelling. We sprinted to Skip's car amidst several screams. It was odd to me that only yesterday Jay was kissing me, holding me, speaking with me. I had no idea what had happened. -- -- -- The car rolled to a halt. \"I'm not taking all of you punks to your houses. You can walk. I'm gonna go sleep. Later maggots,\" Skip stated waving us goodbye. We all stood there, on some sidewalk, and started walking in the general direction of our homes. No one was skating, as our legs had fallen asleep on the way home. I didn't actually remember too much of the drive, as I had passed out on Stacy's shoulder. Once again that day, a barrier seemed to have grown between us as we were walking. \"Hey, dude,\" Tony broke the silence. \"Can we all just hang at your place, Stace? He dropped us near it.\" \"Yeah, whatever man.\" I didn't mind that we would be sleeping at Stacy's, considering that's what I had done last night. And then it hit me. Did Jay think I had done something with Stacy? If I wouldn't have felt so lousy, I might have laughed. 'When we get there,' I thought, 'I'll set him straight. Everything will go back to normal.' -- -- -- \"I'm gonna go shower,\" Tony sighed, leaving Stacy's front room. I was spread on the couch, with Stacy propped up against it, and Jay on the chair. \"Kay,\" Stacy yawned. He then pushed himself off the floor. \"I'm gonna crash. Jay, hope you have enough room in that recliner, and tell Tony to come into mine for pillows.\" Jay nodded. \"'Night,\" I called to Stacy, as he departed the room. Immediately, there was tension. I rested myself on my elbows, so as to face Jay. \"Jay,\" I started, not really knowing how to say what I wanted to. \"Look, about last night,\" there, that was a good place to start. I took a deep breath. \"I was wasted, and I know being a whore, but I didn't do anything with anyone. Unless you count a body shot. But nothing happened between me and anyone.\" He had finally turned my way, but his face was sullen. \"I'm sorry,\" he sighed, moving over to peck me on the lips. \"I knew nothing happened, I guess I was… overreacting,\" he locked my mismatched brown eyes with his shocking topaz ones. I smiled; I hadn't expected my apologizing to work so quickly, but was relieved, nonetheless. -- -- -- \"Holy shit,\" I said, awed. The next day we skated to an empty pool the team told us about, and we're stunned to find reporters and photographers present. They told us they were from Skateboard Magazine, and I grew excited. That was a magazine I wanted to be in. The woman first took Tony aside, then Jay, and then Stacy. Surprisingly, they also wanted a short bit with me too. \"What do you think about Venice?\" \"It's my home,\" I grinned. When I was younger I rehearsed this millions of times. \"What's it like being around so many guys?\" \"They're like my brothers, I've known them so long.\" \"How do you look like you do, and do what you do?\" I hadn't been prepared for this question. \"Huh?\" \"Well, you are stunning, and yet you just hang out with your friends and skate! How?\" \"Um… I don't know,\" great, now I sounded like a bimbo. \"Okay, great, we just need a few shots.\" She told me to stand on the outside of the pool, while the photographer shot me from inside of the pool. We had only snapped a few, when she yelled, \"Can we get some shorts? And a small, black shirt? And some makeup?\" These supplies in hand, she ran over to me, telling me to change, while a makeup artist smeared things on my lips, dabbed my face, and drew on my eyes. \"But, this isn't my Zephyr shirt,\" I protested, when I regained use of my face. \"We'll be shooting you from the front, no one will be the wiser.\" -- -- -- \"I can't believe we're gonna be in Skateboard magazine!\" I shrieked. We had headed to Jay's after all the chaos, but it was only Tony and I there, at the time. He had sent Stacy and Jay to go get us something to eat. It was almost as if he was trying to get me on my own, but I was on such a high from being recognized, I didn't care. \"Yeah, it's unreal, huh?\" he grinned weakly. \"Look, Kimber, I gotta tell you something… I was going to tell you yesterday, but Jay told me he would, and then ya'll are all fine today…\" he trailed off. When he mentioned Jay, he had received my full attention. What had Jay not told me? \"What Tony? Tell me.\" \"Okay, well at my party, you know, you and Jay got into a fight, and well, he was out of his mind high and drunk. And really pissed at you, 'cause he was doing coke…\" once again, Tony paused. I was becoming frustrated by now, and was looking daggers at him. \"And?\" I pressed. \"Well, my sister was there, and I saw it, I just didn't say anything,\" Tony moped. \"Tony? What the fuck, are you trying to tell me?\" \"Jay cheated on you,\" he finished. My insides went cold. \"Wh-What?\" I stuttered. \"Look, I wouldn't have said anything, but it didn't seem like he was going to.\" I felt as though everything in my body was screaming. My eyes became blurry, but I blinked the tears away. There was a lump building in the back of my throat, that I tried swallowing with no success. How could he? How dare he? And here I was thinking it was my fault. That motherfucker. \"Tony,\" I was shaking, but luckily no sobs had been released. \"I need you to help me get my shit.\" \"Kimber, shouldn't you wait for Jay to get back, you know, so you can talk about it?\" \"Hell no, come on,\" I forcefully said. When in Jay's room, I began rummaging through everything, snatching up anything that was mine. This didn't take longer than fifteen minutes. I zipped my duffel, and stared at Tony. \"Thanks for helping,\" I said coldly. I knew better than to trust anyone, and I fell into a trap. But I sure as hell wasn't gonna give him the satisfaction of seeing me hurt. I stormed out his front door, only to run straight into Jay. The look on his face was one of pure shock, but I kept moving, determined to let no one see me cry. I began running as soon as I was down his stairs. When I thought I'd gone far enough I cut into an alley, throwing my duffel and falling to my knees. I would head over to Stacy's when it got dark, after I had finished my sobbing. Hot tears seeped from my eyes and stained my face, but I didn't mind. How could I have been so naïve to trust him? To think, I thought there was something there… Something beyond anything I'd ever felt… The worst part was, there was. And I couldn't let it go. I stayed in that alley long past nightfall, underneath the yellow moon, wishing more than anything that the one person who I thought cared about me, hadn't betrayed me. -- -- -- AUTHOUR'S NOTE. PLEASE READ: I will be leaving for the month of August on vacation! I realize I finished with a cliffhanger, but I was about to give too much information, and make people hate me for leaving on vacation with that in mind. My next update will be in the first week of September. I'm so sorry! If there's a computer where I'm going, it will be soon. Don't give up on me! Please. And review! Because, those will push me to write in August. I love you guys! -lette.[Chapter 13] I'm back, and with antan! Wow, you would not believe how many ideas I had flowing whilenthere, and nowhere to update! Disclaimer: I do notnown this/or any of the music in it. -- -- -- When I surfaced from myndamp and salty palms, it was to find a scraggly man hovering over me.nIf I had been feeling well, the sight might have scared me a little,nbut I had no emotion to spare for the stranger. \"Hey honey, younholding?\" the toothless junkie asked. \"No.\" \"Well, you got anynmoney?\" he persisted. \"Sorry.\" \"Shit, man, come on,nwhat's in the bag?\" \"Nothing.\" \"Then why the hellnare you back here?\" he questioned angrily. I stared up into hisndark, bloodshot eyes, and thought about what had led me to thisnalley, with my eyes stinging from lack of moisture. I guess I could tracenthis back to my overnight prison visit. Maybe it started when I wasnkicked out; or living with Jay. Hell, the reason I was in thisncertain alley could be blamed on my mother getting knocked up.nInstead of trying to understand how exactly I ended up where I was, Insimply said, \"My boyfriend cheatednon me, that's all,\" as I spoke, I pushed my numb body intonstanding position, and grabbed my duffel. \"Nice meeting you,\" Insighed tonelessly, turning out of the alley with the man watching mynretreating back. I couldn't go tonTony's, because that was also Kathy's. Sid lived all the way onnthe cusp of Venice and the edges of the Valley. Home was out of thenquestion. I would feel too awkward at Stacy's. It was then I realized,nI didn't know where to go. All I could think was to not break downnand cry, not break down and think about him. The answer hit me withna cold blast of air conditioning as a bar door swung shut. I struttednthrough the same door, and was shot with the same cool air. The barnitself was filled with smoke, and contained two pool tables, and anfew barstools that were thrown around lazily. There were two bigntattooed guys playing pool, three elderly men, sipping on whiskey atnthe bar, the bartender, who smiled at me upon my entry, and gesturednme forward, and a girl who looked my age, clad in bellbottoms andnleaning against the wall, swaying gently to the music. She had wilted flowersntangled in her light brown hair, feathers tied around her skinnynupper arm, and thousands of rings on each tiny finger. There were nonshoes on her dirty feet, and had a thin gray shirt over the highnwaist of her jeans. Her eyes were closed, but I knew she wasnstunning. I walked to a barstool,nshoving my bag into the seat beside me, as the bartender came my way. \"Rough night?\" hengrinned. His green eyes scanned my tearstained face, and then asked,n\"Whatever you want, on the house.\" \"Some whiskey andnrum, any kind you got. Where's the bathroom?\" \"Just the whiskey andnrum?\" he sized me up critically. \"Yeah,\" I replied,na note of defiance in my answer. \"Bathrooms overnthere,\" he pointed to the side with the two pool tables, and behindnthem, a door. \"Thanks,\" I smiled. I entered the bathroomnslowly, the smile falling from my face. My blue streaks were stickingnout in my dark hair, and I toyed with the idea of just dying all mynhair a different color: bright red, electric blue, or even deepnpurple. It was frizzing, and especially thick tonight; the tanglesnlooked impossible. My eyes were blank, just a little red around thenrims. I was still wearing my Zephyr shirt and jeans, and at thenmoment felt incredibly stupid about every decision or thing I hadnever said. I needed to change, and it would begin with my clothes.nThen I remembered I left my bag unwatched, and hurried out of thenbathroom. Through the haze, I sawnthe angelic girl laughing with the bartender, my duffel untouchednbetween them. I sat back down on mynstool, and he set the glass in front of me. I took a sip, andnimmediately wanted to vomit; the two liquors were so strong theynburned. It was perfect. \"Cig?\" the girlnoffered me. \"Thanks,\" Inanswered, trying to grin. She handed me a lighter and a cigarette.nAfter I had puffed on it once, I noticed her eyes. They were graynflecked with turquoise, like a peaceful storm was occurring inside ofnher, and only added to her beauty. \"We we're justnsaying what an amazing piece of art this song is,\" she informed me.nI listened for a second, and realized it was Pink Floyd. Remember when younwere young, You shone like thensun. Shine on you crazyndiamond. Now there's a looknin your eyes, Like black holes innthe sky. Shine on you crazyndiamond. \"I'd have to agreenwith you,\" I nodded, dragging on my cigarette. \"I heard you when youncame in,\" she said casually. I froze for a second, then spoke, \"Uh, thanks.\" \"I couldn't seenyou, but I could sense your worries so strongly, it was like theynwere yelling to me,\" she drawled. I glanced at the bartender tonhelp me respond, but he had gone to attend to the three other men atnthe bar. So, I took a swig of my drink. \"I felt yournproblems, and I'm sorry for whatever you have experienced, or maynexperience. Because I can sense your trials are far from over.\" I slowly moved my headnin a circle, hoping it was the correct way to respond. You were caught innthe crossfire, Of childhood andnstardom, Blown on the steelnbreeze. Come on you targetnfor faraway laughter, Come on younstranger, you legend, you martyr, and shine! \"What's your name?\"nI popped out randomly. She beamed at me. \"Hazel.\" \"Are you from here?\" \"We drift around.nWe're never bound.\" \"We?\" \"Yeah, you shouldncome with us,\" she told me. I cocked my head to the side. \"I've sorta gotnsome stuff that I have to do here before I leave,\" when she lookednconfused, I pinched my shirt and explained, \"I'm on a skate team,nand can't really leave right now,\" I began to feel embarrassednand a little irritated. I was bound, not free. Hazel was free, and Inwanted that. \"Well, we're gonnanhang here a while, if you get that shit settled down.\" You reached for thensecret too soon, You cried for thenmoon. Shin on you crazyndiamond. Threatened bynshadows at night, And exposed in thenlight. Shine on you crazyndiamond. I hadn't realizednthat she was muttering the lyrics to the song randomly. \"So, you have anynfamily?\" I questioned, trying to make conversation. \"'Course,\" shenlaughed. \"Everyone is a family member.\" \"Right,\" I agreednconfusedly, and gulped the remainder of my drink. \"Anyways, it wasngreat meeting you.\" \"A pleasure talkingnwith you, Azure,\" she glowed at me. I halted in the process ofngrabbing my bag, and surveyed her perfect face. Well you wore outnyour welcome with random precision, Rode on the steelnbreeze. Come on you raver,nyou seer of visions, Come on you painter,nyou prisoner, and shine! \"Wh-What did you justncall me?\" \"Azure. That's yournname, right?\" \"How'd you know?\" \"I could tell,\" shensaid simply. \"Well, I'll see younaround,\" I stated, throwing my bag over my shoulder and heading fornthe door. \"I bet you will,\"nshe sighed mystically. I waved at the bartender, and walked out ontonthe dark sidewalk, turning left, towards Stacy's house. The way Hazel hadnguessed my middle name both scared me and fascinated me. Although,nthe way it rolled off her tongue so beautifully made me proud of it,nfor the first time. -- -- -- I lightly tapped onnStacy's small bedroom window, and waited, swaying back and forth. Anfew seconds later, his blue eyes appeared through the glass. Henfidgeted with the lock, and the pulled the window upward. I placed mynfoot on a particularly large rock, which was there for these exactnpurposes, and shoved my bag through the hole. I then put my head innand squeezed my shoulders through. He took my hands in his, while Inwiggled my hips and legs through, landing directly on his bed, whichnwas underneath the window. We stared at each othernfor a little while, before I said, \"Can I sleep on thencouch?\" \"Take the bed,\" henresponded, his shining hair flashing as he shook his head. \"No, I'll be fine,\"nI protested. \"Seriously Kimber,\"nhe groaned, attempting to leave the bed, but I reached out and caughtnhis arm, holding him to the bed. \"Look, let's justnboth sleep here,\" I negotiated. \"It's late, and I don't wantnto argue.\" \"Okay, understood,\" he shrugged, lying back andnsliding the comforter over himself. His platinum hair fanned aboutnhis face, and his penetrating blue eyes locked on me, as I got undernthe covers. Suddenly, I wasnovercome by emotion, wishing to be in Jay's bed, with his armnaround me. I could feel a lump forming in the back of my throat, andnswallowed tasting traces of the liquor I had digested. \"So, I went to thisnbar, and met this girl named Hazel-\" I started, but Stacy cut menoff. \"You know, me andnTony are totally angry with Jay about this thing too. I can'tnbelieve he did that to you!\" his face flipped over to look at mine,nwhich had a tear seeping out of one of its eyes. His hand brushednaway the tear softly, and where his fingered touched my face burned.nIt occurred to me how close our faces were, when he whispered,n\"You're too good for that. You're beautiful, funny, smart,\"nhe inched closer, \"and better than that,\" he finished, now sonclose I could smell the peppermint scent of his hair, and feel hisncool breath on my face. I could sense somethingnwas about to happen between us, and a little voice inside of my headncontinued to repeat, 'This is Stacy. This is Stacy. This is STACY.' But I think that wasnwhat appealed to me most, when his gentle lips connected with my own.nIt wasn't natural, like with Jay, but it was sincere and feltnright. Before I knew it, my hands were running through his smoothnhair, and his were rubbing my back. When these thoughts registered, Instopped, and so did he. We broke away, staring at each other. \"Are we doing this?\"nhe asked. \"Yes,\" I said,ninstantly, wanting anyone to replace Jay. Then we began again, and henflipped himself on top of me, removing his shirt and revealing hisntoned body. I grinned, not thinking of anything except Stacy at thatnmoment. -- -- -- I started at the soundnof pots and pans banging. My eyes flew open, and I realized I wasnalone in Stacy's bed, completely naked. My heart rate rocketed, andnmy breathing became fast and shallow. I had thought it was all andream, and I would wake up engulfed in sandalwood. I threw my handsnto my head, cursing my impulses. I sprang out of the sheets, puttingna pair of his boxers and his shirt on. How would I ever be able tonhang out with Jay or Stacy again? I entered the kitchennto see Stacy cooking breakfast. When he saw me, his face lit up. \"I'm makingnpancakes,\" he told me, pouring some batter into a pan. I tried tonsmile, but it came out more like a grimace. \"Morning,\" Ingreeted, sitting gingerly in a chair, and dragging my hand through mynhair. The sweet scent of the food wafted towards me, and I ponderednhow awkward I was feeling, but how at peace he was. \"So, Stace,njust to be clear, last night was…\" I trailed off. He looked at menquizzically. \"I mean,\" I startednover. \"Kathy and Jay cheated on us, and we cheated back, so it'snover now, right?\" \"Um, Kimber-\" henbegan, but was interrupted by a loud knock. \"Hang on.\" \"Yeah, yeah,\" Insaid quietly. I heard him open the door, and then a voice I hadn'tnheard in a while shriek, \"Where is she? I knownshe's here! I checked the other two shitholes, so she has to benhere!\" \"Um-\" \"Do you know what thenfuck she did?\" after this yell, I ran to the door to find Nicole'snperfect face tearstained and red with anger. \"There you are! Younfucking bitch!\" she darted at me, but Stacy took hold of her twonarms, as she struggled to brake free. \"What the hell?\" Inscreamed at her. She ripped her arms from Stacy's grip and glarednat me, shaking with sobs or anger. \"You wanna know? I'llntell you. You killed her!\" When I lookednbefuddled, she continued. \"Mom,\" she sobbed.n\"She died, because of you!\" Something inside of mencrumpled. Was Nicole actually telling the truth? Was my mother dead? \"Wh-What? You'renlying,\" I choked out, not daring to believe my ears. \"Oh, yeah, I'mnlying,\" she laughed mockingly, waving her hands. \"Oh, this'llnmake you care, Alex was in the accident too, you fucking whore.\" \"What are younsaying?\" I bellowed, advancing on her. A new wave of tears washednover her. \"She was driving himnhome, and-and, they were in a wreck,\" she bawled. \"But beforenthat, it was like she had already lost the desire to live. Two of hernchildren abandoned her!\" I sprang towards her,nbut Stacy intercepted me, and caught my waist. \"That's not true!\"nI roared, over Stacy's shoulder. \"They're not dead!\" Nicole's eyeballsnbore into me, and she said softly, \"They are. They'rengone. The service is this tomorrow at 10, and the burial at 12,\"nwith that, she spun on her heel, and slammed the door behind her. When the door shut, Inbroke down. My legs could no longer hold my weight, and my weepingnwas noisy and uncontrollable. Things were racing through my mindnquickly, as though I was reliving them. \" But I don'tnwant to go!\" \" Honey, I know,nbut you have to,\" her kind brown eyes smiled at me. \" But what if henmakes fun of me again! He's so mean, and then I get in trouble fornhitting him!\" I protested. \" He just likes younsweetie, that's all,\" she laughed. \" No, Jay doesn'tnlike anyone.\" \" Well, you have tongo to school, and then after I'll take you out for dinner. Anywherenyou want,\" she bargained. \" Fine.\" She took my hand,nand led me to my classroom. -- \" Mom, why do allnthe other kids dads go to the school to pick them up?\" I wonderednone day, coming home from second grade. \" Because theirndaddies are the ones who got left.\" I ogled at her. \" Why? Can't twonpeople be happy?\" A small dropletnleaked from her eye. \"Yes, honey, they can. You keep believingnthat.\" -- \" I'm so stupid!nI'm never riding a skateboard again!\" I cried, staring at thendeep and painful gash in my knee. \" You always havento keep trying.\" \" You gave up,\" Incountered, being too young to know she didn't, and she kept goingnfor her children. -- \" God, mom, mustnyou take in more kids?\" I wailed stubbornly, now twelve. \"We'renalready poor enough, without more people eating our food.\" \" Yes, we will livenwith them Kimberly! They are good kids, who you'll love. Ones aboutntwo years younger than you.\" \" Great,\" Ingroaned sarcastically. \"Hey, if you stop calling me Kimberly, I'llndo it,\" I tried. \" Really?\" shenlooked hopeful. \"And what will I call you? Since the beautiful namenI gave you at birth obviously means nothing.\" \" What about…nKimber.\" \" I could deal withnthat,\" she agreed. -- It was the eveningnthat Nick left. Nick was her firstborn, and she loved him. People saynthere's no greater love than a mother for her children, and Inbelieved it. She sat alone,nsniveling at the table. I speculated from a doorway, with tearsnfalling down my own cheeks. -- The smallnbrown-haired boy entered my room. \" Hi, I'm Alex.\" \" I'm Nicole,\"nshe said, sitting next to me on the bed. I popped off, sizing him up. \" How old are you?\"nI asked immediately. \" Ten,\" henanswered, nervously. \" Well, I'mntwelve, so I'm in charge,\" I said proudly. \" No! I'mnfourteen,\" Nicole corrected. \" Whatever,\" Inreplied, waving my hand to dismiss this fact. \"Have you evernsurfed?\" \" No…\" \" Come on!\" Indragged him out of my room, and directly to my mother. \" Mom, will yountake me to the pier? The guys are gonna be there, so it'll benfine.\" -- \" Shit!\" Ingrowled, slipping on the window ledge and falling into the dry grass.nAlex lent me a hand and lifted me up. \" You okay?\" hensmirked. \" Hey, I amnsneaking you out for the first time. You gotta give me something.\" -- \" Kimber? Are younawake?\" his voice broke through the silence and darkness. \" Hmm?\" \" I'm scared.\" \" Why?\" I moaned.n\"You can sleep with me.\" He maneuverednhimself into my bed and whimpered, \"Kendall and Ted are at itnagain. Ted just threw a lamp at her.\" \" Hey.\" \" What?\" \" Promise me,nyou'll never be like either of them. They are both crazy and ournonly chance of survival is to stick together.\" -- \" Kimberly, stop.\" \" No, no, you letnhim do this to me. What the fuck were you thinking? Your husband,nyour fucking asshole of a husband, hit me and you did nothing! God, Inhave been waiting so long to leave, and you know what? I'm out, younbitch! Now I get why Nick ran out!\" \" I'm so sorrynhoney-\" -- \" Where are youngoing?\" \" Get out of thenway, Alex.\" \" No, I won't.nDon't you remember telling me I'd always get off easy 'causenyou'd be here? You can't fucking leave me Kimber!\" Tears almostnescaped, and I said nothing. \" Please,\" henpleaded. \" Move,\" was allnI had to spare for the boy I had come to think of as a brother. -- Stacy had to carry mento his bed, where these memories haunted me. Those were my last wordsnto both of them, the only ones they heard from me before they werentaken from the planet. I never told my mother I loved her, butninstead yelled at her, calling her a bitch. And I acted as though Indidn't have the time to spare for Alex. I held onto Stacy forndear life, as he was sitting on the couch next to me, stroking mynhair out of my wet cheeks. \"The last thing I-Insaid to-to them, wa-was so mean,\" I sobbed. He had no response andncontinued looking at me sadly. Suddenly, my head cleared, and I knewnwhere I had to go. I sat, wobbling. \"I need to leave.\" \"No, Kimber, stay,nyou need to calm down,\" he tried, but I had already ripped myselfnaway from him. \"I'll see younlater,\" I said softly. -- -- -- I banged loudly on thendoor three times. \"Red Dog! Wake up!\"nI screamed through the wooden barrier. \"I'm coming! I'mncoming, Jesus…\" I heard him moan, and then saw him appear innfront of me, disheveled and confused, his flaming hair in his face. \"Hey, man, let me innreal quick,\" I pleaded. He obliged, and opened the door wider,nretreating back into his home. \"What's up babe?nWhy are you knocking so damn early?\" he asked, turning to face me. \"I was wondering ifnyou could sell me some heroin,\" I questioned, bluntly. He cockednhis red eyebrow at me, but said, \"Yeah, 'course. Hownmuch you need?\" \"Uh,\" I groaned,nstumped. \"Not sure.\" \"Well, why don't wensnort a little real quick, and I'll see how you take it,\" henoffered. I nodded, and henrummaged through some drawers, eventually pulling out a small bag,nfilled with brown powder. He sat down on his couch, and begannordering it into lines. Red Dog had moved outnat fifteen, and was able to pay his rent by selling almost every kindnof drug. Business was always steady, because all of his friendsndesired his products. All I knew was that henwould have heroin, and heroin might give me relief. The way I saw it,nthere was no other option. \"Alright,\" hendrawled, leaning back and patting the cushion next to him. I took thenseat, and stared at him. \"Go ahead,\" hensaid, impatiently, tilting his head towards the coffee table. \"Ladiesnfirst.\" I leaned over thentable, and picked up the small straw next to the lines. I thenninhaled hard, and felt the powder sting my nose. I flipped my headnbackward sniffling, and rubbing my nose. I then sat stunned for anmoment, waiting. Immediately, vomit rosenin my throat. I threw my hand over my mouth and ran to the bathroom,nnot bothering to close the door. Puke poured hard and steady out ofnmy mouth, and I wondered why anyone would want to do this. Finally,nwhen I spit out the last trace of vomit, I leaned back on my knees,nstaring at the ceiling. Red Dog was standing in the doorway, smilingnat me. \"Newbie,\" henmocked. Before I could respond, I was hit with the most amazingnsensation I had ever felt. All of my problems and worries flew away,nand I felt like the most important person in the world. I grinnedndevilishly back at Red Dog. \"How much will fiftynbucks get me?\" I wondered, hoping for a deal. \"For you honey, asnmuch as you'd like.\" I was on top of thenworld, with my new best friend, a little brown powder. -- -- -- With the heroin in mynsystem, and a baggie in my pocket, my head cleared and I knew what Inhad to do. I settled down, and decided that I would not let one morentear fall, for I realized the world held no good, and never to get mynhopes up again. I dazedly walked tonTony's house, planning my speech in my mind. When I knocked on thendoor, I could hear someone run into something from behind the door. Instared up into the sun, letting it burn into my eyes, staining themnwith neon purple streaks. The front door opened, only to revealnTony's bouncing curls and sleepy eyes. \"You look like shit,\"nhe greeted me, allowing me in. I slowly moved into his house, gazingnat all of his furniture in a new light. This would be the last time Insaw it. \"What's up, man?\"nhe asked. \"Just coming over, isnthat okay?\" \"Uh, totally. Is thisnabout… yesterday?\" he said tentatively. \"No, no, 'coursennot,\" I lied. \"So, something came up, and I'm leaving.\" \"Leaving? What, outnof Jay's? That was expected,\" he sighed, throwing himself ontonthe couch. I remained standing. \"I'm getting out ofntown, idiot,\" I stated clearly. His eyes became more alert when Insaid this, and he focused all of his attention upon me. \"You're, you'renleaving Dogtown?\" he questioned, shocked. \"You're kidding.\" When I didn't reply,nhe continued. \"Is this about Jay?n'Cause that's not worth it, man. You know it's not.\" \"It's not aboutnthat at all dude. I just need to leave, so I'm just saying bye,nbecause I'm gonna get out tomorrow.\" \"No, no…\" \"Yes, Tony,\" Ingrowled, becoming irritable. As he opened his mouth to respond, Kathynglided into the room, stroking her flowing hair. \"Oh… hey, Kimber,\"nshe mocked. My hand balled up into a fist, and my jaw locked. Tonynobviously noticed, for he interrupted, \"Let's go out onnthe porch,\" he suggested, venturing out there, with me at hisnheels. We stood in thensunlight, blinking at each other for a few minutes, before he caved. \"You're reallyngoing.\" \"Yes.\" \"I can't believenit. But, I guess I can't stop you, but please, stay for the bignZephyr bash tomorrow night. Your in the magazine too.\" \"I can't.\" \"Yes you can.\" I paused for a moment,ncontemplating this thought. Before I could think up an answer, Kathynstrode outside and onto the porch. Rage pulsed through my veins, andnI stopped thinking. \"Look, Kimber, younwere just too much of a… what's the word… slut, yes that'snit, for Jay. He needs a stable woman,\" she smiled. \"No hardnfeelings, right?\" My fist swung out andnconnected with the underside of her nose, feeling it break underneathnmy force. Blood poured from her nose as she dropped to her knees,ncradling her face. I sprung onto her, knocking her upon her back,nyelling, \"Look bitch! Youndon't know shit about me, and if you think I'm leaving because ofnyou and that fucker, you're flattering yourself. So don't comennear me ever again, got it?\" I thundered, shaking her roughly. \"Kimber, come on,\"nTony said soothingly, prying me off of her. \"Kathy get in thenhouse,\" he directed, and she obeyed his orders. As soon as shenclosed the door, Tony freed me. Where Kathy had fallen, there was anpuddle of dark blood. \"Look, I won't saynanything about that if you stay for the party at least.\" I gazed up at him.n\"Fine, but after that, I'm gone.\" \"Tell me, whatnhappened that makes you wanna leave this place?\" \"Long story. You'llnhear it one day,\" I told him, standing on my toes and pecking himnon the cheek. I then jumped down the wooden stairs, searching for annalley to snort some Heroin in, and relieve myself of the emotions Inwas feeling. While he screamed at me, \"Does this havenanything to do with your sister coming to my house and shrieking atnme?\" -- -- -- Sorry it took forever! Review, tell me whatnyou think, I'm very curious. Hope you liked it. Love, lette.[Chapter 14] So, so, so sorry about the longest wait ever. My computer had been down, so I haven't been able to upload until today! Hopefully, you don't hate me. Also, nothing is mine, Bob Dylan or the Z-boys. -- -- -- The overwhelming sense of relief dope brought me canceled out my pain. The fact that my mother and brother had died was no longer relevant; I couldn't feel while high. The sky was now transforming into a deep shade of purple, and in the west the sun had set, tingeing the horizon with oranges and pinks. I strolled along a sidewalk, attracting many looks, paying no attention to where I was going. It didn't matter. The dilemma of where I would sleep tonight was not important; I could crash in an alley. I ran my fingers over the knuckles that had collided with Kathy's face and grinned slightly. It was comforting to think tomorrow I could leave everything behind and be free, with no ties or commitments. I had severed my friendships with Stacy and Jay, having slept with them, and already informed Tony I was leaving. Everyone on the team might be surprised at my departure, but overall, they would not mind. I was just another girl. The only two that may spare a few minutes to think of me were Sid and Peggy, but they would recover quickly. As this thought passed my mind, I looked up, and noticed I was near Peggy's house. Deciding to cut off my ties to her now, I directed myself toward her front door. I slowly raised my finger, pushing lightly on the doorbell. After a minute, the sound of scuffling occurred behind the door, and Peggy's mother's shiny black hair appeared. \"Oh, hey Kimber. I haven't seen you around in a while,\" she smiled at me, before seeing the red rim framing my eyes. \"Are you okay?\" I vaguely nodded before asking, quieter than I expected, \"Is Peggs home?\" \"Yes, come in,\" she replied, moving to the side to allow my entrance. She closed the door behind me, before yelling, \"Peggy!\" \"What?\" came Peggy's answer, sounding annoyed. \"Kimber's here!\" her mother screeched back, then turned to me and smiled one last time, before she entered her own bedroom. I stood waiting in the living room, taking in how nice and peaceful it all looked. \"Kimber, hey man, what's going on?\" Peggy greeted me, motioning me to follow her. We walked down her tight hallway, and into her small red bedroom. She flung herself onto the bed with a thud. \"How's it been going?\" \"Ah, same shit Kimber. So what's with you? I haven't heard from you in a while… But I heard about what happened with Jay. The piece of shit.\" Something cold and hard hit me like a punch, but I swallowed, not daring to let it out. \"Oh yeah, that,\" I laughed nervously. \"But, I just need a place to crash for the night, if that's cool.\" \"'Course. When isn't it dude?\" I stared down at my feet, and kicked off my shoes. I then climbed into Peggy's small bed, and buried my head into a pillow. \"If you only knew,\" I muttered. \"Huh?\" \"Nothing.\" I pushed off my jeans, and lay there in my underwear. When I set my pants on the floor, I made sure that my baggie was safe and secure in my back pocket. \"Wow, it's only one and you're off to bed?\" she mocked. \"Just sleepy,\" I moaned, closing my eyes. I heard her grunt, before she too got under the covers. The click of her lamp and the darkness that followed told me I wasn't the only one desiring rest. Long after Peggy's gentle snores began, I opened my eyes. I glanced at her face, which was so calm while she slept. She appeared much younger while asleep, but maybe everyone did, because when people sleep, their wall goes down. Then, I snuggled deep into her sheets, and forced my eyes shut. -- -- -- The sun was peeking through a window, burning the blanket I lay under, and making me throw my legs out from under it. There was a hard pulsing in the back of my head, and when I parted my eyelids they ached. I turned onto my side and noticed Peggy was no longer asleep. I flipped myself out of the bed, and pulled on my jeans, feeling the crumple of my bag. My gaze landed upon a clock in her bedroom that read 11:32. My heart raced, and breath got caught in my throat. I had missed the funeral. I ran out of the room, and straight into Peggy. \"Whoa, man, chill. Where are you going?\" \"Peggy, I missed it, I missed it, how the fuck did I do that?\" I stuttered frantically. \"Missed what?\" \"The god damned funeral!\" \"What are you talking about?\" \"My mom, and Alex. Their funeral, the burial's in like thirty minutes though, I can make that…\" \"What? You're mom and Alex?\" \"Yes! We just went over that!\" her face looked shocked, and disbelieving. \"Just let me borrow something black at least, and then I'll be out.\" \"Fine…fine,\" she said tonelessly, going into her room. She emerged seconds later, carrying a long, strapless black dress. I accepted it, and entered the bathroom, across the hall. The dress fell to my feet, and it was satin, hugging my curves perfectly. There was a tiny black bow right below my breasts, but otherwise it was just a normal dress. I slid on my dirty shoes, and stared at my reflection. I shook my hair in front of my face, and picked up my jeans. Taking out the heroin, I arranged a small line, and rolled a piece of paper into a cylinder. When I had finished, my eyes were glassy, but I no longer felt the pain. I gathered up my previous clothes, and exited the bathroom. She was still there, looking at the floor. I passed her in the hallway, but she didn't look up, so I kept moving. -- The weather was mocking the mood of the burial. It was somber, and there were tears pouring from almost every eye. The sun shone brightly, and there was not a cloud in the bright blue sky. I surveyed the proceedings from a safe distance at first, tossing my jeans and shirt into a dried patch of grass. Ted was there, not showing any expression. Nicole was sobbing, along with the rest of the siblings. Surprisingly, Tony, Jay, and Stacy were all present, which intimidated me. Others in the crowd did not mean anything to me. As I began to approach, the heads turned towards me. Some glared at my interruption, others looked on sadly, and still more didn't take in my presence. Tony grinned mournfully at me, dressed in a clean shirt and jeans; Stacy motioned for me to stand with them, his blond hair shining; and Jay stared at me apologetically, his eyes communicating the sorrow he felt for me. Phalaine was nearby, and she shook her head in my direction, as though saying she couldn't believe it. Despite all of these reactions, one face I hadn't seen for years stood out to me. His brown hair was as dirty as it used to be, and his eyes still had a glow to them. I strode straight to his side, admiring my older brother. The little man who was speaking above the two coffins did not matter to me; all of the things he said were meaningless, and I already knew what good people they were. Nick shuffled his feet, and stared ahead, past the man and into the deep blue ocean, which the cemetery overlooked. Suddenly, the short man halted in his speech, and stepped down. The sea of black all began whispering, and comforting each other. \"Nice to see you, sis.\" He hugged me, and I inhaled the old scent of Egyptian musk. \"Look at you, you look great in a dress,\" he sighed, wiping a tear from his cheek. Then, he chuckled, \"You just had to keep the shoes though, huh?\" \"How are you?\" He tossed his head from side to side, and grunted slightly. \"I can't believe the last time I saw mom, I was screaming at her.\" A hard twist occurred in my stomach, and I averted my eyes. \"Wait… Why are your eyes all fucked up? You sick? What the fuck are you on?\" he growled angrily, shaking my face. I ripped myself away, and put on my abused face. \"That's from crying, you asshole,\" I lied easily. At that moment, Tony came up to us. \"Kimber, I'm so sorry. Why didn't you tell me?\" \"Mmhmm…\" I made a noise in my throat, not daring to give a true answer, for I wasn't even sure why I didn't tell him. Nick was still speculating me, and I knew I had to change the subject. \"Tony, you remember Nick, right?\" \"'Course. Hey man, I'm real sorry about this,\" Tony said, shaking Nick's hand. The topic had once again turned to the deaths, and I couldn't think about it. \"I'm gonna take a walk,\" I stated, departing from the burial, and down the barren sidewalk, which lead to the pier. As I walked, I watched the black satin flash back and forth, contrasting my black and white filthy shoes. I admired the ocean, running my hands through my hair, and thinking of all the memories I had in the water: the salty taste and sting of the salt, and the rhythm of the crashing of waves. My first wave was in that ocean, when I was only six. It was Nick who taught me. I hadn't thought about Nick in such a long time, it frightened me to realize he helped form the person I was becoming. I was following in his footsteps, and abandoning my life in Venice. The only comfort I could find in these facts was that I had reasons. I had lost everyone who mattered to me, while Nick still had people who loved him when he left. I gently sat myself down on a patch of grass by the sidewalk, lay down, and gaped at the sky. My mind was blank, and completely at peace. I could only thank Red Dog. \"Hey,\" a gruff voice said. I positioned my head so that I could see who was interrupting my time alone, only to have my eyes connect with topaz ones that I had been avoiding. I didn't say anything, allowing him to continue. Instead he plopped himself beside me, and watched the sky also. Finally, when I could bare it no more, I accused, \"What do you want?\" \"To talk.\" \"Then talk. I'm not listening to your shit.\" \"I've never seen you in a dress like that,\" he said, disregarding my previous statement. \"It's not mine, dillhole.\" \"I'm really sorry about Alex and your mom.\" \"Everyone's saying that. I don't think anyone fucking gets that it does nothing.\" \"You're just pissed off right now,\" he snarled. \"I have so many rights to be.\" He then propped himself up on his elbows and bore down at me. I concentrated on not looking him in the eye. \"You were late,\" he declared. \"No way,\" I said sarcastically. \"You know what? I don't care anymore,\" he bellowed at me, jumping up roughly. Facing his retreating back, I moaned slowly, \"I beat you to that.\" Sitting up, I toyed with the ends of Peggy's dress, which had acquired dirt upon it. I swung myself onto my feet, and gazed down at the ocean, one last time. \"Kimber,\" Tony's voice called, followed by a tight embrace. My arms remained at my side, and I allowed Tony to squeeze me, although I felt no wave of compassion towards him. \"I'm surprised by you,\" he said. \"I thought you'd be taking it harder.\" I nodded, unconcerned. \"I'll see you tonight, right? Because, you can't leave, I've thought about it. Without you, fuck, where would we be?\" Despite the kindness in his words, it merely inspired me to push him further away. -- -- -- Knock, knock, knock. Stacy's front door swung open, with him staring at me puzzled. \"I saw you were at the funeral,\" I stated, gliding over the threshold. \"I called Jay and Tony to tell them. Then I broke up with Kathy. You really fucked her nose up.\" \"Yeah.\" \"Look, Kimber, you can talk to me about this. You know that right?\" he asked sincerely. \"There's nothing to talk about,\" I said, stepping back. He groaned. \"Look, I'm just here to grab my stuff. Then I'll leave,\" I informed him, striding in the direction of his room. \"Tony told me you were thinking about doing something like that,\" Stacy sighed, following me into his room. \"What else has he been telling you?\" I questioned vaguely, my eyes roving over his bed, where only two nights ago, things had seemed as though they could get no more complicated. \"It's not like he's talking about you or anything. I think he's just… worried. I am too. You have to stay, especially after what just happened. I'd never forgive myself if you did something, and I didn't stop it.\" It was then, that I snapped. \"Why is it, Stace, that whenever something happens to me, you think I'll go crazy? Huh? Can you ever stop fucking freaking out that I'm gonna end up in jail, or whoring it up? Or robbing some place? God, the way you talk about me, you'd think I was some psychopath!\" His eyes widened, and his hands shot up, waving my statements away hurriedly. \"No, no, no, it's not like that at all, I just care about you-\" \"Oh!\" I cut him off. \"You care about me,\" I mocked. \"You just want me to stay, that way you can show me off to Jay and Kathy!\" He looked utterly confused. \"Wh-what? Kimber, what the fuck are you talking about?\" My mouth gaped open in frustration. Even I did not know what I was talking about. Sometimes, I could work myself up so violently, I forgot what I was saying, and just began screaming. Instead of answering, I spun around, searching for my bag, which I had left there. It was sitting in a corner of his room, and I raced to it, throwing it over my shoulder, and storming past Stacy. He chased me to the door, which had been left open, and caught my arm. \"Kimber, you're not serious?\" he hoped. I shook my head, tearing my arm from his grip, and once again, shoving away a person who cared about me. -- I was still carrying my bag, when I approached Zephyr. The music was loud enough to hear for miles, and the tiny shop seemed to contain about fifty more people than it's capacity. They were spilling outside, dancing drunkenly, without a care. I had not noticed the darkness that had pressed down upon the town, and gazing at the surf shop, dreaded entering. The only motive I had was that Red Dog was in there, and I had finished my supply after my fight with Stacy. I strode into the sea of people, once again clad in my spider web designed shirt Ted had yelled at me for. That seemed like an eternity ago. I spotted Skip, staggering around, yelling about the magazine, which I had lost interest in. He was dancing, and giving Montoya a copy. But as quickly as I found him, he disappeared. I weaved through many people, eventually lounging against an open space of wall. \"Jayboy!\" a girl voice shrieked. I turned my head to see Tony, Jay, and Stacy running in, basking in the glory. Jay and Stacy admired the magazine, and Tony's arms had found his way around two girls. \"Hey, Skipper, when are we doin' that spread for People magazine? Tuesday?\" he called. \"Yeah, and Stacy's gonna be on Charlie's Angels,\" Skip slurred, as he suddenly appeared. This was new information to me, and I wondered why he had not mentioned it. Stacy blushed, as I watched in awe. Chino was yelling, trying to prove to onlookers that he made the Z-boys who they had become. Jay, who was wearing a black bandana, glared. Then, Chino's beautiful girlfriend said something, obviously angering him. I could not hear over the music, but Chino grabbed her arm roughly, dragging her outside. \"Look who showed,\" Tony greeted from beside me. \"Well, you asked me to,\" I replied, still searching for Red Dog. \"It makes you not wanna leave, huh?\" he grinned. \"Look, I already told you what's happening. Okay?\" His face contorted into one of exasperation, before he spun away from me, and straight into girls desiring autographs. \"Are you Kimber? Kimber Wolffe?\" a green eyed boy asked. I nodded. \"Wow, I just wanted to say you look absolutely gorgeous in these pictures,\" he complimented, holding them out for me to see. In one, I was sitting on the edge of the pool, with my hands behind me, and face turned upward. It was a profile shot, and the sun was shining behind me, making my hair glow. Another, I was halfway bent, smirking at the camera, while simultaneously flipping it off. There were more, but they simply confused me. How could I have been so happy? \"Thanks,\" I sighed, breathlessly. He appeared bored with me, and waved goodbye, leaving me standing alone once again. Then, Kathy, Blanca, and Thunder Monkey pranced in, wearing Indian costumes and holding a cake. They began chanting, \"Halfbreed! That's all we ever heard. Halfbreed! How I learned to hate the word. Z-boys on the cover of Skateboard Magazine!\" They finished, whipping out fake guns and shooting them. The cake was a replica of the cover shot on the magazine, and Kathy was wearing several layers of makeup to hide the bruising I had inflicted. The sight sickened me. A hand reached out, snatching part of the cake and shoving it in his mouth. It was Red Dog. I maneuvered myself to him, tapping him on the back. \"Red Dog! I gotta talk to you!\" I screamed. He climbed down off of the table he was perched on, and I led him to a back room with less people. \"I need some more,\" I stated, not caring to make small talk. \"Already?\" he questioned, amazed. \"Yes, do you have any on you?\" I rushed. \"Oh, yeah, yeah,\" he mumbled, searching in his back pocket. Before he pulled his hand back out of his pocket, he glanced around our surroundings, making sure no one was watching. He passed me the baggie, and mouthed, \"Pay me later, kay?\" I nodded vigorously, though I knew I was scamming him. He wobbly went back into the open area of Zephyr, as I stuffed the bag into my duffel. My mission completed, I walked through the store, and out into the back, where many were smoking, drinking, and dancing. It was no less crowded. Somehow, my eyes managed to find Kathy's braided hair, and Jay nuzzling her neck. Suddenly, my breath was caught in my throat, and I halted. That was almost exactly the way he had been with me, although there was something different, something I couldn't place. I stood there, staring with my mouth wide open, when I noticed Stacy watching from right beside them at the drinks table. He had paused halfway through grabbing a cup, and his eyes flickered from hurt, to anger. It was then I weaved closer, so that I could eavesdrop on the conversation about to ensue. They broke apart, Kathy looking nervous, and Jay bored. \"Hey Stacy,\" she said shyly. An awkward silence passed, before Kathy left the two. She passed me, and we locked eyes briefly, while she whispered, \"Why would you even bother to show?\" \"To see the look on your face when you saw the bitch who fucked your face,\" I snapped. She raised her eyebrows, but continued moving. I returned my attention back to the two blonds, who were eyeing each other up, as though they had never been like brothers to one another. \"What's up bro?\" Jay asked, purposefully trying to annoy Stacy. \"You couldn't even tell me?\" Stacy snarled, taking the bait. \"Dude, I was gonna tell you,\" Jay brushed it off. \"When? You're my friend,\" he said sincerely. \"Dude I know and, I love you bro, but… you couldn't handle her.\" \"And you can?\" \"Apparently so,\" he replied, leaving Stacy alone by the table. For some reason I couldn't explain, I approached Stacy. His back was toward me, so I spoke first. \"Stacy, look, I know I'm not the person you want to see, bu-\" Before I could finish, he whipped around, and for the first time, I witnessed Stacy truly angry. \"So then why are you here?\" he growled. \"Um, well, I was gonna s-say,\" I stuttered, taken off guard. In one swift movement, he grabbed the back of my head, locking our lips in a passionate kiss. He broke off unexpectedly, my mouth still tingling from the contact. \"You don't care about me, Kimber. You're here to show me off to Jay and Kathy,\" he barked, racing away from me, while I stayed there, stunned. My brain finally sent messages to my legs, and I set off, and out of Zephyr. I realized that was it; my run in Venice had ended, and Stacy was just alerting me. To my dismay, I wandered straight to the bench Jay was sitting on. Both of us gazed deeply into each other's eyes, relishing the few seconds we had alone. I noticed the specks of regret in the topaz of his eyes. Chino's girlfriend came striding up to Jay, and I slithered into the shadows, his eyes still watching my every movement, until the moment she leaned down upon him. She set herself on his lap, but I didn't care enough to listen to her words. I continued to gape at Jay before the second came, and I knew I had to leave. With one last look at the sparkling topaz, I slinked away. I didn't know he glanced up, only to receive a sharp pain in his heart, understanding I was really gone. -- I was never a good driver. At the age of fourteen, when I was only learning how to drive, I totaled a car, ramming it into a basketball pole. Ever since then, my confidence was severely damaged, and my driving suffered, causing me to quit, for fear of hurting anyone. As I stared at the orange Chevy Blazer in the driveway, I wondered if it would be safer to walk. I had returned, one last time, to my house to steal the truck. Now, standing there, I didn't think I would be able to follow through. In the back of my mind, it registered that my mother and Alex must have been driving the shabby Toyota when they had died. Not wanting to dwell on that, I clicked open the driver's side door, and threw my bag into the backseat. Slamming the door, and praying that Ted would not wake, I put the truck in reverse. Nicole always left the key in the ignition, and never locked the door. Her carelessness had finally helped me. I backed away from my home, and slowly drove down the street. Attempting to calm my nerves, I rummaged around for music. Upon seeing my favorite Dylan album, I popped it in. It ain't no use to sit and wonder why, babe. Even if you don't know by now. And it ain't no use to sit and wonder why, babe. It'll never do, somehow. When your rooster crows at the break of dawn, Look out your window and, I'll be gone, You're the reason I'm a travelin' on. But don't think twice, it's all right. A lump formed in my throat, and a burning sensation crept into my eyes as I rumbled down the hill by P.O.P. The memories there were too plentiful, and I vividly recalled Jay and I dancing to Elton John. It was peculiar, because I couldn't remember the day after, but at that moment, the minutes on the beach fell into place. It ain't no use in turnin' on your light, babe, The light I never knowed. And it ain't no use in turnin' on your light, babe, I'm on the dark side of the road. But I wish there was something you would do or say, To try and make me change my mind and stay, But we never did too much talkin' anyway. But don't think twice, it's all right. I was shocked by how quickly I approached the city limits, and a damage old sign that read, 'Come back soon!' It ain't no use in callin' out my name, gal. Like you never done before. And it ain't no use in callin' out my name, gal, I can't hear you anymore. I'm a-thinkin' and a-wonderin', walkin' down the road, I once loved a woman, a child I am told, I give her my heart, but she wanted my soul, But don't think twice, it's all right. The instant I exited the town, I felt something leave me. I almost broke down, but took a deep breath and told myself I couldn't cry. There was no purpose, for no one cared. I vowed to find Hazel, whom couldn't have gotten far, and start a new life; maybe even start going by Azure. I would create a new person, and leave behind this broken girl I had become. So long, honeybee. Where I'm bound, I can't tell. Goodbye is too good a word, babe. So I'll just say, fare thee well. I ain't sayin' you treated me unkind, You could have done better but I don't mind. You just kinda wasted my precious time. But don't think twice, it's all right. I kept driving long past midnight, until I felt I had gotten far enough. I pulled into an empty parking lot, and carefully parked the Blazer. Killing the engine, I locked the doors and climbed into the back. I prepared a small line for myself, and after I had snorted it, I sprawled out in the back, using my duffel for a pillow. -- -- -- It doesn't end like that or anything, I've still got a lot to go! Thanks to my three faithful readers, or the three that continually review, xxkpxx, Dawnie-7, and madelineex3! Next chapter will hopefully not take forever, because I was just stressed, and my dumbass computer sucks![Chapter 15] I had traveled from Venice, to Moss Beach, through Montara, out of Pacifica, and had finally reached Southern San Francisco. I reasoned that Hazel, or people who would know her, would reside there. It had taken two weeks to make it, and what I did to get there would not be looked on with pride. After I left that first parking lot, I realized just how far I had to go, and how expensive gas was. Whenever possible, I would only go to the gas stations where I could manually rewind the price. For food, I would scope out a diner that appeared friendly, and play upon the little bit of good nature humanity possessed. But, the one time I had run out of money, and needed a fix, I sunk to the level of selling sex for dope money. It was not intentional, and happened on accident. The night this occurred, I could not sleep. It was the night I lost all my dignity, and every detail was burned into my mind. It was the Monday of the second week, and I had pulled into a parking lot next to a bar called 'Mohawk.' I sat on a stool, staring fixated at the wooden bar. \"This seat taken?\" a rough voice asked. I slowly turned to look at him. He had dark hair, and dark eyes. His hair was shorter than most of the guys I had known, but still attractive. He had broad shoulders, and tan skin. I smiled the first smile in days, it feeling fake and foreign upon my lips. He took this as a yes, and I examined his movements. He seemed confident, and like he had hit on several girls in bars before. This unsettled me, and the thought of him being older, much older, occurred to me. \"You gonna buy me a drink?\" I asked, my voice hoarse from not talking in so long. He chuckled, and eyed me up. I reasoned he was probably trying to guess my exact age, which always had been a problem, for I appeared older. Without removing his gaze, he called, his voice rich in a Boston accent, \"Bartender, two shots of tequila.\" \"What are you doing on the West Coast?\" I questioned, raising an eyebrow. He paused, before saying, \"My job involves me traveling. You probably know about this skateboarding phenomenon, right?\" As he said this, the bartender placed two shots, filled to the brim with tequila, in front of us. I took this opportunity to take it, not wanting to respond. He smirked when I didn't flinch. \"Go on.\" \"Anyways, I write for this magazine, and am supposed to publish an article on them. So I'm headed to this 'Venice Beach' or whatever, where it's supposed to have become a really big thing.\" \"Are you looking for a certain team?\" \"Uh, not a team, moreso some key skaters, or whatever the fuck they're called. I really don't wanna interview some punkass kids.\" \"I wouldn't either.\" \"And what brings you here?\" \"I grew up… well, I'm originally from here,\" I lied. \"Never left?\" \"Sort of.\" Somehow, our conversation continued on with meaningless flirts, and I became more entranced with his accent by the second. After our fourth shot, things were starting to spin, and I was beginning to open up. I caught myself laughing at his comments, and he was now more openly admiring my lips. We would touch each other like we had known each other our whole lives, but had yet to kiss. I learned he grew up in a very Jewish home in Boston, but still could not get an exact age. It didn't matter much to me though. I made up some ridiculous tale about how I grew up in San Francisco, and loved it too much to leave. Somewhere after the sixth shot, we both halted. \"What?\" I questioned, a smirk on my lips. \"I just realized I don't even know your name,\" he stated, gazing at me. \"Kimber,\" I told him, not bothering to lie. \"Yours?\" \"Eli,\" he smiled. \"You wanna get out of here?\" I asked coyly. He chuckled, and threw some money on the bar, waving to the bartender, who nodded. We strolled out of the bar, clumsily, and to his car. I had no idea what it was, but even in the moonlight, it was sleek and shiny. He unlocked it, and I jumped in the passenger seat. The second he got in the car, a fire erupted in both of us. I don't know if it was because of the lack of human contact, or my drunken foolishness, but I wanted him badly. It was passionate, and insanely rough. For some reason, I found this sexy. When he took off his shirt, I realized I would go crazy over a guy with nice arms. A little over an hour later, we lay in the backseat of the car, with his arms around me. \"Come with me to Venice,\" he stated, staring at me. \"Then after that, you can come back to Boston with me, and I can quit, and we can just travel. Wouldn't that be nice?\" I laughed, \"Eli, you don't even know me.\" \"I could get to know you,\" he countered, pecking me on the lips. \"I can't,\" I sighed, and began moving to put on my clothes. I had slid on my underwear and fastened my bra when he said, \"Why?\" \"I have a life, and as of now, no money.\" He looked at me sympathetically. \"So that's a no?\" \"That's a no.\" We dressed in silence. When we had finished, I turned my face to him, and kissed him gently. \"Here,\" he gasped, handing me a wad of money. \"What's this for?\" \"Well, you said you're broke, so I figured you'd need a little something.\" My eyes widened as I flipped through it. He had handed me 700 dollars. -- -- In retrospect, he might not have been paying me for the sex, but that's what I saw it as. That night, I hit up a Dope shop with some of the money. The next morning, I headed further into San Francisco. After three days of no Hazel, I began to think I had missed her. I was only spending my money on alcohol, weed, and heroin, but was forgetting to eat. Finally, I stopped being so selective with my cash, and entered a small diner one night. I sat down at a booth by myself, and ordered a sandwich. The waitress looked annoyed with me, as though I had caused her harm by sitting down. When she left, my head swarmed with thoughts of Jay, Tony, Kathy, Stacy, Peggy, Alex, my mother, Sid, and Eli. All of their faces were fresh and painful in my mind. I ran my hands through my dirty hair, and glanced in the window. It was dark outside, so I could see my reflection. My hair was greasy and hung around my face. My eyes seemed bigger, as though they were half of my face, and I barely noticed anything else about me. I disgusted myself. While I was gazing at the window, a face I couldn't distinguish popped up against the glass, making me jump. As quickly as it came, the person left the window, and entered the diner. It was a young boy, with sun streaked brown hair, and bright green eyes. He hit my table as he passed, and slid into the booth opposite me. I raised my eyebrows at his confidence. \"Yes?\" \"Sorry I scared you,\" he smirked, leaning back in the booth. At that moment, the young and blond waitress, whom was so annoyed with me, sidled up to the table, throwing down my plate, and smiling at the boy. \"Can I get you anything?\" she asked flirtatiously. \"Nah I'm good,\" he replied, glancing at her, and looking back at me. She rolled her eyes, and stomped away. I immediately shoved the sandwich into my mouth, chewing loudly. \"What do you want?\" I said, the food still in my mouth. \"Your name.\" \"Kimber,\" I told him. I inwardly cursed myself at that moment, and stuttered out, \"I-I mean… Azure.\" \"What?\" \"Azure.\" \"No shit, my friend knows an Azure.\" \"Really?\" \"Yep,\" he grinned, leaning towards me. \"My name is Alex.\" I nearly choked. My eyes began to water, and my face became red, as I forced the enormous bite I so regretted down my throat. When I finished, I gasped for air. He stared at me, clearly amused. \"What? My name makes you choke up?\" he slurred. It was then I realized he had been drinking, for I caught a waft of whiskey. \"No, I just can't handle how much you reek,\" I snapped. His eyebrows furrowed. Just then, the diner door opened again. A group of people danced inside, and approached Alex. \"Hey, we wondered where you went,\" a pretty red haired girl said, sliding in next to him, and pecking him on the cheek. \"Yeah man. We thought you'd been arrested,\" a raven-haired boy laughed. \"We hoped,\" a blue-eyed boy, who was slouching, and had a mean face, snickered. \"Azure?\" a tinkling voice asked. I couldn't see the source, until she pushed aside the two boys. Her grey eyes were dancing in the light, and my heart skipped a beat. \"Hazel?\" \"I knew you would find me,\" she said, smiling at me, and gracefully sitting down next to me. Her frail body barely made an impact upon the hard plastic of the booth. \"This is Opal,\" she indicated the red haired girl, who was grinning at me. \"Ryvre,\" she chimed, pointing at the black haired boy, who waved devilishly at me. \"Dylan,\" the hard looking guy tilted his head upward at me. \"And you've met Alex.\" \"Everyone, this is Azure. I've told you about her.\" Dylan sat on the opposite booth, and Ryvre slid in next to Hazel, stretching his arm around her. \"Where have you been?\" she questioned. \"Around,\" I sighed, glad to have finally found a familiar face. \"I knew someone would find you. You like her, right Alex?\" \"'Course.\" \"You better not have been flirting with her,\" Opal growled. \"I wasn't babe.\" The blond waitress strode up to the table once again, and handed the check to me. Ryvre intercepted it, and gave the waitress ten dollars, winking at her. Everyone slowly stood, and Hazel tugged lightly on my arm. We walked outside, into the crisp and cold air, to a Volkswagen van. \"Oh, my cars over there,\" I informed them. Hazel glanced at Dylan, and sweetly said, \"Will you drive her? I have to tell Alex where to go.\" I noticed as she said this, that Ryvre's arm slinked around her tiny waist, and wondered what they were to each other. Dylan looked at me, his icy blue eyes sizing me up, and responded, \"Sure. To the park?\" \"Yes.\" Hazel then freed herself from Ryvre, and whispered in my ear, \"Dylan's a little rough, but you'll love him.\" She then backed away, and disappeared into the van. The van spun out of the lot, with the Beatles blasting. I led Dylan to my truck, and he hopped in the drivers seat. I slid in the passenger seat, and rested my head. I was fed, had found Hazel, and would scope out a Dope shop later. It had been a successful night. He started the engine, and 'Corrina, Corrina' immediately began playing. Corrina, Corrina, Gal, where you been so long? Corrina, Corrina, Gal, where you been so long? I been worr'in' 'bout you, baby, Baby, please come home. I got a bird that whistles, I got a bird that sings. I got a bird that whistles, I got a bird that sings. But I ain' a-got Corrina, Life don't mean a thing. Corrina, Corrina, Gal, you're on my mind. Corrina, Corrina, Gal, you're on my mind. I'mma sittin down thinkin of you, baby, I just can't keep from crying. We drove in silence for a while, and I wondered if he was tired, or just didn't want to talk. \"So…\" I tried. \"Where are you from?\" \"New York,\" he grunted. \"I've never been there.\" A moment passed, then he said, \"I was named after Bob Dylan.\" I nodded. Suddenly, he chuckled. \"Ah, we've got a copper on our ass. They've got a record on me a mile long. Those bastards.\" It was the first time I saw him smile, but it didn't reach his eyes. It occurred to me how odd it was that the people in the car and Dylan were close. They appeared so very different. I absorbed his clothes. He was wearing a worn leather jacket, and jeans. The others had worn clothes embedded with flowers and peace signs. \"Where are you from?\" he asked, taking his attention off of the cop that had turned. \"Venice.\" \"How'd you meet Hazel?\" \"In a bar… Lemme ask you a question.\" I stated, tucking my legs underneath my body, and turning to face him. \"What's going on between everyone? Are Opal and Alex together?\" \"Yeah, they've been together for a while now.\" \"And Ryvre and Hazel?\" \"They're in love, not together.\" \"Huh?\" I wondered, confused. \"They can leave at any time, but choose to not label their relationship. It's weird, but you'll catch on.\" \"And you?\" He grinned. \"I don't believe in relationships.\" A second passed, and then, \"What about yourself?\" \"I believe in fucking.\" He laughed. \"What's your poison?\" \"Dope.\" \"Damn, bitch. That's some serious shit.\" \"Do you know where a shop is? I'm out,\" I said hurriedly, hoping he wouldn't label me a junkie. He turned to me and nodded. \"Yours?\" I asked him. \"The same.\" \"Then why'd you tell me it's serious?\" \"Because it is. Are you shooting?\" \"Nah,\" I replied. \"Are you?\" He didn't respond, and I took it as a yes. I had never injected heroin, and had no desire to. Needles had always been a fear of mine. \"Your lucky, because I have some at the place, so you can use it,\" he offered. I grinned broadly. \"Thanks.\" He set his stare on the road once again, but I couldn't stop talking. \"How much farther?\" \"Not long.\" \"How old are you?\" \"Twenty-one.\" \"Do you have siblings?\" \"Do you shut up?\" \"Sorry,\" I apologized. I was a nervous, and overly excited wreck. We reached the park, and drove around it, to what seemed to be an abandoned neighborhood. We swerved down one street, and at the end of it was a house. On the outside hung a peace sign, and it was a mess. He stopped the car in front of it, and grabbed my duffel from the backseat. I followed him down the sidewalk and into the beaten down commune. -- Months passed, and I had become a member of the family. They accepted me. I fit in well with Hazel and Opal, and Ryvre and Alex loved me. I figured out their relationships, and appreciated them, for their lack of fighting. The house always reeked of pot, and I was surprised we hadn't been arrested. Many people came in and out of the house, and I always enjoyed their company. There was no responsibility, or call to do anything. They were the most peaceful months of my life. Dylan was in and out of the house. When I first arrived, he had taken off for three weeks. Then, he returned for a month, and left again. On this certain day, he was at the house. I awoke to find a shirtless boy in my bed, his light brown hair messy. I climbed out of the sheets, and slid into my sweatpants and a shirt lying on the ground. I wandered into the kitchen, where Opal and Hazel were sitting, smoking a bowl. \"Who was the lucky guy last night?\" Opal greeted me. \"Don't remember his name,\" I grinned, taking a hit. \"Tell her,\" Hazel urged Opal. \"Dylan's back,\" she gave in. I blew out a stream of smoke. \"So?\" I choked. \"We're all going out for his return,\" Hazel informed me, standing up and moving to record player. The boy who was sleeping in my bed suddenly darted from the room, and out the door. \"I didn't pick up a good vibe from him,\" Hazel said to no one in particular, as Janis Joplin's cover of A Woman Left Lonely began to play. A woman left lonely will soon grow tired of waiting, She'll do crazy things, yeah, on lonely occasions. A simple conversation for the new men now and again, Makes a touchy situation when a good face come into your head. And when she gets lonely, she's thinking 'bout her man, She knows he's taking her for granted, yeah yeah, Honey, she doesn't understand, no, no, no! Ryvre and Alex entered the kitchen, accompanied by Dylan. I sat myself down on the floor and leaned my head back, adoring Janis' raspy voice. Well, the fevers of the night, they burn an unloved woman, Yeah, those red-hot flames try to push old love aside. A woman left lonely, she's the victim of her man, yes she is. When he can't keep up his own way, good Lord, She's got to do the best that she can, yeah! A woman left lonely, Lord, that lonely girl, Lord, Lord, Lord! As the song drifted off, I positioned myself upon my feet, and walked to the room I slept in. Clothes were strewn about the floor, and I could not decipher which were mine, and which weren't. As I was standing there, three knocks resounded in the room. \"Can I come in?\" Dylan asked, leaning on the doorway. \"Yeah, sure.\" While he was walking in, he said slyly, \"Now I know where I knew you from.\" He then plopped himself on the bed, crossing his legs. \"Huh?\" I wondered. \"You were in skateboard magazine a while back, right?\" he growled, his blue eyes glinting. I turned my face to the ground, and didn't answer. \"I knew it!\" he cheered, triumphantly. \"Those were hot pictures, babe.\" \"Ah, fuck that.\" -- Hours later, our small group had grown sufficiently, and we were heading down the sidewalk to our favorite club. It was a colorful, psychedelic place, which consistently played good music. Also, they had never carded me, a fact I prided myself on, for I was only sixteen. Dylan had scored some Heroin, and before leaving he had shot up, and let me do a line. Happily high, I pranced into the club, and allowed many guys to dance with me. After a few beers and four shots, I was a little drunk, and when Girl came on, I squealed. Opal slid her arms around my waist, and we began dancing very rambunctiously, which was rare, and didn't fit with the songs pace. Dylan came out of nowhere, and smiled, \"Do you mind if I steal her for a second?\" The dopey smile on his face told me he was as tipsy as I. \"Not at all,\" Opal slurred. He took me by the hands, and wrapped them around his neck, as his own arms snaked around my waist. Is there anybody going to listen to my story, About the girl who came to stay? She's the kind of girl you want so much, It makes you sorry, Still you don't regret a single day. A girl. Girl. Girl. \"I don't understand you at all. Who are you, Azure?\" he slowly said, leaning his forehead against my own. \"I'm no one,\" I ginned. \"Who are you Dylan? I don't even know your last name.\" \"I don't either,\" he smirked. When I think of all the times I've tried so hard to leave her, She will turn to me and start to cry. And she promises the earth to me, And I believe her. After all this time, I don't know why. A girl. Girl. Girl. \"Maybe it's best we don't know each other,\" I purred. \"You wouldn't like the real me.\" \"I could say the same. She's the kind of girl who puts you down, When friends are there, You feel like a fool. When you say she's looking good, She acts as if it's understood. She's cool, cool, cool, cool. A girl. Girl. Girl. I stroked his brown hair, and gazed into his icy eyes. They so reminded me of miniscule glaciers floating, with a black hole in the middle. The bottom half of his face was moving closer to mine, and before I knew it, his soft lips were touching mine, and I was enjoying it. Was she told when she was young that pain would lead to pleasure? Did she understand it when they said, That a man must break his back to earn his day of leisure? Will she still believe it when he's dead? A girl. Girl. Girl. We broke apart, and the song ended. We remained standing there, staring into each other's eyes, until I grabbed his hand, and led him out of the club, and back to the commune. -- When I awoke the next morning, I felt an extreme instance of déjà vu. Toned arms were wrapped around my naked body as golden sunlight poured into the messy room. I immediately thought I was dreaming, and I would spin around to see Jay's sleeping face. Then, all the painful thoughts surged back, and I pushed them to the back of my mind as I climbed out of bed. Sliding on a floor length skirt and tank top, I glanced at Dylan, and couldn't believe I might have been falling for some one, yet again. -- -- -- Sorry this one is so short, and took so long! But with school and everything, I've been hard pressed to find time to write. Review, pretty please! -lette.[Chapter 16] Dawnie-7, Pacifica is close to my heart too! My mother was from there, so I spent some childhood years there. Anyways, thanks for the reviews, I know I say it every time, but they really just make my life. By the way, down in this chapter is NOT the bar fight scene from the movie. This one is different. -- -- -- There is that great urban myth that suicide rates increase over the holidays. In reality, they decrease. Christmas time was approaching alarmingly fast, and I found myself severely depressed. I was snorting more dope each day, and Dylan was beginning to pick up on my distant persona. I had never known a person like Dylan. He never wanted to speak about his past, yet was always trying to get me to talk about my own. He had been abandoned his whole life, and clung to me with surprising force. If I so much as went off with Hazel for a few days, he would do everything in his power to get in touch with me. He was intense and passionate, and always had weed, heroin, or mushrooms on him. I had never noticed, but he had tattoos on his forearms, wrists, and one stretching down his back. They all stood for something I soon found out; each possessed it's own depressing story. He had no family, wasn't sure what his name really was, and always looked upon everyone in a cynical matter. We enjoyed being cynics together. We began spending every second together, and he was very possessive of me. We could get into raging arguments about the fact that I wouldn't let him know the 'real me' and somehow, end up having crazy sex afterwards. The day of Christmas Eve, a group of us had all gone camping. I awoke in the bright sunlight to a chilly day, with wet dew soaking through my dress. Dylan was right next to me, shivering. I examined the intricate design on his upper arm, which I had discovered symbolized his friend who had committed suicide by overdosing. Crawling out from under his grasp and out into the brisk morning light, I blinked several times. Wasn't it supposed to be a 'white Christmas?' I had never seen one. The wooded area we had slept in stretched around a small beautiful pond that we had swam in the previous night. Bending down and throwing on Dylan's long black jacket and my scarf, I set off on a walk around the pond. All I could think about was my gate shot I had yet to retrieve. My head pounded from last night, and my feet were freezing. Glancing back at the area where we had fallen asleep I saw Opal and Alex lying in a huddle, while Ryvre and Hazel had snuck off into the woods. Dylan's eyes were open, and he was watching me, watching him, from across the pond that glinted with the golden color of the sunlight. He stood up, put on his leather jacket, and walked to the edge of the pond, across from me. We stared at each other for a long time, until Opal woke up, and the moment was tarnished. I made my way back to them, and we decided to go to the commune and rest. -- -- When our van pulled up to the commune, there was a wreath hanging upon the door that someone had weaved. \"What, another admirer of Hazel's?\" Opal joked, fingering the red bow upon it. \"Well, if it is, they should know I'm a theist,\" Hazel replied simply. We strode inside, and I went straight to the bed in the front room, which was just a lot of pillows in a pile, and set myself down. Immediately, I noticed my heavenly pillow. I bent over and inhaled deeply: sandalwood. \" And?\" \" I got your shit. It's all your clothes, and your favorite feather pillow.\" \"Azure,\" Dylan's rough voice entered my uncharacteristic flashback. My eyes shot open, and my head flew away from the pillow. \"What?\" He gently took my hand and led me to our room. He began to prepare himself a shot of dope, and threw me the bag so I could snort some. I lifted it up to eyesight, and looked at Dylan. \"How different is it?\" I asked. \"What, sleeping on heroin? It's nice, but sorta pointless,\" he laughed. \"No, no… I mean, shooting than snorting.\" He paused, and scrutinized me. \"Azure, this isn't a fucking joke.\" \"Is it amazing?\" \"Look-\" \"Is it worth it?\" \"Why do you get like this? I don't want you rashly deciding to do this! Jesus, I wish you would stop being so fucking curious! It makes me feel weird even shooting up in front of you!\" he yelled. \"You can't talk to me about that, you fucking hypocrite! If I wanna shoot up, I'm gonna shoot up!\" I screamed back. \"You don't understand!\" \"Really? I don't understand? You can go to hell!\" I was grumpy from the long drive home, and lack of heroin in my system. \"Real mature, real mature,\" he mumbled, inserting the heroin into a syringe. I watched in awe as he did this, and he noticed. Not bothering to tell me to look away, as he normally did, he pulled up his jacket sleeve, tied a shoestring above the bend of his elbow, and pushed the needle into the clearly visible vein. A small dot of blood appeared as his eyes rolled in satisfaction. Removing the needle and the shoestring, he wiped off the blood without realizing it was even there. He admired me with loving eyes, and I craved to know what the experience was like. Gliding over to me, he wrapped his arms around my lower back and kissed me. \"I don't wanna fight,\" he murmured into my neck. I shoved him away. \"Well, I don't either. But you can't pretend like it'll never happen,\" I snarled, exiting the room. Storming through the place and out the front door, I thundered down the sidewalk, not sure where I was going. I heard Dylan chasing after me, which forced me to start sprinting. \"Azure, Azure! Wait!\" he yelled from behind me. The cold was whipping my hair around my face and stinging every inch of my skin. I cut through many alleys, and dove down different streets, until I came upon a bar with neon signs. I slowed my pace, and stared into the window. It seemed as though the people inside were ones who despised the movement I was with. They were the ones who wore all black, and hated peace and love. It was not the bar I should have entered, but decided to push the door open and head to the bar. The bartender glared at me. \"What the fuck you doing in here, flower child?\" \"I just need a drink.\" \"We don't serve hippie freaks.\" \"Man, I would never say something like that about you,\" I stated, not really knowing how to respond. He rolled his eyes, and turned away from me. I didn't recognize the music at all; I could only decipher screaming. I remained where I was standing, examining all the fast movements and mohawks. For the first time in several months, I felt awkward. I became very aware of my hands hanging lamely at my sides. I was receiving very odd looks, and a lot of middle fingers. \"Hey, beatnik, what you doing here?\" a raspy voice hissed in my ear. I slowly turned around and saw an enormous man with a shaved head two inches from my face. It sent chills down my spine that he was so close to me. I averted my eyes from him, and locked them on a television in the corner of the bar. Without really watching, I stared. Then, familiar pictures began to register in my head. Moving closer, I realized it was the news report, and P.O.P. was being reported on. Listening carefully, I strained to hear what the newscaster was saying. \"Last night, Pacific Ocean Pier Park burned to the ground. This is one of many fires of the park that have occurred since it's opening in 1967. In other news-\" I couldn't hear anything. I couldn't think. This was too much. The photographs that had been shown were of the pier lying in ruins and ashes. My body froze. Somebody shoved me, and I tripped and fell to the cold floor. I wanted to lie there forever; P.O.P. was gone, and was nothing but a memory. Tony, Jay, Stacy, and I would never walk that pier again. A hot tear leaked out of my eye and hit the stone floor. Suddenly, a sharp kick to my ribcage jolted me out of my thoughts. I lost my breath, and rolled over to my back, gasping for air, and trying not to focus on the pangs in my side. \"Get the hell away from her,\" I heard Dylan hiss. \"What you gonna do, huh?\" I then picked myself up, only to see Dylan tackle the huge bald man, and begin punching him fiercely. Blood ran down the strangers face, and covered Dylan's fists. \"Stop! Stop!\" I shrieked, trying to pull Dylan off. The shaven man's friends pushed me back to the floor, and were more successful in ripping Dylan away. They then proceeded to forcibly remove him from the bar and out into the streets, where they then threw him to the ground and started kicking him in the face, stomach, and sides. I followed, and started panicking. They would kill him. \"No! No, please stop! Fuck, stop it!\" I screeched. I leaped through a gap between the three men, and hovered over Dylan's limp body. The blows were now hitting me. I hoped I would die, and allow this pain to be over with; I could not stand it. My eyes fluttered open and close, between consciousness and unconsciousness. My breath was coming out in short breaths, but I could feel Dylan stirring underneath me. I felt my body hit the pavement, and witnessed Dylan's blurry image stand up, and whip out a blade. It was long, and glinted in the light of the neon signs. The three men retreated, swearing and yelling at us. His strong arms slid under my back and legs, and hoisted me close to his chest. I knew we were moving, but did not have the willpower to open my eyes. It seemed like seconds later when he laid my down in a soft patch of grass. I then opened my eyes wide, and took in his wounds. His beautiful face was smeared with blood, and his nose seemed to have been broken again. His lower lip was busted, and his shirt was ripped in several spots. \"Azure, I need to take you somewhere. You look bad,\" he told me softly, touching my cheek, which immediately stung. \"No, no, Dylan, I am so sorry,\" I choked out. \"If I wasn't so god damned stupid, you wouldn't be hurt!\" He grinned, but it did not reach his eyes. \"I've seen people bleed to death. Don't think I don't know my injuries aren't as severe.\" I let this fact soak in as I looked at him sympathetically. -- After our conversation, Dylan and I had walked home in the setting sun, saying nothing. When we returned to the house, everyone began to fuss over us. Hazel and Opal tried to clean our wounds, while Ryvre and Alex convinced us to smoke three bowls for the pain. Dylan and I didn't speak much, but allowed them to do whatever they felt necessary. Finally, we entered our room and collapsed on the bed. His arms were wrapped around my bruised body. After a while, I spoke. \"I'm so sorry.\" \"I'm sorry I let you run away.\" \"That's not your fault.\" He paused. \"Why were you on the floor?\" \"I fell.\" \"It didn't have anything to do with whatever you were watching?\" he asked. \"How-how did you know that?\" \"I saw you.\" \"Well, the news always freaks me out,\" I lied. \"Stop making things up,\" he growled, his eyes bright with fire. \"It was about the fire, right?\" I blinked, which he took as a yes. \"Why was that important to you?\" I sighed, and waited. \"I learned how to surf there,\" I mumbled quickly. He nodded, and stopped questioning me. \"Wh-who did you see… die?\" I stuttered. He didn't respond. \"Get some sleep, Azure.\" \"I'm sorry,\" I whispered. His face had moved closer to mine, when he quietly said, \"I love you,\" and shut his sparkling eyes. My chest clenched up, and heart began to race. Love was such a strong word, one I had never used. -- The next morning, my entire body ached. Dylan was no longer in the bed with me. I tried to sit up, but a gasp escaped my lips and the pain was too intense. Turning my head to the side, I noticed a card with three mermaids on the front. I picked it up, and stared at the beautiful sketch. Two of the mermaids were propped on rocks, ahead of the third, which they were staring at, obscuring their faces from view; both had long dark hair. The third mermaid they were looking at had long brown hair also, and my facial features. Her body was even the same shape as mine. He had drawn me. Flipping it over, I saw Dylan's untidy scrawl: \" To be alone with you, Just you and me, Now won't you tell me true, Ain't that the way it oughta be? To hold each other tight. The whole night through, Ev'rything is always right, When I'm alone with you. To be alone with you, At the close of the day, With only you in view, While evening slips away, It only goes to show, That while life's pleasures be few, The only one I know, Is when I'm alone with you. They say that nighttime is the right time. To be with the one you love, Too many thoughts get in the way in the day. But you're always what I'm thinkin' of. I wish the night were here, Bringin' me all of your charms, When only you are near, To hold me in your arms. I'll always thank the Lord, When my working day's through, I get my sweet reward. To be alone with you.\" Azure, I don't have the talent to actually write this piece of art, but I hope you can appreciate it. Your eyes are capable of melting my heart away, and I could play with your long hair all day. Please, don't ever leave me. I love you, Dylan. Glancing up from the card, I saw the rose lying on the pillow also. I took it gently, and inhaled the sweet smell of a rose. Shutting my eyes, I decided I would never remark on the card, for I would not know what to say. -- I awoke very late that day, and remembered it was Christmas. Loud noises were echoing into the room I slept in from the front room, and I forced myself to wander outside. I saw a gathering of people, all obviously tripping. Dylan was not among them. Going into the kitchen, I caught a glimpse of him, bruised and cut up, speaking with Alex in hushed voices. A lump formed in my throat, and I ran back to my room, grabbed a jacket, and pulled the hood over my face. As quietly as possible, I opened the front door, and headed out into the cold night. Everything hurt, and with every step, a sharp pang was sent through my body. I was walking for a long time, until I found the area we had been beaten last night. Staring at the spot on the cement, I could almost feel the kicks to my side again. Glancing up, I caught my reflection. It looked terrible; I had a black eye, large gashes on my cheeks, and my lip was busted. Not being able to look at myself any longer, I leaned against a wall and pulled a cigarette out from the coat. After I lit it, my nerves began to calm. Suddenly, there was a loud crash, and the window of the bar shattered, as men poured through, engaged in a vicious battle. From the left ran some younger guys, about my age, who joined in the fight. It disgusted me, but I couldn't tear my eyes away. The band was still playing, loving every second of it. Then, a boy with dirty blond hair crawled out of the crowd and to the sidewalk I was watching from. He was wearing a black bandana, and looked as though he had been shaken up. \"Man, this is why war is a hideous business,\" I moaned, not really caring if he listened or not. \"You don't know shit, hippie,\" he grunted, standing up and facing me. \"What the fuck happened to your face?\" \"Some of these guys decided it would be fun to bash it in,\" I told him, still not looking at him. He was silent for a while, and I thought it would be safe to take a look at him. My heart skipped a beat, and my breath got caught somewhere in my throat. It was Jay: the dirty blond hair, the olive skin, and those topaz eyes. \"Jay?\" I exclaimed. He speculated me for a moment, and then gasped in shock. \"Kimber?\" I nodded once, slowly. \"What happened? Are you alright?\" \"I already told you what happened. What are you doing here?\" He chose not to answer. \"Did you hear about the pier?\" \"Yeah,\" I sighed. He shifted his weight uncomfortably. \"Sid's got brain cancer. A tumor. The doctors are gonna operate soon.\" He said gruffly, not looking me in the eye. \"No…\" I groaned. \"You're serious?\" \"Yeah.\" We stood there silently. \"How's Tony? And Stacy?\" I said, changing the subject. \"Famous.\" \"And Kathy?\" I asked. He didn't seem amused. \"We're still together.\" \"Haven't cheated on her with a skanky whore yet, huh?\" I snapped. He stared at his feet. \"I hear you're a junkie,\" he countered. It was my turn to look at the sidewalk. But then, I regained my dignity, and picked my head up. \"Well, it was nice seeing you.\" I said. He looked startled, as though he didn't expect me to leave so soon. \"Where are you going?\" \"Dylan will be worried if I'm gone too long, especially after last night.\" \"Who?\" He questioned. \"Dylan. My boyfriend. I'd invite you to meet him, but I don't want to,\" I growled. \"Merry Christmas,\" I then said, my voice dripping with sarcasm. Spinning around and throwing my cigarette butt down, I allowed the tears to fall silently and freely. A ghost from my past reappearing, only to bring horrible news about Sid, and to inform me I was still madly in love with him. As I walked away from Jay that night, I would never know he came looking for me. After all, Dylan had been perfect to me; there was no reason to give Jay a second thought. -- Sorry this was short, I wanted to get it up around this time of year! Review please!!! -lette.[Chapter 17] Hello again! If I even still have any readers, I wouldn't blame you for not coming back to read this chapter. I'm incredibly sorry it took about a YEAR to write again. Let me explain: I had this journal I wrote the next two chapters in and I had lost it. I'm so lazy I actually waited around for it to show up again, instead of rewriting the chapters. So I finally came upon the ambition to just rewrite them. I needed a couple lines. That's all I could think about after my run in with Jay. I strode down the darkened streets alone, until I reached the house. Pausing to wipe my tears before I entered, I inhaled deeply. I wanted my mother; all I had was dope. As I walked into the house, I tried not to think about Sid. Sid, the boy with the most sincere heart I would ever know. He didn't deserve this. Out of the group of friends, I deserved to have a deadly disease. I shut the bedroom door behind me, and crawled under the blankets of Dylan's bed. I missed my old friends. I missed Peggy, with her soft eyes and nice smile; I missed Skip and his drunken swagger; I missed Tony's wild expressions and bouncy curls; I missed Stacy's honesty and pure heart. I missed Jay. I could almost smell the salty air of the pier and feel the hot sand beneath my feet. I could see the blue hues of the ocean, and hear the peaceful crashing of the waves. Then I remembered that the pier had burned down. Everything I used to know had been ripped apart. I had pushed my friends away, lost my mother and brother, and the only place I had called home had burned down. I heard the creak of the door, and shut my eyes quickly. \"Azure,\" Dylan's rough voice said. I felt him join me on the bed. His hand grazed my cheek. \"Goodnight,\" he whispered, kissing my forehead and putting his arms around me. I was revolted. I wished he wouldn't kiss me, and treat me like I mattered. I was more revolted with myself though. Dylan had been great to me, and all I wanted was Jay. I lay in that bed for three days following. I didn't have the energy to move. I could hear everyone in the house, and their conversations. Hazel would bring me bowls to smoke in bed, and Dylan prepared my lines. On the third afternoon I was in the bed, Dylan announced to me he was leaving for a while. \"What?\" I croaked. My voice was hoarse from lack of use. \"I gotta go see someone. I'll be back soon.\" \"Fine,\" I sighed. He slid on his jacket, gave me a kiss goodbye, and was off. This didn't matter to me; I had stopped caring. I closed my eyes, and fell into a light slumber. A week later, I was still in that same bed. Dylan hadn't returned yet, and I spent almost all of my time sleeping. There had been a lack of heroin around the house lately, due to Dylan's absence. I awoke one day to a loud knocking on our door. Bang, Bang, Bang. \"Come in!\" Opals voice chimed. My eyes cracked open. I cursed whoever decided to knock on our door so loudly and awake me from my nap. I rolled over, trying to block out the noise. \"Um… Hi,\" a nervous voice said. It was a startling familiar voice. I sat up. \"Hello,\" Opal replied. \"What's your name?\" \"Uh… I'm Stacy. I was wondering if you knew if Kimber Wolffe was here?\" My heart skipped a beat. I slowly got out of the bed, and tip-toed to the door. I peeked out to watch their conversation. Opal was sitting in Alex's lap, and watching Stacy curiously, who was standing awkwardly far away. \"I'm sorry, there's no Kimber here,\" Alex smiled. \"Oh okay… Well, thanks anyway,\" Stacy responded, and turned around with a quick wave. I slowly walked out of my room, and reached the front room as he shut the door. I glided out after him. He was already out of our yard. At the sound of me closing the door he glanced back, and did a double take. He froze in the middle of the street, as we both stared at each other. \"Kimber?\" he asked. I nodded. I didn't think I could open my mouth; I was clenching my jaw so I wouldn't cry. \"You look… different,\" he told me, while walking to me. I looked down at the ground, until he reached me. He touched my arm gently, as if he was making sure I was real. I swallowed the lump in my throat and regained myself. \"Hi,\" I said quietly, looking up at him. His eyes were just as blue as I remembered them. I threw my arms around his neck and he swung his around me. I'll never know how long we stood there, holding each other tightly. \"Come inside,\" I finally said, pulling him into the house. I led him into my bedroom, and sat on the bed. He awkwardly hovered over the bed, and I laughed silently. \"Dude, you can sit down.\" He obeyed, and then spoke, \"What happened to you?\" \"What do you mean?\" I asked. \"I don't know Kimber, you take off without telling anyone where you're going, you didn't even resign from the team, and we didn't know whether you were dead or alive…\" I sat in shocked silence. \"Stace, I-I couldn't tell anyone. I didn't want anyone finding me.\" \"You shoulda known you could've came to me, or any of the team. We all love you, you know that right?\" \"Look, man, it just… I had to leave. It was my time. Besides, you've all moved on. And you guys woulda moved on even if I was still there,\" I muttered. He paused, and then replied, \"I wouldn't have. I would've stayed with you, or gone with you, just been with you. Kimber, I-I… nevermind.\" His blue eyes frantically looked around the room to distract him, and landed on the mouse that scampered across the floor and under the bed. His face turned to one of disgust. I had grown used to the mice that resided with us, and forgot that they were typically unwelcome. \"Yeah, they like it here,\" I said, changing the subject. \"I'm surprised you let them,\" he responded, smirking. \"Is it true about Sid?\" I asked quickly. \"Yeah…\" he sighed. \"I can't believe it.\" His eyes appeared to be welling up, but he swallowed and pressed on. \"I thought you would've come back for Sid, if not for anyone else. He needs us. All of us.\" Stacy's blue eyes locked with mine, and immediately I felt guilty. \"You know how I found you?\" he continued, smiling. \"Jay told me where you were. The bastard won't have a real conversation with me, but he'll find the time to drop a hint about where you are, just so I'll come see you and try to talk you into coming back. Manipulative son of a bitch,\" he chuckled. \"Always has been,\" I whispered. \"He came looking for you. I think he always knew that you went north. It was just a matter of time before he found you.\" When I didn't speak, Stacy sighed again. \"Kimber, you gotta listen to me. Jay's gone… insane. I don't know how to explain this.\" \"What are you talking about Stacy?\" \"I mean… he's different, darker. You need to come back, if only for a visit.\" I discarded that piece of information. \"Tony? How's Tony?\" \"Kimber, I can't describe to you what's happened. Everyone's changed. And I know that's unstoppable, but the people they've become are so hard to recognize.\" \"I need a minute,\" I said, getting up and heading to a bathroom. Shutting the door behind me, I began to hyperventilate. The room was spinning so incredibly fast I had to sit down. I closed my eyes tightly, and tried to concentrate on breathing. It seemed as though every time I felt as though I was calming down, a violent image of a funeral like my mother and Alex's would fly across my mind. The funeral in my head was for Sid. I gave up trying to breathe slowly, and started rummaging through my jeans for some dope. When my pockets came back empty, I lost it. My breathing became rough and ragged, and I began sweating violently. I was thrashing around on the floor, crying out for heroin. It was as though my insides were being stabbed repeatedly, and I felt something begin to rise in my throat. Crawling to the toilet, I threw up the little bit of nourishment in my system. I was experiencing withdrawal, and I didn't like it. Suddenly the bathroom door opened, and revealed a terrified Stacy. \"Fuck, Kimber, what the fuck is wrong?\" \"Get someone,\" I stuttered. He nodded vigorously, and sprinted out. Seconds later, he returned with Alex. Alex knelt down beside me, and I grabbed the collar of his shirt. As quietly as possible, I directed him to go into Dylan's room, and check under the mattress. Stacy knew that something was going on, but he didn't know exactly what. I didn't let him see the dope, and when he asked if I was okay, I told him I hadn't eaten in a while. He looked at me, concerned. \"Fine, whatever,\" he said. When everything had calmed down, Stacy told me he had to go. \"Why? Stay a little longer?\" I pleaded. \"No I gotta go, I have to get home and pack.\" \"Pack?\" I asked. \"Yeah, I've gotta go to Florida,\" he informed me, with a sad smirk. \"The Kona Bowl,\" he laughed. \"So, you're leaving.\" \"Yeah, just for a little while though.\" \"What about Sid?\" I questioned. He pretended to take interest in the wreath that still hung on our front door. He finally answered, \"Kimber, look, you have to go see Sid. Promise me?\" I stared at Stacy's sad eyes. \"I'll try. I can't promise anything,\" I stated. \"So, in case I don't make it out there, you need to swear to me that you'll visit.\" He looked at me exasperatedly. \"I can't promise anything,\" he mocked, turning and walking out of the yard. I watched his retreating back, when suddenly it spun around. \"That night? That night me and you… I just thought you should know, it wasn't meaningless for me,\" he said. I silently stared at the ground, as he waited for a response. When he realized none was coming, he continued his walk to his car. I zipped my duffel bag, and glanced around the room. It didn't look much different. I was surprised by how little was actually mine. Hazel had given me some of her dresses and skirts, while Dylan had let me have many of his shirts. Despite these additions, it all still fit in my bag comfortably. I walked out of the room, and into the front room, where they were smoking a bowl. \"Hey, guys, I'm gonna be gone for a little while,\" I told them. All of them grinned and nodded, except for Dylan. He stood up and walked me to the front door. \"How long are you gonna be gone?\" he asked gruffly. \"I don't know Dylan. I have to figure some shit out.\" I looked him in the eyes. \"You know, until I get everything together, it's not fair for you to be in this relationship.\" He was quiet. \"Look, this has nothing to do with you. It's me okay?\" \"So we're over.\" \"Yes,\" I sighed. \"Here,\" he thrust a baggie into my hand. \"I love you Azure. I'll see you around,\" he said, giving me a soft kiss. I tried to speak, but my throat was dry. Instead I looked up into his icy eyes one last time, and turned and walked out the door. In the bright sunlight, I made my way into the beautiful yard of Sid's. I passed a white metal table, and was approaching a gardener. \"Um, hi,\" I said to him. He glanced at me and nodded. \"Uh, do you know where Sid is?\" I asked him. He pointed in the direction of the pool without saying anything. \"Thanks.\" I slowly walked down the stone pathway, and I began to hear the sound of wheels against concrete. I picked my head up, and only saw the pool. I moved forward, and tried to see into the pool without getting too close. It was then I heard their voices. It sounded like they were laughing. I forgot about not wanting to be seen. My feet were moving, and my brain made no effort to stop them. There they were. They were inside Sid's dried out pool. Sid sat in a wheelchair, while the other three skated around him. Sid was smiling, but he looked weak. He was pale, and even from a distance I could see his scar. Tony was grinning; it was one of those notorious Alva grins I hadn't seen in so long. Stacy seemed to be himself. He was laughing, and it seemed sincere. Jay had shaved his hair, and in place of it was a tattoo of a zipper. I inched nearer, until I was standing on the edge of the pool. Tony noticed me first. He did a double take, paused, and then yelled, \"Kimber?\" Stacy and Jay stopped moving as well. Sid's head snapped around to see me. They all stared blankly, wondering how to react to my return. \"Welcome back, stranger,\" Sid smiled, gesturing for me to come in. I stumbled down the steps and into the pool. I immediately went to Sid and hugged him. Hot tears were forming in my eyes as I gripped him tightly. \"Sid,\" I whispered. I released him from my hold, and spun around to face Stacy. \"Good to see you here,\" he said. \"Nice to see you too,\" I grinned, embracing him. \"Look who's back!\" Tony exclaimed, hugging me next. When he let me go, I turned to Jay. \"Hey,\" I greeted him, shoving my hands in my pockets. \"Hey,\" he responded. \"Nice head.\" \"Right,\" he said quietly. \"Can I talk to you?\" I asked. His topaz eyes widened. \"Fine,\" he replied, leading me out of the pool. I could feel the other's eyes watching us, but followed in Jay's wake anyway. He led me to a swing hanging from a huge oak tree, which was out of earshot. He plopped himself down, and I sat next to him, careful not to touch him with my hands. \"You came back.\" \"Yep.\" \"I didn't know if you would,\" he muttered, staring at the ground. I began kicking the swing back and forth. In the background, I could hear a radio playing. It sounded like the Rolling Stones. \"What did you need to talk to me about?\" \"I wanted to clear things up between us. I want to be friends again.\" \"I wish we could be Kimber. I really do,\" he said quickly, looking me in the eye. \"But there are some things that happened between us… We'll never be the same, and you know it,\" he finished, turning back to the ground. Once again, I felt a lump rise in my throat. Trying to distract myself, I watched a squirrel dart across the yard. \"Why'd you shave your head?\" I wondered. \"I don't know,\" he trailed off, as his back stiffened. He clenched his jaw, and shut his eyes tightly. I then heard it. Blue jean baby, L.A. lady, Seamstress for the band… I pushed myself off of the swing, and took his hand in mine. Pretty eyed, Pirate smile, You'll marry a music man I pulled him off of the swing, and wrapped his arms around my neck. Ballerina, you must have seen her, dancing in the sand He stared at me, completely bewildered. \"Ah come on man, this is our song and you know it,\" I laughed sadly, letting a tear fall down my cheek. And now she's in me, always with me, tiny dancer in my hand He pulled me close, and we rocked back and forth to the song. Jesus freaks, out in the street Handing tickets out for God Turning back, she just laughs, The boulevard is not that bad Suddenly, I was crying into Jay's neck. I could smell the sandalwood, and it was the most comforting scent I had ever smelled. Piano man, he makes his stand In the auditorium Looking on, she sings the songs The words she knows, the tune she hums When Jay held me it was the most natural feeling in the world. I felt safe in his arms. But, oh, how it feels so real Lying here, with no one near Only you, and you can hear me When I say softly, slowly He ran his hands through my hair. I remembered frolicking in the ocean with him while listening to this song, and it made my heart ache. I wondered if he was thinking of that night as well. Hold me closer tiny dancer Count the headlights on the highway Lay me down in sheets of linen You had a busy day today As the chorus repeated, I looked up at him. We were glowing orange in the setting sun, and his eyes met mine. I raised my hand, and stroked the back of his neck. Then I lost all control: I pulled his head gently down to mine, and met his lips. Blue jean baby, L.A. lady, Seamstress for the band Pretty eyed, Pirate smile, You'll marry a music man Ballerina, you must have seen her, dancing in the sand And now she's in me, always with me, tiny dancer in my hand His grip around my waist tightened as the kiss grew more passionate. But, oh, how it feels so real Lying here, no one near Only you, and you can hear me When I say softly, slowly We separated, both transfixed on the other's face. He took his thumb and wiped away the tears from my cheeks. \"What do we do?\" he asked. \"I don't know,\" I admitted. He pulled me in, and kissed my forehead. \"I missed you,\" he whispered. \"I missed you too.\" At that moment, we both held each other until the music faded out, and we returned to the pool. Before the music ended, nothing else mattered. There was only Jay and I. All of the unresolved problems were forgotten, and we swayed to the piano. Hold me closer tiny dancer Count the headlights on the highway Lay me down in sheets of linen You had a busy day today Hold me closer tiny dancer Count the headlights on the highway Lay me down in sheets of linen You had a busy day today… What did you think? Sorry it took 7 fucking months to get it! Please review! The nest chapter will be up soon, I swear.[Chapter 18] This chapter might be a bit shorter. But it covers a lot I think. The rest of the day felt so perfect. If we all forced ourselves not to think about what would happen the next day, or what had happened in the past, it was almost like the times when we were younger. We skated in the empty pool, cracked jokes about each other, and smoked many joints that made our lame jokes seem even funnier. As the sky darkened, we slowly made our way inside of Sid's enormous house. I don't remember which one of us discovered the bottle of whiskey, but soon enough we were sitting at a table passing it around. There was only one lamp on in Sid's pristine kitchen, which cast a glow upon all our faces and made the whiskey bottle glisten with every movement. Sid insisted upon sharing his medication with all of us, and his pure joy of the five of us being together conquered his pale and weak state. He no longer spoke quietly, or held his eyes half open. Instead, his laughs were loud, and his eyes were attentive and wide, dancing with happiness. Although he didn't drink with us, he was having a good time. While we had been sober, we had avoided the questions we all wanted answered. We didn't acknowledge Sid's illness, or the black eye Tony had received because of his fame. There was no talk of Stacy's upcoming career plans, or what I had done in all the time we had been apart. What I most wanted to know was what Jay had gone through, and why in the hell he shaved the golden hair I loved. With whiskey in our system, we could no longer control our curiosity and began to speak more freely. I opened my drunken mouth first. \"So, what are you two celebrities doing drinking out of a bottle of whiskey with a bunch of degenerates?\" I laughed at my own question. \"Now that you point it out, I have no fucking clue,\" Tony teased. \"Ah, come on, were not famous,\" Stacy mumbled, leaning back in his chair with a smirk. \"Oh whatever, this random guy totally knew who you guys were. It was so embarrassing,\" I said, talking about Eli, the man who had believed me to be a hooker. \"Some random guy?\" Jay said gruffly. \"God you're such a slut.\" Even though I pretended to laugh at the joke, I felt a spark of anger towards Jay. \"Shut up, cue ball.\" \"You're so clever,\" he grinned. \"So Kimber, what have you been doing?\" \"Nothing man, nothing. Just roaming around.\" \"Where were you?\" Sid asked. \"I drove up to San Francisco and pretty much hung out around there.\" \"You live outta your car?\" Tony questioned. I realized Stacy had not told them anything about his visit. \"Nah, I sorta stayed with some friends.\" \"I can't imagine you having other friends,\" Tony mocked. \"Fuck you Alva. I just wanna know who inked this baldie up.\" Jay paused for a moment, \"What, you scared to get one?\" \"Not at all.\" \"You would never. You'd regret it or some shit.\" \"You wanna bet?\" \"Lets go to the shop right now,\" he challenged. \"Lets do it,\" I stated, standing from my chair. \"I'll drive,\" he replied, smirking at my drunken boldness. Jay opened the door to the tattoo parlor for me as I tried not to wobble in. Tony, Stacy and Sid had stayed at the house, all saying they wanted the tattoo to be a surprise in the morning. The man at the counter of the shop glanced at us as we walked in, and then said, \"How can I help you?\" \"She's gonna get a tattoo,\" Jay told him with a nod in my direction. \"You know what you want?\" \"Uh… Not really,\" I admitted. \"Well, you can look through that book over there for ideas,\" he said, pointing at a black leather book. \"Man, what's your ink say?\" he asked Jay. \"Menace to society,\" Jay said proudly. \"Badass.\" I snorted. I knew whatever one I got would be much better. Flipping through the book, not paying attention to the designs, I listened to the music they were playing in the shop. I recognized it as Leonard Cohen. \"I want you to get one too,\" I said to Jay. \"No, idiot, it's your turn.\" \"I'll let you pick what I get, if I get to pick what you get,\" I bargained. He grinned. \"Deal.\" I awoke the next morning face first in a leather couch. I cracked my eyes open, and remembered I was in Sid's house. There was a terrible aching pain on my upper back, and I cringed. I then realized I was holding Jay's hand, as he was sleeping on the floor by the couch. He grunted at the squeeze of my hand, and I immediately released. I didn't remember us falling asleep like that. I arched my back slightly, and a bolt of pain shot down my ribcage. I then realized it wasn't only my upper back in pain, but the entire right side of my back. \"Fuck,\" I whispered. The image of the tattoo parlor burst into my head. I leaped off the couch and ignored the spins of the room. It felt like I was sprinting to the bathroom, but I was only stumbling around, running into furniture. One of the family's maids glared at me, but I couldn't think about that. I hit the bathroom door, and lifted my shirt immediately. Jay had made me get a long black passage down the right side of my ribcage. It was swollen and red, but I tried to make out what it said. It was in small black cursive, and had many loopy letters. \" For now, I need your hidden love. I'm cold as a new razor blade. You left when I told you I was curious, I never said that I was brave. So long, Marianne, it's time that we began, To laugh and cry, And cry and laugh, about it all again. Oh, you are really such a pretty woman, I see you've gone and changed your names again. And just when I climbed this whole mountainside, To wash my eyelids in the rain.\" I was shocked at the largeness of the tattoo, but not as much as I was confused by the lyrics it possessed. That was the song playing in the parlor last night, and Jay had made it my tattoo. It was extremely noticeable, for it took up a good part of the back of my ribcage. I exited the bathroom, and headed to the kitchen, where Jay was sitting drinking orange juice. \"What do you think?\" he asked, not meeting my eyes. In truth, I was confused. Had he simply picked that verse because it was playing in the shop, or did he feel that way about me? There was also the possibility that he didn't remember what he had made me get. I didn't like not knowing, but I didn't have the nerve to ask exactly what it meant. \"I like it, good job asshole. So we both decided on lyrics for each other. How do you like yours?\" \"It's badass, you know I love Hendrix.\" His was much smaller, in tiny black print on his upper left forearm. \" Must there be all these colors without names, without sounds? My heart burns with feeling, but my mind is cold and reeling. Is this love baby, Or is it confusion?\" A couple weeks passed and I never discovered what the tattoo meant, but I cherished it. I hung around Venice long enough to visit the remains of the pier, and ran into Skip there. \"Heard you were back,\" he growled. I smiled, hugging him. \"So it's really gone,\" I muttered, staring at the wood, ashes and sand that were strewn across the beach. \"Left with you, kid.\" We were quiet for a while, simply watching the water. \"Why'd you go?\" he finally asked. I sighed. \"I couldn't… I didn't know how to handle what was going on here.\" \"That doesn't mean you leave. That doesn't fix shit,\" he slurred. I now knew that. Ignoring his statement, I changed the subject, \"Can I have a job Skip?\" He looked at me puzzled. \"Yeah, sure maggot. Why do you need it?\" \"Oh you know, living outta my car. Some cash would be nice.\" \"Makes sense. But if you fuck up, I'm not scared to fire you. You can do what Sid used to do.\" \"Yeah, guess he's not working anymore,\" I replied. \"It's minimum wage kid. No more.\" I didn't know what made me ask for a job, but I think I wanted to be able to try and make this visit more than a visit. I wanted to be able to pay for an apartment to live in, and more dope to shoot. I had been working about a month when I found a tiny apartment I could afford to rent with Jay as my roommate. I had resisted a roommate for the longest time, trying to save enough money for my own place; but the amount I used for dope was draining the amount I could use for rent. After caving in to the idea of a roommate, I had to figure out who would live with me. I personally considered Tony the best choice, but he seemed to push for Jay and I living together. The day after I had seen the apartment two people could afford, Jay and Tony walked into Skip's shop during my shift. \"Hey fuckers,\" I greeted, lounging on the counter. \"How's the house hunt?\" Tony asked. I sighed. I hadn't told anyone except Tony and Skip I was looking for a place to live. \"House hunt?\" Jay questioned. \"I found this little apartment, but I'd need a roommate to pay for it,\" I informed them. \"Well, you know I can't, I'm famous,\" Tony smirked. He used the cover that he needed to travel for work instead of actually saying he wanted to force Jay and I together again. \"Yeah right, shithead.\" \"Why are you looking for a place to stay?\" Jay said. \"Because I'll probably be here for a while,\" I replied, and Jay cocked an eyebrow. \"Don't flatter yourself, it's for Sid.\" \"Right,\" he muttered. \"Where are you living Jay?\" I asked. \"I crash at my mom's sometimes,\" he told me, setting his left hand on the counter. I stared at the tattoo I had made him get, and finally spat out what Tony wanted me to say. \"Then help me pay the rent.\" \"What, live together?\" \"Yeah. I need a roommate, you need your own place.\" Jay looked at me, puzzled. \"Are you serious?\" \"Yeah, why not.\" Jay and I were not classified as anything. We had avoided any physical contact since the kiss. We didn't talk about it, and tried not to think about it. Despite this, we moved into the apartment relatively quickly. Neither of us had much to move in, so it was quite a quick process. There was one huge problem though: the apartment had only one bedroom. We didn't address this until it actually came time to move in Jay's bed. Both of us sat down on the mattress, and looked at each other. \"We only have one bed,\" he stated. \"I know,\" I sighed, and that was the end of that discussion. Luckily, we did not have to spend much time alone. The apartment became a place where our friends floated in and out. In our first month, we never had a night alone. The chaos also provided a cover for my heroin addiction. With the constant movement of the bodies, I could quietly slip into the bathroom for a couple of minutes to shoot up. I could see the looks Jay gave me though, as though he knew something was wrong. I knew I must have looked a little crazy around that time, but had been avoiding all mirrors. I didn't want to see myself. The first night we were completely alone was a terrible night. It began around four o'clock in the afternoon. I had just returned from work, and Jay was just rolling out of the bed when we heard the knock at the door. I opened it to reveal a frantic looking Stacy. \"Come on, we're going to the hospital,\" he rushed, grabbing my arm roughly and pulling me across the threshold. Jay, Stacy and I sped to the hospital in silence. Stacy did not have to explain to us what was happening. It felt like we were in the car forever, and finally pulled up to the hospital. The boys jumped out of the car, and were practically sprinting to the front doors. On the other hand, I was moving in slow motion. I slowly put once foot in front of the other, and was mesmerized by the many windows lining the hospital. I thought about the possibility that people were actually slipping away, meeting death, behind several of the windows I looked at. I reached the doors, and leaned into one to open it. I stared at the patients in the waiting room, some actually injured or sick, and some just as frightened as us. Jay and Stacy were harassing the middle-aged woman at the front desk, but she would not let them see Sid. I turned my attention away from them, and my eyes fell upon Tony and Skip sitting quietly in a corner. Next to them was an aging couple holding hands, and tears running down their faces. I assumed they were Sid's family. I was standing in the middle of all the chaos, not moving. I knew that Sid would not make it. It was the end. There was no point in trying to see him, or even asking what was going on. There was no point in moving either, so I stayed there, completely still, in the middle of the waiting room, gazing down the hospital hallway. No one asked me to move, no one bothered me, and no one seemed to notice me. Everyone understood. I stumbled into our small apartment, and immediately went to lie down on the bed. Jay followed behind me, not speaking. He got into bed with me, neither of us bothering to take off our clothes. We didn't have to talk, or even look at each other. There was nothing we could say to change anything. I gathered the energy to go prepare myself some dope. When I returned to the bed, he didn't acknowledge my entrance. I got under the covers, and turned on my side away from him. I didn't cry, I didn't move, but his arm found its way around my waist, and he buried his face in my hair. He wasn't sobbing or shaking, but the back of my neck did become damp as he shed silent tears. We laid there, in the dark, finally drifting off to sleep in the early hours of the morning. Whadya think? Review. I don't wanna upload unless I get reviews.[Chapter 19] With the passing of Sid, came the passing of the bonds I believed were once again forming. I saw Tony and Stacy at the funeral, but other than that, they continued on with their careers. I was not sure when they were in town, or had left to go traveling. I quit my job at Zephyr, as I could not find the strength to actually work. Jay and I rarely spoke to each other, and never mentioned the passing of Sid. We slept together one night after Sid's passing, and I believed it was just for the comfort of another person. He never brought it up, so I tried to forget about it. It was beginning to feel like I was completely fading. I was not sure when this transformation had begun, but I knew I was a completely different person. I used to laugh and joke, smile and cry. With each person who had departed from my life, it was as though a piece of myself had departed alongside them. One night, I was lying on the couch in the apartment, staring at the ceiling and smoking a cigarette. I had no idea what day it was, nor did I care. I was blasting Pink Floyd through the tiny space, and did not glance at Jay when he walked in and sat down next to me. \"I'm gonna go out for a little bit,\" he told me. I nodded. I still loved Jay. I always would. I just had no more room for emotion. I was dying inside. I stared at his hair, which was beginning to grow back. It reminded me of the many times I ran my hands through it, or saw it glint in the sun. It occurred to me how long it had been since I had actually touched him, or anyone for that matter. I felt contagious. Us, and them, And after all, were only ordinary men. Me, and you. God only knows its not what we would choose to do. Forward he cried from the rear, And the front rank died. And the general sat, and the lines on the map moved from side to side. My skin on my left arm was scabbing and scaring, so I lived in a hoodie. I was ashamed of anyone seeing me, and would not go near mirrors. Jay was staring at me in an odd way, but I did not think much of it. I wanted him to leave. I wanted to be alone, and be allowed to wallow in my thoughts without distractions. He touched my thigh to push his weight off the couch, and I grimaced at the contact. Hearing the door close, I remained motionless, as I shut my eyes. Black and blue, And who knows which is which, and who is who. Up and down. But in the end, it's only round and round. Haven't you heard it's a battle of words, the poster bearer cried. Listen son, said the man with the gun, There's room for you inside. I thought back to the times when we would wake up early, and go to the pier. We simply went to surf and see one another. There was no money thrown at us, or deaths to tear us apart. I wondered if any of the others remembered the days when we were broke, living with our dysfunctional families, and all best friends. Those were the best times of my life. I swung my legs off the couch, and began to robotically prepare my dope, which was in the pocket of my hoodie. I mean, they're not gonna kill ya, so if you give 'em a quick, short, sharp, shock, they won't do it again, dig it? I mean, he get off lightly, 'cause I would've given him a thrashing- I only hit him once! It was only a difference of opinion, but really, I mean good manners, Don't cost nothing do they, eh? I injected the needle into my arm, and with it came a burning emotion. I realized this needle was dirty, but was too distracted to clean it. I felt the heroin begin pulsing through my system, but for some reason, it refused to cease my thoughts. I saw Jay, Tony, and Stacy, all out in the ocean surfing. They were laughing, and appeared so much younger. I could not tell if I was hallucinating, or if this was a real memory. I saw Sid, sweeping in the Zephyr store, playfully being shoved by Jay and laughing. I saw my mother, crying at the round table in our kitchen. I saw Alex through a cloud of smoke, grinning sheepishly. I had the vision of an old photograph with Nicole, Nick and I, standing by the pier with forced smiles in place. I saw Dylan's icy blue eyes, which penetrated my soul. My head fell to the side, crashing against the table. I felt hot blood trickle down my face. The room was spinning. I saw Tony, passing me a joint and hitting me against my shoulder. I saw Kathy's face when she saw Jay, and the look of lust in her eyes. I saw Stacy's face when he saw Kathy's, and how much he wanted to love her. I saw my mother dancing vigorously at a party, looking beautiful in a long, flowing dress. I saw Sid's dog Rufus, running in his yard and barking at us all. I couldn't hold my eyes open. My throat was constricting. Somehow, I knew what was happening. I tried to pick my head up, but ended up falling backwards onto the couch again. I was staring at the blank ceiling, but saw so much more. There was Jay, his topaz eyes staring into mine, and a smirk on his face. His golden hair hung around his face, and he brushed it back with a swift move of his hand. He was lying in bed with me, the sun wrapping us both in its warm embrace. Then, his face morphed into his current appearance. His hair short, eyes wide and panicking. Was he really there? Back at the apartment? It was so real I could even hear him yelling my name, but it sounded muffled and distant. Down, and out, It can't be helped, but there's a lot of it about. With, without. And who'll deny, it's what the fighting's all about? Out of the way, it's a busy day, I've got things on my mind. For the want of the price of tea and a slice, The old man died. Vomit rose in my throat, and it slithered down my neck. His rough hands were grabbing my face, shaking me, screaming for me to live. Then, he departed from my side. I felt lost. Where had he gone? Why did he leave me? The last thing I saw was the pier. The wind was blowing softly, ruffling our hair. Skip was there, with his friends, and we were watching them surf in awe. Suddenly, Sid was standing in the ocean, beckoning me to join him. I slowly walked towards him, and stopped before reaching the water. I turned back to look at Tony, Stacy and Jay, all standing there watching. Tony waved at me. Stacy looked sadly at me. Jay stared at me, one last time, with his entrancing eyes that I loved more than anything. The wind blew his scent of sandalwood in my direction, and I wished to run into his arms. I turned to Sid to tell him this, but when I looked at Sid, he was standing with my mother and Alex on either side of him. I realized what I was supposed to so, and stepped into the water. It was warm and comforting. When I looked back to where my friends had been standing, I could no longer see them. They had disappeared. Or I had disappeared. I would never know. Then, Alex tugged on my arm to follow him into the ocean, and I allowed him to pull me under. He couldn't help but think how different she looked. She no longer possessed the curves of an hourglass, but had lost all her weight and appeared skeletal. Her hair was falling out, and was so much thinner than the thick locks he had once played with. Her skin was no longer tan, but pale, and her eyes had a sunken look to them. Despite all of this, she was still the most beautiful thing he had ever seen. He wanted to save her, but he knew she would never let him in again. He had to prove his devotion to her, and that's why he knew he was doing the right thing. He sat down on the couch next to her frail figure and spoke, \"I'm gonna go out for a little bit.\" She nodded slowly, and he wondered if she even noticed when he was around. She had changed so much, but he could still see flashes of the old Kimber, the one he had fallen in love with. The way she held her cigarette and blew her smoke out had remained the same, and her lips were still full and pink. He pushed himself off the couch, and noticed her cringe when he touched her. As he strode along the street to his mother's house, he couldn't help but remember when they had lived there together. He could see her sitting on the steps of the house, listening to Bob Dylan's Wallflower play in the distance. When he pushed open the door, he saw his mother had left the small velvet box on the counter in the kitchen. Opening it revealed the ring his father had given his mother when they were to be married. It was a small diamond, and even though he knew nothing about jewelry, knew that it was beautiful. He pocketed it, and walked home quickly. He was actually excited about what he was about to do. It had been so long since he felt excitement. He would be Kimber's husband. She would be Kimber Adams. Although, he smiled, she might want to keep her own last name. She had always prided herself on being a Wolffe. He returned to the apartment surprisingly fast. As he opened the door, he realized she hadn't locked it, and was about to say something until he saw what was happening. She was motionless on the couch, making the most horrible noises and twitching. There was blood running down the side of her face. He stood frozen in place, and then dashed over to her. He gazed into her face, her eyes, those mismatched shades of brown that he loved. He did not think she could see him. She was stuttering, and he didn't think she could control her body at all. Vomit fell out of her mouth and seeped down her neck, but he didn't care. He held her face tightly, and tried to get her attention. \"Kimber! Kimber! What the fuck? Can you hear me? What's happening?\" He desperately sprinted to the phone and dialed 911. It was then he saw the bloody syringe on the table next to her. \"911, what is your emergency?\" a female voice on the other end of the receiver asked. \"Yeah, m-my girlfriend, she just o-overdosed, I need someone out here quick,\" he cried into the phone. She looked like the twitching was slowing, and he couldn't tell if that meant she was slipping away or regaining consciousness. \"Where are you, sir?\" He proceeded to give her the address and hang up the phone after she instructed him to keep her upright. He knew it was too late by the time he hung up, but ran to her side anyway. She was still breathing, but very lightly. Surprisingly, she looked at peace. Even with the vomit and blood, he thought she was beautiful. He kissed her forehead gently, and whispered, \"I love you. I'm so sorry.\" He stayed by her side, quietly sobbing until the paramedics arrived. They rushed in and roughly pushed him aside, away from her. He watched as they grabbed her wrist and searched for a pulse, a pulse that had been gone for much longer than that night. Everything was moving in slow motion for Jay, and as they placed her on the stretcher, he heard one of the men say, \"Fucking junkies.\" Jay's anger boiled to the surface, and he snapped, \"What the fuck did you just say? You didn't know her at all!\" The man turned around, shocked to see that Jay was listening. He shrugged, and proceeded to take her out of the room. Jay sprinted after, and found her hand underneath the blanket they had covered her with. He walked with the paramedics, holding her cold hand, and receiving some of the oddest looks. Later that night at the hospital, the doctors discovered that Kimber had been pregnant. Tell me what you think? This isn't how I'm ending it, I'm gonna carry on with Jay's POV. ","Summary":" I OWN NOTHING. not led zeppelin or the zboys. only the characters i create. -- The small room was d"},{"Movie":"Let Me In, 2010","Title":"Change the Locks - Let Me In (2010) Sequel","Author":"VampireNo.13","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9650825","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Change the Locks ('Let Me In' fanfiction) Owen's body jolted forward ever so slightly as the train pulled to a stop. 10:58pm. He took a taffy out of his pocket, unwrapping the brightly-coloured wrapper before popping the piece of candy in his mouth. His back molars pierced the candy and the familiar taste electrocuted his tongue, bringing a small smile to his face as he slid the flattened candy wrapper through the gap in his trunk, and knocked quietly in Morse code. \"One more stop,\" Owen's knuckles rolled across the trunk's lid with every knock. \"Nearly there.\" There was silence for a minute or so, until Owen heard an assertive thump from inside the trunk, it sounded as if whatever was inside had hit the lid with the side of the hand, clenched in a fist. The candy wrapper slid out of the gap in the trunk, and Owen quickly pinched it before it fell to the floor. He clumsily flipped the wrapper to see the blank side, crumpling it in the process. He didn't care; he was looking for the message. \"How long will it be? I like puzzles; but a Rubik's cube won't entertain me forever, Owen. I want to see you. Abby.\" Owen expired, his breathing unsteady. He looked around subtly, checking that no one in his carriage could see him. Safe. He kneeled, slowly and carefully, and parted his lips when his face neared the gap in the trunk. \"We're about an hour and a half away from Denver.\" Owen whispered, squinting through the gap. He saw her eyes smile through the gap; he couldn't help but smile back, he didn't even need to try. \"Are we in Colorado?\" she whispered, her throat croaky. He let out a quiet laugh and nodded, still grinning. \"I'm going to sleep now, it's late. Get some sleep too, yeah?\" Owen advised, still squinting through the gap in the trunk. \"No!\" Abby shouted with an accompanying thump, making Owen jump before shushing her. He looked around, hoping no one heard the sound of the young girl coming from his luggage. He turned to look into the trunk again, but all he could see was Abby's golden eyes wide with a mixture of emotions; hurt, shock, disappointment and worry. \"You need to be quiet, Abby.\" He whispered, sternly. She lowered her head, so he could see her blonde hair parting. \"Sorry. But, don't leave me. Please?\" Her voice was full of desperation despite being quiet, and he couldn't back away from her now. Not after all she'd been through. He sighed quietly, his eyes flitting between her eyes and the carriage door. \"Ok.\" She grinned – or at least her eyes grinned. Her eyes were all you could see through the gap in the trunk. Like he'd promised, Owen began dragging the trunk off of the train about an hour and a half after his and Abby's previous conversation and his sneaker brushed the platform at Union Station in Denver, Colorado. His eyes skimmed the empty station and he took a deep breath of cold air before letting out a stream of steam from his nostrils. There was something eerie about the platform. Owen shuddered and immediately began heaving the heavy trunk towards the exit; the after-school strength classes he'd done back in Los Alamos were seriously paying off now, but not in the way he'd expected. \"Nearly there.\" He told himself as he dragged the trunk behind him, only metres from the exit. With every heave he made, he got closer to the exit. Suddenly he felt the toe of his sneaker slam into a paving stone, and he fell forward with his eyes closed as he let out a quiet gasp. He continued to fall to the pavement, but instead of feeling the cold hard concrete, he felt a warm soft material breaking his fall. Owen's eyes flashed open, and he looked up to see a tall figure helping him to his feet again. He couldn't quite see the figure's face, but he assumed it was male due to the stench of cologne that lingered in a visible cloud. \"You okay there, son?\" a voice came from the figure. Oh, a policeman. Owen nodded. \"I'm just on my way out, sir. Thank you for helping me up, by the way.\" He smiled politely before continuing to make his way to the exit. Again, he felt the soft material against him. The policeman was blocking his way. \"Not so fast, kid. Where you off to? It's pretty late, not exactly a great environment for a young man like you, is it now?\" His moustache bristled as he spoke. Owen stuttered, thinking of a witty response. \"I'm getting a cab to my dad's apartment,\" he lied. \"I better run, it'll probably be outside by now.\" His ears were hot with panic. \"Just checked. Nothing there. How old are you?\" The words made Abby sit up in the trunk, her eyes wide with tension and her ears pricked with inquisitiveness. Owen opened his mouth, but no words could escape his lips. He cleared his throat. \"I'm,\" he stuttered. \"I'm fifteen. I just look very young for my age. You should see how difficult it is to get into the movie theatre, I can barely get into PG-13s!\" He chuckled, pushing past the cop. As Owen continued dragging the trunk, the policeman watched; his eyes narrow. He stared as Owen finally reached the exit. That cop wasn't going to do anything. He wasn't going to stop him. Lucky, really.[Chapter 2] Change the Locks Chapter Two Owen clicked open the latches on the trunk after dragging it through a dense forest for about half an hour. He grunted as he pushed open the final latch, and Abby powerfully kicked open the lid of the drunk, making Owen fall backwards with shock. She let out a long hard breath, circulating her neck around to get rid of all the kinks that anyone would acquire from being curled up in a trunk for seven hours. \"Finally…\" She grinned, her eyes closed and her head tilted to the sky. Abby's eyes opened slowly, and she turned to Owen, a wide smirk still plastered across her face. She put out her hand to help him up, and he happily accepted it by carefully wrapping his hand around her lower wrist and pulling himself up so that he was standing at eye-level with her. Owen looked into her eyes, his mouth ever so slightly parted in shock. It wasn't a surprised or a scared kind of shock; it was more of an admiring shock. Awe. He looked at her with a sense of awe. Abby leant forward, leaning all of her weight onto the balls of her feet, and planted a light peck on his cheek, widening his mouth even more. There was something different about Abby since they'd left New Mexico. She was braver. She was stronger. She was energetic. Abby used to be dull. Very sweet and kind, but dull; her personality was undeveloped. But she was always different with Owen, he seemed to breathe some life into her. And now that there were no limits and she was alone with him, she was happy. She was how a young vampire should be. No boundaries. \"Let's get a cab.\" He said, taking her hand in his and turning to pull her with him. She quickly pulled away. \"No,\" she said, looking away. \"Not yet.\" Abby fell back into the Abby we all knew – quiet, damaged, pessimistic. She twisted the Rubik's cube in her hands. \"Stay. Get a cab in the morning,\" She asked, hopeful. \"It's…dangerous.\" Owen couldn't help but find this funny. \"Dangerous? You murder people every day to drink their blood. You're a vampire. And you're scared of danger ?\" Abby shrugged, clearing her throat slightly and deliberately not making eye contact with Owen. \"Sorry.\" She whispered. That's when it hit him. Owen threw himself forward and wrapped his arms around her. All the memories flooded back of that night; the way the snow rested on Abby's hair as she apologized. The way she smiled as she agreed to try a taffy. The way she vomited it up in the snow. Owen opened his eyes and he was still in the woods with Abby. \"Owen, do you like me?\" She asked, still embracing the hug. \"I love you. A lot.\" He replied. She squeezed tighter, wearing a warm smile. \"Maybe I should've phrased it differently the first time. 'Would you still like me if I wasn't a human' might have been a better way of trying to explain to you.\" Owen chuckled, letting out another cloud of steam from his mouth. He tilted his head so his lips just grazed her ear. \"I will always love you, Abby. And don't you forget that.\" A single tear slid down Abby's cheek. \"I won't forget.\" Abby opened her eyes, although her vision was still blurry. She hadn't quite woken up yet. It was sunny; luckily both her and Owen had found a shaded place to sleep, knowing that vampires and sunlight don't miss. She turned to Owen who lay next to her, sleeping quietly – he looked a couple of year younger when he slept. She spied a wrist watch on his arm and carefully turned it over in order to find out how early it was. 8:49am. Thankfully Owen was wearing a coat to keep him warm on the frosty ground, which wasn't as cold and snowy as New Mexico, possibly because winter was almost over but probably because the ground was sheltered by a canopy of trees. She didn't have to get up just yet, there was no rush anymore. This is something Abby looked forward to – everything was going to slow down, she could actually enjoy her life. Owen let out a light snore, and Abby turned to see him scrunch his nose, bringing a smile to her face. She lowered herself down next to him, wrapping her arms around him as he slept. She lay with her eyes open for a minute or so, before closing them to see the image of her and Owen lying together with his hand on her cheek. She didn't know why she lay in bed with him, naked; perhaps it was so she could feel closer to him that night, or maybe it was so she could let him in, in return for him letting her in. Either way, it didn't matter. She felt comfortable with him. \"Abby? Wake up, it's nearly lunchtime.\" Owen tapped Abby's cheek lightly, bringing her around to consciousness. She smiled weakly. \"Hey.\" She sat up, her eyes level with his. \"Okay, I was thinking – how are we going to get you food? I mean, how much blood do you need? Does it always have to be human blood? Could you, for example, drink deer blood? How often do you need blood? Do you…\" Abby frowned and put her finger on his lips, lightly, as a method of shushing him. \"It's okay; I know exactly what to do.\" She smirked, raising one eyebrow arrogantly. Owen sat on a small suitcase which had been stored within the trunk (which was now sitting under a tree a few miles away in the woods) as Abby leant against a tree, in the shade, despite the weather being surprisingly overcast. \"What's in the case?\" She asked, \"I didn't have enough room to check when I was in the trunk yesterday.\" Abby hinted at the fact that she was still slightly irritated by the amount of time she had to spend in the trunk. \"Clothes for both of us, food, a penknife, pain killers, a bottle of water and some money. Not much money, but it'll do for now.\" Abby nodded, seeming slightly disinterested albeit grateful. About five minutes of silence passed between them. \"No cab is going to come down this way, Owen.\" She sighed, throwing her arms out from a crossed position. \"I know,\" he grinned. \"That's why we're going to hitchhike.\"[Chapter 3] Change the Locks Chapter Three \"So, what're you two doing in all the way out here alone?\" The young man in the felt cowboy hat asked, steering the wheel of his dusty pickup truck with his right hand. He wasn't particularly well built for a rancher, though he certainly dressed the part with a scruffy plaid shirt, a pair of worn-out jeans (which were covered in mud) and heavy workman's boots; not to mention the dusty marks in the crevasses and creases in his face. \"We're travelling to our dad's house…\" Owen began, trembling, not knowing how to finish. There was an awkward silence as the hick locked eyes with Owen through his rear-view mirror. \"He couldn't pick us up from the train station because he was called for jury duty at the last minute so we had to make our own way here,\" Abby lied, subtly giving Owen an anxious look. \"We don't mind though, I mean, I'm nearly sixteen.\" She continued, lying like it was no big deal. \"Really? My sister's sixteen and you sure don't look anything like her.\" The hick asked, his Tennessee accent strong with every expression. \"Well, our family are a group of slow bloomers.\" Owen broke into the conversation, supported heavily by a nodding Abby. The rest of the journey was spent in either silence or the awkwardness was broken with a little small-talk. Either way, it was highly disinteresting. Abby looked nervously at the clouds, she was screwed if they cleared. She tuck her dark blonde hair into her sweater and put her hood up, throwing her hands into her front pocket. She'd be safe; for now. \"Do you guys mind if I, you know, light up?\" The hick asked, taking a cigarette and a lighter out of the glove box. Owen looked to Abby who smiled lightly, and they both proceeded to nod to the hick who lit up his cigarette. \"N'aw, dang it!\" He cursed, making Owen jump. \"What?\" Abby asked. \"I scraped like an entire layer of skin off of my thumb when I was lighting my smoke, and there's blood…\" The hick began to trail off after catching a glimpse of Abby in his rear-view mirror as the truck pulled to a stop. Abby's green eyes flooded with a silver colour, making her pupils seem only more menacing. Her skin paled, and coloured veins slowly became visible on her neck. \"This is perfect, thanks!\" Owen exclaimed, pushing the door open, dragging Abby quickly with him. \"What the hell is wrong with that child?! She's got the eye of the freakin' devil if you ask me!\" The hick shouted after them, turning around to see where they were headed. \"Thank you!\" Owen hurriedly shouted back, dragging Abby down a side road lined with dense forest. \"Abby, oh my God,\" He whispered, continuing to drag her into the trees. \"Calm down, just calm down.\" Owen hugged Abby tightly, slowing down her vibrations until she let out a quiet sob. \"What's wrong?\" He asked anxiously, still holding her in his arms. \"He was bleeding, and there was the sunlight and I couldn't handle it…\" She sobbed, her words difficult to decipher through the uneven breathes and sniffs she was making. That's when it hit him. \"Damn. Sunlight, that's going to be difficult to dodge.\" Owen groaned, releasing Abby but still holding her hands. She nodded, sniffing. \"Let me explain something I should've explained a while ago, Owen.\" After carefully making their way further into the forest, and further away from the road, the two sat beneath the pine trees in a patch of grass that wasn't covered in ferns. \"Okay,\" Abby began, taking off the ring on her finger to reveal a scar. \"This is why I could venture into the sunlight before 'he' died.\" She said, holding the ring up. \"Who's 'he'?\" Owen asked, lowering his brow. \"The man who looked after me, back in Los Alamos,\" Abby explained solemnly after a long period of composure. You could tell she was still broken. Owen held her hand warmly. \"Well, this ring is a form of protection for us vampires. You see, it protects us from the sunlight – as long as I have this then I can't be harmed.\" \"If it protects you, then how come we have to keep you shaded?\" Owen asked, confused. Abby sighed. \"The ring is silver, which is a weakness of mine. That's why I have the scar,\" She gestured to the scar on her fore-finger, \"But in order for the ring to protect me it needs three properties. One, it must be silver – I need to be pained by one weakness to relieve myself of another. Two, it must be placed on the fore-finger. And finally, it must be given as a gift from a human to a vampire.\" Abby smiled lightly on finishing her explanation, watching Owen closely. \"Why does it no longer work?\" He asked after a period of time. \"If the human who passed the ring to the vampire who possess it dies or is killed, the ring's powers die out with them. My ring is dead.\" Owen blinked slowly. He wasn't quite sure what to think of all of this. \"Well, we need to get you that ring then!\" He grinned, breaking the silence and making Abby lurch forward to hug him, knocking him onto his back as she did so. Abby lay on top of Owen, both still embracing the hug and laughing at Owen's extravagant backwards fall. She lifted her head, so she could look at his face. His eyes were bright blue, with flecks of silver and green. She smiled, looking at him so inventively. Owen looked slightly breathless, but a hint of a smile was apparent on his face. The laughter had died down, and the only sound was that of breathing. Abby slowly lowered her head downwards, and carefully pressed her slightly parted lips to Owen's. This kiss was special – there was no movement or intense passion, except the pressure of Abby's lips pinching Owen's, but only slightly. This kiss was intimate. Beautiful. Flawless. Abby lifted her head, her eyes closed, mirroring Owen's. Slowly, they both opened their eyes, looking at each other with smiles plastered across their faces. Abby giggled, sitting up so that she was almost straddling Owen. She blushed and shrugged before helping Owen up from the floor. He looked at her, still grinning. \"Let's get you that ring.\"[Chapter 4] Change the Locks Chapter Four Owen dragged the small suitcase along the path through the woods, close to the road. Ordinarily, he would feel totally vulnerable in a forest, at night; but he has Abby. \"Can you read that road sign from here?\" Owen asked Abby, who was walking next to him with her arm wrapped around his. \"Yes. Ten miles to Aurora.\" She replied after squinting in the direction of the sign. \"Is Aurora big?\" Owen asked, timidly. She simply nodded in response. \"Well, hopefully we'll be there by morning.\" He smiled. They continued walking in silence, Abby resting her head on Owen's shoulder. \"Damn.\" Owen suddenly cursed, making Abby jump. \"What?\" \"You need to eat. That's why we hitchhiked in the first place! What have I done? I dragged you away from the only meal you could've possibly had…\" Owen pinched the bridge of his nose due to how frustrated he was with himself. \"Hold on,\" Abby smiled slightly, putting her arm in front of Owen to stop him from walking any further. \"Look.\" She pointed through the trees to a man leaning against his car in a lay-by, smoking a cigarette whilst twizzling a balisong knife in the other hand. \"Aren't those illegal..?\" Owen murmured, referring to the knife. Abby's eyes were locked onto the man in the lay-by. \"Who cares? It won't make a difference by the time I've finished with him.\" And with that, she sprinted silently and invisibly to a tree about three metres from the man in the lay-by; Abby's body wrapped around the tree as the ultimate method of camouflage. Her fingers slowly crept into the moonlight until suddenly there was an outcry from the lay-by. But as soon as Owen turned to see what had happened, Abby was already a few metres away, soaked to the skin in blood, her skin bulging with veins and her pupils surrounded by a silver iris. She looked truly terrifying, and all Owen could do was stare. \"How long do you stay like that?\" He said, passing her a tissue to wipe her mouth, petrified. \"Don't look.\" She said as she took a spare hoodie from the suitcase as her jeans remained relatively unstained. Owen turned around awkwardly whilst Abby removed her sweater, and quickly replaced it with a new one. \"Done.\" She smiled, everything returning to normal. Owen blinked, realising Abby had turned from a bloodsucking killer back to a small-framed twelve-year-old girl in a matter of seconds. \"We keep walking, then?\" He asked after a minute of bewilderment. She nodded, wrapping her arm around his and resting her head on his shoulder once again. The couple continued walking through the dense forest, keeping close to the highway and using road signs to direct them towards Aurora. About two hours passed before Abby and Owen reached civilisation, which was in the form of a midnight-hour gas station. \"Owen,\" Abby pointed towards the gas station. \"Need anything?\" \"Yeah, do you mind?\" He asked as she shook her head. The road was close to empty, so they quickly made their way across the road to the gas station. A bell on the door jingled as they walked in, Owen first. There was one cashier, a woman in her late thirties with a washed out face and a blank expression. \"Just these please.\" Owen said, putting a packet of his favourite sweets on the counter, followed by a dollar note. The light above the cashier flickered as she put the note into the cash register and handed the sweets back to Owen. He smiled weakly and quickly walked out of the store, dragging Abby by the hand. \"Hey! Why are we going so fast?\" She asked after she'd been dragged out of the door. \"Abby, if we stay anywhere for too long then people will ask questions. And we get tracked down by the cops, then it's over. We've got so far, we can't lose it now.\" Owen explained as he dragged her across the road and back to the safety of the forest. \"So we keep walking?\" She asked, letting him lead her. \"Yes,\" he confirmed whilst checking the time. \"We'll reach Aurora in an hour or so.,\" he confirmed whilst checking the time. \"We'll reach Aurora in an hour or so. You do know where we're headed, right?\" Abby nodded. \"Like I said, we move around a lot. I knew that keeping a safe house on standby would turn out to be a good idea!\" She giggled, kissing him on the cheek. \"We'll be safe there whilst we figure out where to turn to next.\" She continued. \"But Abby, why can't we just stay in Colorado?\" Owen asked, his face dropping. \"It's not safe here. We need to keep moving around, otherwise people will start to link us to all these murders. That's why I moved around so much before I met you. You made me stay,\" Abby smiled sweetly. \"I came up with a plan.\" \"What for?\" Owen asked, confused. \"We use our place in Aurora as a safe house, yes? We gather all our money and materials together, yes? We get a silver ring to keep me safe during the day, yes?\" She asked, watching Owen nod in agreement. \"We'll rest there for a while. Then we need to move west.\" \"Why west?\" \"I know someone who can help us.\" Abby's expression was serious as her and Owen stood amongst the trees, in the moonlight, with only the occasional passing car. \"But, he operates in Las Vegas.\" She sighed. \"Las Vegas?! That's miles away!\" Owen shouted, causing Abby to cover his mouth with her hand, shushing him. \"Just hear me out, okay? My victims won't need any money for where they're going – so why not take it? We can save up enough money to get two train tickets to Las Vegas.\" Abby felt the corners of Owen's mouth lifting into a smile as he saw glint of cunning in her eye. \"What can this guy in Vegas help us with anyway?\" He asked, lowering his brow. \"He's a forger,\" Abby whispered. \"He can forge passports, bank account details and give us money. That way, we have a lot more options at our disposal.\" \"Okay,\" Owen smiled. \"But what are we supposed to do once we have that stuff?\" Abby giggled a little, handing Owen some dollar bills from her earlier victim. \"We catch a plane to New York City.\"[Chapter 5] Change the Locks Chapter Five Abby turned the key, and the door clicked open. She slowly pushed it open, the paint chipping from it as she did. Owen's eyes widened as he saw a single room with two beds, a small wardrobe, a fridge and several other basic kitchen appliances. The lack of furniture wasn't what bothered him; what bothered him was the damp metallic stench and the discoloured walls. Abby stepped inside, tripping over the unsecured carpet complete with mysterious smelling stains that Owen hoped was clam chowder. \"It's nice.\" He smiled awkwardly. Abby snorted with laughter. \"I know it's pretty run-down, but it'll do.\" He should've known. Abby and Owen had trekked through the shady side of town in the early hours of that morning. After avoiding various prostitutes and drug dealers, they eventually reached a small apartment building surrounded by seedy-looking thrift stores, motels and beauty parlours. Instead of leading him up the steps to the front door of the apartment building, however, Abby lead Owen round the back and down a dingy alleyway which smelt highly unpleasant. There were some steps behind a green trash container leading to a door underneath the ground level of the pavement, and Abby gestured for Owen to follow. The door was a dark green, almost khaki, but the paint was chipped at the edges. There was a small slot for mail and a keyhole; but apart from that, the door was bear. And this is where they ended up – in the run-down basement of the apartment building, also known as Abby's former home. \"There's no food.\" Owen frowned as he opened the fridge. Abby shook her head. \"Check the cupboard,\" Abby pointed. \"There's probably some canned food.\" Owen opened the cupboard door and removed a dusty can of baked beans. \"I guess this'll have to do..\" He sighed as he opened a drawer in search of a pan and a can opener. Abby rolled onto a bed, propping her head up on her arms which were folded under her neck. Owen ignited the stove, and began to slowly heat beans. \"How long were you planning on staying here?\" Owen asked, breaking the silence as he stirred the beans with a wooden spoon. \"A few days. A week, tops.\" Abby said, staring at the ceiling. Owen back-channelled. \"And how long are we going to stay in Vegas?\" He asked. \"As long as it takes.\" \"And how long will it..\" Abby cut him off. \"What's with the questions?\" She asked. Owen turned off the stove and looked to Abby, smirking. \"Well, now you're asking them.\" He grinned. \"It's rhetorical!\" She giggled, rolling onto her side. He sat on the other bed, eating the beans with a fork. \"This is cool,\" She said after a long pause. \"Just you and me, and no one to stop us from doing what we want and going where we want to go. And it'll be even easier when we get to Las Vegas!\" She grinned, sitting up on the bed with a glint of excitement in her eyes. Since meeting Owen, Abby had changed. She'd become more 'human'. She developed a personality, a real one. She had ideas, a sense of humour, preferences and favourites. \"You know,\" Owen started, changing the subject as Abby's golden hair waved down her shoulders. \"You've changed.\" Abby's face dropped as he spoke. She swung her legs over and off of the bed. \"..What..?\" She asked. \"Not in a bad way! But, you seem deeper. You're not so empty as before..\" He trailed off, not knowing how to phrase what he was trying to say. Abby smiled slightly. \"Of course I have, Owen. I was empty, and I was soulless. You're insignificant until you feel someone's love, and I felt yours. I felt your love and you filled that gap, Owen. Without you, I wouldn't have grown. Both mentally and spiritually...\" She placed a kiss on his cheek, her lips parting perfectly and delicately. He smiled. \"I'm so tired.\" Owen yawned as he put the pan of beans on the stove. Abby nodded in agreement. \"We'll get some sleep, but tomorrow we're heading to the city.\" She said as they both rested their heads on their pillows so they faced each other. \"Are there any jewellery stores around these parts?\" Owen whispered, his eyes droopy. \"Yeah, in the inner city. It shouldn't be too hard, but we should keep to the back streets in order to protect me from the sunlight. Although it is winter, so it'll probably be pretty dark and dingy tomorrow anyway.\" They lay in silence, only able to see faint outlines of the other due to the dark. \"Owen.\" Abby whimpered. \"What?\" He asked, his eyes closed. \"Come 'ere.\" She asked, her eyes pleading. Owen opened one eye, followed by the other. He swung his legs off of the bed and made his way to Abby's mattress. He got down on her knees, making sure he was eye level with her. \"Yes?\" He asked, smiling. She pulled the back of his neck forward, so their lips almost touched. \"It's pretty cold,\" She said. \"Share?\" Owen grinned and nodded as he lifted the duvet cover, and slid his body into the bed next to Abby. \"It's pretty cramped..\" He whispered, settling himself down. Abby rested her head on his chest, wrapping her arms around him in a hug. \"It's ironic,\" He chuckled. \"You don't get cold.\" \"Exactly.\" She smiled, looking up into his eyes and snuggling closer into his shoulder. Abby and Owen kicked their way through the slushy melting snow, holding a large umbrella as the rain trickled down. \"I'm glad we bought this cheap umbrella. Stops the rain and the sun.\" Abby grinned, her hair slightly damp with rain and her skin a perfect porcelain. The couple had been walking to the inner city for just under an hour, one hundred dollars in Owen's pocket for the ring. \"There is it,\" Abby pointed. \"Right over there.\" On the street surrounded by skyscrapers, banks, department stores and hotels was a small but elegant jewellery store. Yellow taxis rolled through the slushy snow, and hurried people in winter coats. \"It's pretty busy out here. C'mon, let's go get the ring.\" A bell rung as the door to the jewellery store opened. It was warm and homey inside, with a thick red carpet lining the floor, and polished brass bars decorating the room in appropriate places. \"Hello, we were wondering if we could browse your collection of silver jewellery?\" Owen asked, resting his elbows on the counter. A short, stout man in his early sixties led him and Abby round to a cabinet, using a small key to unlock and remove a tray of silver rings. \"What kind of price would you be asking for, sir?\" The cashier asked, grinning. Owen slammed the dollar notes on the counter. \"What can one hundred dollars buy?\" He asked. The cashier stared, confused, before beginning to smirk. He took a plain silver ring, complete with some simple carvings, and pushed the box towards Owen. \"Ninety dollars. Take it or leave it.\" He shrugged. Owen took ten dollars from the counter, along with the boxed ring. \"I'll take it. Thanks!\" He grinned, taking Abby by the hand. \"Owen, wait. You go on ahead and get some lunch, I'll meet you in Barnes & Noble – the one we passed on the way here. I just want to check out some of the other jewellery.\" She smiled as he released her hand, his eyebrows lowered in suspicion. \"Okay,\" He nodded. \"I'll meet you there.\" Owen pulled open the door, looking back at Abby who now stood alone in the jewellery store.[Chapter 6] Change the Locks Chapter Six Owen browsed a shelf of cookery books in Barnes & Noble, picking the occasional one off the shelf to skim the blurb with his eyes. His eyes would flash to entrance every few seconds, constantly checking for the fair-haired girl with porcelain skin to walk through the door any second. He was starting to get worried. Meanwhile, Abby grinned and waved goodbye to the cashier of the jewellery store as she opened the door to leave, ninety dollars lighter than when she entered. She stood outside the shop, regaining her bearings before strolling through the slush to the curb of the sidewalk. She awkwardly weaved in and out of the cars in gridlock and hopped over the curb on the other side, being careful not to slip and fall on the icy snow that hadn't worn away on the street corner, despite the crowds of people that had already walked over it that morning. Barnes & Noble was only a few streets away, and she could roughly remember its location due to living in Aurora in the past. Abby glanced at her watch. 9:46am. No wonder it was quiet – most people had already arrived at school and work, most people were already dying of boredom in offices, and most people had already finished their morning coffee to keep them awake. Looking around, Abby realised the street was empty. The traffic had subsided, with only a few cars still rolling around the streets. She immediately made her way to the high street; surely it would be busier, not to mention safer. The snow on the sidewalks became thicker as the streets narrowed and Abby's footsteps became less and less audible. By this point she was totally alone, with only the crunch of the snow to keep her company. \"Hello..?\" She whispered, the hairs on the back of her neck pricking upwards. No reply. Her hands dug into her pockets as she increased her walking speed. Something was following her, she could just sense it. She turned swiftly, checking for someone behind her. \"Hello?\" She called, slightly louder, as an echo rebounded from the buildings surrounding her. Only a few more streets, a few more turns. Then Abby knew she'd be safe. After walking to the end of the street, a flicker of movement caught the corner of Abby's eye; sending her into a fit of panic. That's when she turned. Her throat was hoarse and her mouth was dry. And for the first time in years, she was scared. Abby's eyes focused, surveying the perimeter. Run. Her legs took off, carrying her flawlessly around every corner at speeds higher than that of an average human. But, of course, she wasn't human. Adrenaline gushed around her body, filling her with fearful and panicked emotions as she sprinted down the empty streets, something she couldn't have felt a few months back. She knew something threatening was upon her. Racing through one last frosted alley, Abby broke out into a crowd of people doing late Christmas shopping, their arms heavy with paper bags. She fell to her knees and the threatening presence she felt pursuing her vanished quite suddenly. After sitting in the snow for several minutes, Abby tilted her head to see the Barnes & Noble storefront, and took to her feet once more in order to meet Owen within its compounds. \"Abby!\" Owen grinned as he saw Abby walk quickly down the aisle towards him. She fell into his arms, burying her head into his coat without even greeting him. \"Abby, you're shaking, are you okay?\" Owen asked anxiously, holding her tight. He lifted her body from his, in order to see the state she was in. Her bottom lip was shaking and her breathing was unsteady. He muttered a cuss under her breath and held her body close to his. \"Something was following me,\" Abby began. \"I don't know what it was. Male, female, human, animal? I don't know. But it was powerful and it was horrifying. I ran. I mean, what else could I have done?\" She broke out into tears, her cries soaking Owen's jacket and her muscles clenching with every sob. Owen held her close, calming her as well as he could. \"Look at me,\" he lifted her chin so their eyes met. \"We need to stick together. Don't part off, unless you need to hunt. We need to get out of Aurora as soon as we can.\" Abby simply nodded in agreement, the fabric of Owen's coat muffling most of her cries. Abby burst through the door of the basement, her clothes drenched in blood. Owen immediately ran to her, embracing a hug despite her blood-soaked jacket. \"Are you okay? Everything went smooth? Didn't get attacked? Nothing unsett..\" Owen began before Abby cut across him. \"Owen. When I'm ravenous, I'm indestructible.\" She smiled, unzipping her jacket and throwing it into the washing machine casually. Owen let out a sigh of relief; she was safe. \"Jumped a guy a few blocks further into the city. Alone, of course. It was a good, should last me a few days; maybe even a week.\" She took of her jeans and threw them in with the jacket. Owen couldn't help but glance at her bare legs. \"Great.\" He grinned as she slipped on some cotton trousers. Her t-shirt remained stain-free. The two slipped into their beds, lying with their heads facing one another. \"I just remembered something.\" Abby said, breaking the silence. \"What?\" Owen asked. \"When we first met, you said I smelt strange.\" Owen's stomach sank and the corners of his mouth tugged upwards slightly as he blushed. \"But you smell fine now! And that's what matters.\" He winked, knowing his comment would aggravate her. \"Shut up,\" she grinned. \"You don't smell all that great yourself, in all honestly.\" As she spoke, a pillow came flying at her, and she sunk into the mattress in a fit of giggles. \"One more pillow for me then!\" She teased before throwing it back to Owen who caught it with his free hand. They lay in silence, occasionally reminiscing about their times in Los Alamos, laughing themselves to sleep with their memories resting peacefully in their minds. Abby sat up in bed, turning to see Owen sleeping soundly in the bed next to her. She couldn't sleep with this ominous feeling in the air. The presence she felt earlier had returned. Abby made her way cautiously through the dark, and turned the door knob. Fresh air flooded her nostrils as she stepped out, barefoot, onto the steps outside the basement door. A weight crushed her to the floor. She screamed as the being above her clawed at her body. Owen awoke. Adrenaline gushed. He rushed to help. Adrenaline gushed. Abby lurched forward, her body engulfing her attacker. It's red eyes were a signal; it was a vampire. One of her own kind. But it was the lowest of the low. \"Abby, come inside!\" Owen screamed, tears soaking his cheeks. But, with Owen's blessing, both Abby and the deranged vampire rolled into the basement – their bodies thrashing. And all Owen could do was watch as Abby mangled the vampire. She unleashed her power on its body, beating the life from it. It was difficult, but she was the victor. Owen rushed to Abby's side, and immediately inspected a gash which has been affected the left side of her body, going from the left shoulder blade to the left side of the stomach. It was deep. His face still damp with tears, he shakily removed her t-shirt and wrapped a thick bandage from his first aid box around Abby's wound. \"I'll be fine,\" she insisted. \"I've suffered worse; a vampire can heal almost anything within a week.\" Owen looked to her, his mouth open in horror. She smiled weakly, and promptly fainted in his arms as the body of the deranged vampire burst into flames and then slowly burnt out into a bed of nothing.[Chapter 7] Change the Locks Chapter Seven Owen lay in his bed, cradling Abby's sleeping body in his arms. She seemed fine, and relatively unharmed; however her skin was glistened with a sweaty philm and she was shivering ever so slightly. Suddenly her eyelids threw themselves wide open, and she slowly twisted her neck to look at Owen. \"Abby! Good morning,\" he smiled as he sat up to help her immediately. \"You're awake! Are you hurt? You're okay, right? Oh my god, we need to get you some help..\" Abby cut him off as she sat up. \"Owen, I'm a vampire. We heal so rapidly that it's impossible to die or even get severely injured by anything but a stake. Yeah, it hurts a little still and, yeah, I've suffered a couple of nasty symptoms too; but I'm fine now.\" She smiled, placing her hand on his shoulder to reassure him that she was okay. Now that she'd awoken, Abby looked as healthy as she'd been before the attack - if not better. Owen smiled; despite his worries, she believed she was okay. \"But you bled.. You bled blood.\" His eyebrows lowered as he looked at the blood soaked bandages and sheets. \"Yes, of course,\" she replied. \"My veins contain blood. It's just different from yours. Here, look.\" Abby removed her bandage, revealing an almost healed gash on her side. She offered Owen the bandage, and he carefully placed his index finger onto the pool of fresh blood. Ice cold. \"It's cold..\" He exclaimed, surprised. \"It's not like your blood. It's not like anyone's blood. It's special, only people like me have this stuff running through all their veins and whatnot. The unfortunate thing is that, if ingested by another vampire, it's lethal. Therefore, you have to be careful who you bite; if they happen to be a vampire then it's all over for you.\" She explained, walking to the sink to clean the dried blood from her wound. \"But, you can sense who's a vampire and who isn't, right? So you know who to bite and who not to bite?\" Owen asked, pretty sure that she'd have a witty method of explaining that this wasn't always the case. \"You know that silver ring you bought? It's like that - it's used to shield me from the sunlight. Different shields can be used for different things. Some can shield you from detection from other vampires, meaning that you're less likely to be hunted down and attacked.\" Abby threw a blood-soaked tissue into the bin as she spoke. \"Oh yeah, speaking of that ring.\" Owen said, retrieving it from the bag. Abby looked to him and turned off the tap before going to sit at his side. \"Take it out of the box.\" She ordered, her face straight and her voice monotone. Owen opened the beautifully wrapped box and removed the ring, which gleamed spectacularly in the lamplight. \"Place it on my middle finger.\" She continued. He did so, and the ring slid perfectly onto her bone. Silence. Nothing happened, nothing moved. Everything was still and quiet. Then, as Owen squinted, he noticed black streaks swelling up the lines of Abby's palm and backhand; travelling outwards from the ring. Abby's breathing became uneven and heavy, and her iris glistened silver as veins travelled up her neck. She grunted and grimaced, pain overwhelming her. \"Abby!\" Owen shouted, attempting to remove the ring from Abby's finger. \"Leave it. Leave it!\" Abby's voice bellowed, octaves lower than her natural tone - totally demonic. Owen felt something force him back, his chest felt pushed. Before he knew it, his back was against the wall and all he could do was watch as Abby suffered an unspeakable amount of pain from the ring. It was glowing, emitting a white light which caused Owen to shield his eyes with his hand, blocking his view. Suddenly everything stopped, and Owen removed his hand to see Abby laying on the bed, panting, and the lightbulb swinging from the ceiling above. \"Abby!\" Owen ran to the tap to fill up a cup. Abby sat up and grabbed it from his hand, gulping down mouthfuls of water between gasps of air. Her middle finger was swollen and red, but the ring was intact. \"What was that?!\" Owen asked, her eyes brimming with tears. \"No pain,\" she gasped. \"No gain.\" She removed the ring to reveal a scar on the palm-side of her middle finger. Abby slid the ring back onto her finger and turned to smile at Owen. \"I'm fine.\" She grinned, her teeth gritted. \"So..so now the sun can't hurt you?\" Owen stuttered. She shook her head to confirm that she was now immune to the sunlight. The couple sat in silence. \"We need to do something today instead of just sit in this room.\" Owen suggested, breaking the silence. \"Agreed,\" Abby nodded her head before standing up. \"But I don't know what we could do. I mean, there isn't really that much to do in..\" She trailed off, and both her and Owen's eyes were directed at a red stain on the mattress that Abby had been sitting on. \"One second, Owen.\" Abby said, her eyes brimming with tears as she quickly walked to the tiny bathroom in the corner of the room, picking up a fresh pair of jeans as she entered. Owen sat in silence, glancing at the red stain occasionally. Suddenly the toilet door burst open and a wet-cheeked Abby walked quickly from the bathroom wearing the fresh pants as she threw the others onto her bed. \"Owen, I know where we need to go.\" \"Where?\" He asked. \"A Walmart, or a convenience store or something. Now, come on. No questions, I'll explain on the way.\" Owen and Abby walked briskly through the slushy snow to a small convenience store they'd seen on their way to the jewellers the other day. \"Okay, Owen. There's something you need to know. When a vampire is wounded by another vampire, it is possible for them to be affected badly. It's rare - but it's possible,\" Abby began as Owen nodded. \"And, last night, I was attacked; as you know. So, there is a chance that I have been badly affected by this attack.\" \"Get to the point, Abby.\" Owen interrupted, losing his patience. Abby sighed. \"You know vampires don't age, right? Well, the anti-aging ability of mine has been shut down. I'm liable to aging now.\" She let out a gasp of relief, thankful she'd got the explanation off of her chest. Owen looked at the ground. \"Right.. Well, it can't be all that bad. I age and it hasn't done me any harm.\" He smiled. \"I know, I know. Aging isn't the problem. It's the hassles that come with it, being a vampire. And a girl .\" Abby emphasised the final word, for reasons unknown to Owen. \"I don't really see how it makes a difference..?\" He stated, not sure if he was asking a question or not. Abby sighed. \"How do you even know that you're aging, it could be anything?\" Owen asked. Abby pinched the bridge of her nose, Owen's lack of knowledge frustrating her. \"I started my period, okay?\" She exclaimed, turning to Owen and stopping in the middle of the empty sidewalk. His face went white as he stared at her. \"That's how I know,\" she continued. \"That's how I know that my anti-aging abilities have shut down. You know what they are - right?\" She asked, raising the level of awkwardness. Owen nodded enthusiastically, hoping to avoid an explanation. \"Good.\" Abby smiled sarcastically before turning and continuing to walk to the convenience store. \"So, why are we going to the convenience store?\" He asked after her. Abby gave a frustrated scream, directed towards Owen, as a reply. \"Gosh,\" he muttered. \"It sure is her time of the month..\" Abby threw packets of sanitary products into the basket, muttering inaudible things under her breath as Owen followed her awkwardly around the store, which contained only a handful of customers. The couple sauntered down every isle, throwing various essentials (such as tissues, simple pieces of clothing, new bed linen and toiletries) into the basket as they did so. Owen, of course, bought two regular tubes of candy and added them to the basket. Abby unloaded the contents of the basket onto the counter, blushing slightly as the cashier put the sanitary items into a paper bag, along with the other items. \"That'll be $22.56, thanks.\" He handed her the paper bag in return for a pile of crumpled notes and coins. \"Thank you.\" Abby whispered under her breath. As Owen and Abby made their way towards the exit, the cashier's voice reached them. \"Shouldn't you two be at school?\" He asked suspiciously. \"Home-schooled.\" Owen blurted. \"School's shut.\" Abby replied at the same time as Owen. There was a silence until Owen corrected himself and Abby. \"The boiler at school is broken.. So it's been shut down until the boiler is functioning properly again. That's why we're at home instead of going to school.\" He smiled, trying to convince the cashier as well as he could. He obviously wasn't convinced. \"Right. Okay then, thanks for coming.\" The cashier smiled weakly, one eyebrow still raised in suspicion. Abby and Owen quickly scurried out of the shop, the cashier watching them as they did so. \"Should've thought that through better.\" Owen mumbled, popping a chew in his mouth. \"Yeah, well, what else was I supposed to do?\" Abby asked, slightly irritated. Owen didn't answer - he knew it was rhetorical. Abby unlocked the door, offering Owen the right of way. He declined, ladies first. \"I'm sorry. I know I'm in a bad mood.\" She smiled as an apology for the squabble earlier that morning. Owen smiled back. \"It's okay, Abby.\" He kissed her cheek, her skin cold to touch. They stood in an embrace for a few minutes. \"We need to move, Owen.\" Abby whispered, still hugging Owen. \"Why?\" He replied, surprised. \"Look how easy it was last night. That vampire attacked me so easily, it's not safe here. And the door has been so bashed in; it barely locks.\" Abby explained. \"Okay, good point. When do we leave?\" Owen asked. \"Tomorrow night. To Las Vegas.\" \"Tomorrow?!\" Owen pulled away from Abby. \"Yes, Owen. It's not safe, we need I leave as soon as possible. We were never going to stay here for long anyway, it's just a safe house.\" Abby insisted, her eyes pleading. Owen sighed and spoke after a minute. \"Okay. Okay, we'll pack.\" He smiled, and Abby wrapped her arms around him, lifting her foot slightly in a girlish fancy. Owen lay in bed with Abby, their arms clutching each other's bodies. \"Last night scared me, you know. I thought you were gonna die.\" Owen whispered. \"What would you do if I died?\" Abby asked, looking Owen in the eye. He stared at her in silence. \"I wouldn't let you die.\" He replied seriously. \"But if you had no effect, if you couldn't help. And I died, and there was nothing you could do. What would you do if I died?\" She asked once more. They lay in silence. \"Then I'd kill myself.\" He eventually answered. Abby gasped quietly, unable to believe someone would do such a thing to be with her. She kissed his lips, almost thanking him for his decision. The next morning Owen dragged a case of luggage up the steps of the basement, followed by Abby. \"Hail a cab?\" He asked, Abby replying with a nod.[Chapter 8] Change the Locks Chapter Eight Los Alamos, New Mexico - April 16 th 1983 \"So, if there was one thing you could say to your son right now, then what would it be?\" A reporter gestured his microphone to his interviewee. \"Owen.\" She looked directly at the camera, \"come home. We just want you back, baby. Come home to mommy and daddy. We love you, Owen.\" Owen's mother sobbed, her newly-divorced husband standing by her side – full of fake empathy; he was really only there to support Owen's return to Los Alamos. Denver, Colorado – April 16 th 1983 Owen stood outside the pharmacy, his vision blankly darting around. That's when his eyes caught sight of a television broadcast in the shopping mall. The hair on the back of his neck stood on end. \"Oh my God. Abby! Abby!\" Owen turned, running into the pharmacy, peering down every isle until he found the girl. \"Abby, you need to see this.\" He dragged her from the store, she had no option but to see the broadcast. \"Owen, what is it?\" She asked, trying to stop him from pulling her any further. \"I'm on the television.\" Everything went still, and Abby's jaw dropped open. A missing children's report aired on ABC News that morning, including interviews with the boy's parents. Owen's parents. Abby grabbed Owen's free hand, dragging him out of the shopping mall and through the bustling crowd of people. \"We need to get out here right now.\" She stated through gritted teeth. \"Yeah, agreed. We can walk to Union Station if we move quickly.\" Owen agreed as he picked up his pace to walk alongside Abby. He wasn't quite sure of what he was going to do, he was now wanted nation-wide and he knew he would be immediately reunited with his parents if he was found. \"Abby, what am I going to do?\" Owen asked after turning down a quieter street. She turned to him, placing her hands on his shoulders. \"You can't go back. Not after we've come so far. We just need to keep you at a low-profile until we get to Las Vegas.\" She explained, pouting her lips into a sly grin. \"What will Vegas do? It's not like I'm going to be completely invincible to the public eye – people will recognise me! It's over, Abby. I'm just going to be sent back home, no matter how hard I try.\" Owen explained, tears brimming over his lower eyelids. He turned to walk back down the deserted street, not exactly knowing where he was headed – as long as it wasn't Vegas. \"Owen!\" Abby shouted after him, \"Owen, give me a chance to explain!\" Like his, her eyes were wet with tears as she began jogging after him. Once there was a mere three metres between them, Owen turned to look at Abby. She stood in the cold air, snowflakes fluttering from the sky, down onto the black sweater she had worn the day they'd met. \"You're right. Vegas won't make you invincible; it can't go so far as to do that. But I want to help you, Owen, I really do. And I'm one of the few people who can, and you know that too. So just give me a little time and just hear me out – just listen to what I have to say. Because, right now, you're not listening.\" Abby pleaded through bitter sobs. Owen nodded, not wanting to see Abby in such pain. \"We can get you more money, we can get you a safer place to stay and we can get you a new passport – one that'll shield your identity. But only in Vegas, Owen. And the sooner we get to Vegas, the sooner you'll be safe. That passport is the key, if anyone asks for identification, it's your proof. But until then, you have to lay low. You can do it, trust me. Just..\" She stuttered, the salty taste of her tears tinging her taste buds. \"Just one more push.\" Owen stared at her, taking in each piece of information and considering it carefully. How could he have been so stupid? He came so far with Abby, and without her, he wouldn't be standing on that deserted street with a beautiful girl whom he loved only metres away. He would be kneeling over a toilet bowl, with Kenny's hand gripping his drowned head. \"Yes. Yes. Of course. How could I say 'no'? Lately I've been thinking about everything good that has ever happened to me, Abby.\" Owen began, sitting down on a mound of snow that may have once been a snowman, \"and when I could all of my favourite aspects of life, and all of my favourite memories – you're featured in every single one of them.\" Abby joined him on the mound of snow, flattered by his comments. \"I guess I've lived multiple lifetimes. But if I had to pick one of those lifetimes, one I was going to be frozen in forever, then I'd pick this one. Without a doubt. And do you know why? Because of you, Owen. I was a sad, lonely girl whose life was just so empty. But you turned me into a different person – you introduced so much happiness into my life that it would just be morally incorrect to turn back now.\" Abby smiled through her tears, peering at Owen. The corners of his mouth twitched their way into a smile as he turned to look at her. And, simultaneously, they both leant forward into a hug. A silent hug. But those are the best kind. They're so meaningful and you know exactly what the other person is trying to relay, and yet they are so silent. \"Let's get moving.\" Owen smiled, his head still resting on Abby's shoulder. She nodded, wiping the tears from her eye and stepping up from the snowy mound, his hand in hers. \"Two train tickets for your earliest train to Reno, Nevada, please.\" Owen smiled, pushing several notes across a counter to the ticket salesman. He simply pushed the two tickets back, no questions asked. \"We have about an hour until the train arrives at the platform. We should use it to plan our route to Las Vegas.\" Abby suggested, looking at the tickets. \"There's several bus routes from Reno to Vegas, I studied the map in the cab on the way here.\" Owen smirked, hoping his quick-thinking would be praised. Abby grinned in response. \"Good thinking, map boy.\"[Chapter 9] Change the Locks Chapter Nine Owen and Abby sat facing each other, next to window, leaning their arms on the table between them. \"So once we get to Vegas, then what?\" Owen asked, almost as if he wanted Abby to be stuck for an answer. To his dismay, she wasn't. \"I've been here before, many times. We get a cab to the Las Vegas Strip from the bus station – somewhat close to the Caesars Palace Casino. Then I'll take us where we need to go.\" She smirked, outwitting Owen easily. \"Caesars Palace? I've only ever seen it in movies, damn it. I never thought I'd even get anywhere near Vegas; let alone stand on the Strip, only metres from Caesars Palace.\" He turned to look out of the window. The sun was blazing down onto the rocks, as if they were sizzling. There was practically no foliage, except from the occasional tumbleweeds and balls of dried plant which rolled along the dusty soil. \"Don't get too excited.\" Abby leaned back in her seat, \"it's still around six hours of travelling from Reno to Vegas.\" \"I know. But, hey. All the travelling will be over by tomorrow night.\" Owen smiled, looking on the bright side. She grinned back in agreement. Tomorrow night. They entertained themselves with games and conversation, but there wasn't really much else they could do. The trip from Denver to Las Vegas was scheduled to last a day and a half to two days - starting with a seven hour train journey from Denver – through Utah - to Reno, Nevada. Then, both Abby and Owen planned to stay in a small motel in Reno before travelling on a coach to Vegas the following morning. From the coach station, they would finally hail a taxi to the Las Vegas Strip where they would find a place to stay whilst Abby's 'friend' helped them obtain forged passports and money. Owen awoke with a jolt. He remembered the last time he was in this situation; Abby sat, curled up, in a trunk by his knees. This time, however, she was sitting across the table from him, dozing lightly. He turned to look outside the window – the sun was setting above a red-roasted rock. Owen's vision was still relatively blurry, but he could certainly see that sunset. Glancing between the window and Abby, he couldn't differentiate their beauty. Abby awoke with a jolt. Her eyes widened, not needing a chance to adjust their vision before she peered at her watch – only half an hour until their stop. She let out a sigh of relief. She couldn't have lasted another hour on the train, it was just so stuffy and there was practically no ventilation. Luckily, she'd only been sleeping for a couple of hours. \"Owen.\" She whispered, nudging at his shoulder. His eyelids fluttered open. \"Yeah?\" He mumbled. \"We need to get off in half an hour.\" Abby continued. Owen lifted his head with excitement. \"Thank God!\" Owen grinned. He, too, didn't exactly enjoy train travel. The exit door of Amtrak Station in Reno swung open, allowing two twelve-year-old to step outside. It was just gone eleven at night, but they could easily find a motel of some sort that would let them stay for one night. Albeit, a seedy one. \"If I remember rightly, I know of a motel around this area.\" Abby said, looking around. Owen had to laugh under his breathe – he just couldn't believe it. How did she know everything ? \"How do you know all of this?\" He asked, as if slightly frustrated. Abby turned to him, frowning. \"How do you think I got to Aurora in the first place? How do you think I got to Los Alamos? I'm simply backtracking, it's not as hard as you think.\" She explained. Seemed reasonable. Moments later, they stood outside a seedy motel with a dimly lit sign. Abby smiled weakly at Owen, almost sarcastically. She knew it was a pretty crappy place. They both did. \"Hello.\" Abby introduced herself at the receptionist's desk; if you could call it that, \"this is short notice, I know, but do you happen to have a spare room for tonight?\" She asked, smiling, like the twelve-year-old sweetheart she wasn't. The motel clerk smirked a drunken smirk (he'd obviously had one too many) and slammed an almost empty check-in book on the counter, complete with a chewed pen. Abby masked her disgust as she scribbled an incorrect name between the lines. \"So how much will that be? For just one night?\" She asked, still grinning. The clerk simply pointed to a shabby notice on the door – it stated that a one-night-stay would cost only twenty-five dollars per room. Perfect. \"Thanks.\" Abby flashed one last smile as she slid the hotel room keys off of the counter top and followed the signs to their room. A mixture of smells dispersed themselves along the corridors; marijuana, fresh urine, cigarettes, sweat and sour milk. After delving into the stanching corridors, Abby and Owen eventually found their room. Surprisingly, it was immaculate. It didn't smell pleasant, but it wasn't highly unpleasant either. Otherwise, the sheets were clean and the facilities were reasonable. The room was more than adequate. \"One bed.\" Owen stated, placed their single case on the bed. \"Yes?\" Abby questioned, as if there wasn't a problem. \"So we'll be sleeping together.. I mean, in the same bed.\" He blushed as she nodded, biting her lip slightly. \"Yes, problem? We do it most nights, I don't see why tonight would be much different..\" Abby climbed onto the bed in order to reach Owen and slowly plant a kiss on his cheek, slightly trapped his skin between her lips. \"I'll change.\" She whispered, after pulling away from Owen. He nodded, clicking the latches on the case open. Abby removed an oversized t-shirt and a simple pair of shorts before making her way into the bathroom to slip into something more comfortable. According to Abby's watch, it was 1:24am. Her and Owen lay under the covers, his hand on her cheek and vice versa. Their eyes delved into each other's, and no other words were needed. They were both perfectly content with just lying in that motel room for eternity. The mood was flawless, and the moment was perfect. \"Please don't go away.\" Abby whispered.[Chapter 10] Change the Locks Chapter Ten The hair on the back of Abby's neck prickled. She lifted her head, slowly rolling her eyes around their sockets in order to look around the darkened room. Nothing. As she rested her head back down onto the pillow, her vision flickered across the analogue clock on the bedside table. 7:47am. \"Holy crap.\" Abby simply stated, with almost no surprise in her voice despite the inconvenience of only having twenty-eight minutes to get to the bus station. She lightly slapped Owen's cheeks, bringing him round to consciousness before opening the curtains and letting streams of light flood into the room. \"Owen, wake up.\" Abby whispered, \"I forgot to set the alarm clock; we have twenty-eight minutes. Make that twenty-seven.\" Owen groaned as she spoke, but sat up - wide awake - as soon as he realised that they had less than half an hour to get to the coach. He leapt out of bed, slipping some jeans over his boxers whilst hopping on one foot and rubbing his eyes with his shoulder. Predictably, he tumbled onto the bed – resulting in fits of laughter from both Abby and Owen. \"I'll put on some clothes. Some proper clothes.\" Abby said through suppressed laughter as she clutched a knitted jumper, underwear, a scarf and some denim blue drainpipe jeans before making her way to the bathroom to shower and change. Owen nodded, slipping on a simple t-shirt and a coat. \"I'll slip on my sneakers and make sure we've got everything in the case.\" He called after her. Abby checked-out at the motel lobby, sliding the twenty-five dollars across the counter. The motel clerk (who was surprisingly sober) counted the money as he muttered a farewell under his breath. 7:56am. \"Could we walk?\" Owen asked, munching on an apple. \"We could try.\" She smiled, grabbing Owen's hand and dragging him through the street in the direction they had come the night before. Reno looked a lot different in the sunlight. They walked briskly through the streets, Owen holding the case and Abby concentrating on directions. \"Abby.\" Owen called. \"Not now, Owen, I'm trying to concentrate.\" She replied, massaging her temples. \"But Abby..\" Owen muttered, \"Abby. Abby. Abby? Abby! Abby, it's 8:11am, c'mon. Abby, listen. Abby! Abby!\" \"What!?\" She growled, silencing him. Owen pointed to a sign. \"The bus station is down there.\" He continued to point to the street which was marked on the sign. \"Oh.\" Abby frowned, her ego sinking. Owen grinned – he'd finally got one over on her. The sound of tyres rolling down the road broke the silence, and Abby turned to see their bus on its way to the station. \"Owen, run.\" The couple sprinted down the road, Abby far ahead of Owen who was juggling the suitcase around his arms. She skidded to stop outside the bus station, causing Owen to crash into her – dropping the suitcase onto the steps. Abby pulled him up, and dragged him inside without letting him brush himself down. The bus pulled up just as Owen retrieved the pre-booked tickets from his coat pocket; Abby snatched a single ticket from his grasp and handed it to the ticket-puncher before piling onto the bus with the other passengers, closely followed by Owen. He pushed the suitcase into the overhead locker before taking his seat next to Abby who was already scratching pencil marks, which resembled travel routes, into a makeshift map of Las Vegas. \"Why don't you do it later? You'll need some form of entertainment on this journey; it is a seven hour drive, after all.\" Owen suggested. Abby ignored him, continuing to scratch marks into the map. He simply sighed and leant back on his seat as the coach started up. Abby made one last mark and put the pencil down. \"But I have you.\" She smiled, resting her head on his shoulder. So she hadn't ignored him. \"Have you ever been to see a movie?\" Owen asked suddenly, awakening Abby from her light dose. \"No, why?\" She replied, her head still rested on his shoulder but her eyes wide open. \"You've never seen a movie before?\" He asked, shocked. \"I'd never seen a Rubik's cube before I met you, what do you expect?\" She chuckled. Owen didn't respond. \"When we get a chance then I'll take you to one.\" He suggested after a few seconds of silence. Abby lifted her head from Owen's shoulder grinning in disbelief. \"Really?\" She asked, genuinely. He nodded in response. \"I don't see why not. We can get popcorn and Slurpee's! Well, at least I can..\" Owen's grin dropped. Abby giggled and kissed him on the cheek before resting her head on his shoulder once more, beaming. \"I really don't mind. But, I'll admit, you still are so sweet.\" She whispered, causing Owen to chuckle quietly. \"That reminds me – popcorn. I'm thinking salty?\" Owen laughed, changing the subject deliberately. Abby giggled, snuggling up into his neck even further. \"I think you should get sweet popcorn – after all, you are what you eat.\" The coach pulled up at a service station at around noon. \"You getting off?\" Owen asked, slipping out of his seat himself. Abby nodded – she hadn't eaten in a several days and this was the perfect opportunity to cover her tracks. She slid across the seats and hopped off the coach, just behind Owen. As the flock of bus passengers began walking into the station, Abby peeled off from the crowd, making her way to a simple block of restrooms which was isolated from the main service station. Abby silently removed the scarf from her neck, twisting it into a loop. She could smell nicotine and smoke; someone was smoking nearby. Abby focused her mind, searching for the smoker inside her head. He was behind the toilet block, peering out at the countryside fields, over the wire fence. Suddenly the fabric of the scarf chaffed his neck and his air supply was immediately cut off, leaving him unconscious. Abby's canines tingled as they began glistening with serration. She sank the pearly white blades into the smoker's neck, and drank the blood like air – the crimson liquid trickling down her throat like lava and the metallic tang electrifying her taste buds. After draining the body, Abby wrapped the scarf around her mouth and scurried into the toilet block to cleanse her face of the scarlet treacle layering her face. Using the scarf, she mopped the blood from her mouth and watched it swirl down the plug of the sink. She had only five minutes to return to the bus after moving the body. The body of the smoker was surprisingly light, making the job of dragging it to the toilets without smearing the floor with blood relatively easy. Abby swung the scarf around the metal bar supporting the doors of the toilet cubicles and knotted it tightly, strong enough to suspend the body from. Abby left the toilets, leaving behind the body of middle-aged man swinging a couple of centimetres above the tiled floor. \"Where were you?\" Owen asked after both him and Abby had returned to their seats. \"Eating.\" She whispered quietly. Owen's face spoke for him. It simply said: \"Ah.\" By 4:00pm, the coach was rolling along the outskirts of Las Vegas, a sliver of neon orange setting on the horizon as the lights of Las Vegas twinkled in the distance. Owen tapped Abby vigorously on the shoulder, grabbing her attention before gesturing to the sunset. \"It's beautiful..\" He whispered under his breath. \"Yep. I've seen it many-a times.\" Abby smiled weakly, \"see, I thought that when I left Vegas about a year ago, it'd be the last time I'd ever see it and I wished .. God, I wished that I'd be able to see it again. Always knew I wouldn't. Guess I was wrong. It sure is nice to be able to watch the sun set. Without you, it wouldn't have been possible.\" Owen smiled, content that he'd fulfilled a wish of Abby's. Las Vegas Strip was blinding in the dark. At 5:00pm, Abby and Owen were but a couple of miles away from the Strip and it's collection of casinos and monuments. \"Vegas lights..\" Abby whispered through a delighted smile. \"You used to live here?!\" Owen asked, as if jealous. \"You could say that, yes.\" She smirked, turning away from the window to look at Owen. The coach pulled up to the bus station, the lights blurring both Abby and Owen's vision. They hailed a cab which, ten minutes later, dropped them on the sidewalk outside of Caesars Palace. \"Thanks for the ride.\" Owen smiled at the taxi driver, \"how much will it be?\" \"That's just ten dollars, kid. See you around!\" The taxi driver accepted Owen's money, grinned and saluted before driving off along the Strip. \"Where to?\" He asked, turning to Abby. The noise of traffic masked his voice. \"I'm sorry, what?\" Abby shouted over the noise of the various vehicles on the road. \"Where to?\" Owen repeated himself, shouting this time. Abby smiled, gesturing for him to follow her. \"Come, come.\" She said – or at least he thought that's what she said. You could barely hear her whispers over the racket of the road. Abby lead Owen along the sidewalk in the Vegas lights and through a plaza of palm trees to the entrance of Caesars Palace, canopied with a marble roof. It truly was beautiful. Owen and Abby slowed as they reached the entrance, strolling smartly through the brass lined doors which were held open by classy doormen. \"We're headed to the casino.\" Abby informed Owen, who agreed. He understood they wouldn't be staying in a place like this for too long – much too exclusive. Abby continued to lead Owen through the marbled building, in all its beauty. Suited men and their glamorous partners walked arm-in-arm across the polished floor to their limousines which awaited them outside, only inches from the crimson carpet – blatantly on their way to feast one's eyes on various Vegas showgirls in uptown casinos along the Strip, followed by an extortionately priced meal at a swanky restaurant – undoubtedly. \"Woah, woah, woah. Little lady, where you headed?\" A doorman asked, blocking Abby's path to the casino. \"There.\" She pointed to the casino, \"my daddy's waiting for me, I promised him I'd meet him at 6:00pm and it's 5:57pm now. Please, mister.\" Abby begged, warping her voice into one with a thick Southern accent. The doorman smiled. \"Well, little lady, I'm afraid I can't do that..\" As he spoke, a handsome young man (presumably in his mid-twenties) in a black tuxedo with white spats and glossy black hair – which was perfectly oiled down – approached the doorman. \"Excuse me, sir.\" The man in the spats spoke with the same Southern accent, \"the little lady's with me.\" The doorman stared at him, speechless. \"That's my daddy.\" Abby pointed, still warping her Southern accent to match that of her father's . The doorman stood aside to let Abby pass, but gripped Owen's shoulder. \"Hey. What about this one?\" He called to Abby and the man in the spats. There was an awkward silence as the man in the spats and an anxious Abby turned to stare. \"I'm just screwing with you, little bro!\" The man in the spats suddenly burst out through laughter before walking back up to Owen and giving him a hug, \"he's with me too!\" The man in the spats encouraged Owen to smile convincingly. The doorman nodded nervously, letting his grip on Owen's shoulder go as Abby and the man in spats dragged him into the riddles of fruit machines and poker tables. Abby hugged the man in the spats as they stood in the emptier side of the casino. \"How are you, Abby?\" He asked, his Southern accent still prominent. \"I'm fine. Told you I'd be back, didn't I?\" She asked rhetorically, \"this is Owen.\" Abby pulled Owen by the arm so he stood by her side. \"Well, it's a real pleasure to meet you Owen – I've heard so much about you.\" He shook Owen's hand with a beaming grin on his face, \"well, about five minutes-worth about you. Abby called me, said she needed my help. I'm here to clear your name, buddy. And my name? Jasper Henri-Clement, but I go by Jasper if it's a little hard to get your tongue around that; it sure is a mouthful, after all.\" Jasper introduced himself, a lock of hair coming loose from its flawless set of hair oil. Abby cleared her throat. \"Jasper is the grandson of an extremely kind man that helped me escape detection a few years back – his family have always been there for me when I've needed them to be.\" Abby explained, smiling to Jasper who politely returned the smile. \"It's the least we could do to help – without you, I wouldn't be here! So, Abby. Owen. What will it be? How may I be of service?\" Jasper asked. \"New passports for us both, bank accounts – complete with money. And, if it's not too much trouble, fake ID. We can't use them now, of course, but in a few years they'll be of considerable use.\" As Abby spoke, Jasper noted down details on a small notepad. \"Consider it done, just give me a couple of days.\" He grinned, clapping the notebook closed. \"Thank you so much, Jas.\" Abby beamed, wrapping his arms around his neck in a hug which Jasper happily embraced. \"I'll be in touch.\" Jasper said after whispering something inaudible into Abby's ear, \"and Owen – and friend of Abby's is a friend of mine. You're welcome to ask for help if you're ever in a tight spot. And, between you and me, congratulations. It's great to see that someone finally managed to pull Abby, and what a guy you are!\" Jasper winked, giving Owen a quick hug. \"Thanks, mister.\" Owen smiled in admiration. Abby and Owen turned to leave the Jasper to his fruit machines, and began walking through the blackjack sets to the exit. After leaving the casino, Owen made his way to the main entrance of Caesars Palace – expecting Abby to be closely behind. \"Owen?\" She called to him from the elevator, \"where are you going?\" \"We're leaving…right?\" He asked, confused. Abby shook her head and held up a key, smirking. \"What is life without a little indulgence one in a while?\" Abby asked, rhetorically. \" The keys to the Emperor's Suite, little lady.\" The man in the spats had whispered into Abby's ear.[Chapter 11] Change the Locks Chapter Eleven Owen twisted the key in the lock, listening for the perfect click of the latch retracting from the door frame. He pushed the door open, revealing the perfect hotel room. A circular living room was situated as the central point of the suite, whilst the bedrooms, bathrooms and workspaces were included in two side wings which were located at either side of the living room. Abby pushed past Owen, her mouth agape. \"It's amazing..\" She whispered, looking around the room. Owen broke free from his trance, laughing, before running down a set of steps and leaping onto one of the couches which was positioned in front of a television. Abby placed the suitcase on the coffee table in front of the couches. She glanced at Owen, who was flicking through the television channels despite the fact that, looking through the window, the view of the Strip was breath-taking. But she'd seen it all before. Abby explored the suite, admiring the immaculate bathrooms and their gloriously polished marble as well as the beautifully innovative bedroom layouts. The suite really was incredible. She reached the final bedroom, slowly running her fingers along the supple quilts until they reached a pile of perfectly positioned cushions which were embellished with frills of delicate silk. Her eyes rose from the sheets as she placed her hand on the window, looking out at the Strip. The lights of Vegas were enchanting – mesmerizing. \"Abby!\" Owen's call broke Abby's peaceful trance, startling her slightly. \"Yeah?\" She replied after a few moments, walking back through the labyrinth of rooms to find the central lounge. \"The police are following up a lead in Oregon! That's where they think I am!\" Owen grinned, glad that the recent events had bought them some time. Abby giggled with delight before running to Owen, wrapping her arms around his neck and planting a peck on his lips. \"I had an idea.\" She smirked, her arms still around his neck. \"What?\" Owen asked, smiling. After all, he couldn't stop. \"Well, considering the police are looking everywhere for you - following up every lead there is – I think it'd be wise if we basically make you look nothing like your current self.\" Abby beamed. Inside, Owen felt ever so slightly disappointed. Well, not disappointed , but the idea didn't exactly appeal to him. He grinned, attempting to convince Abby he was pleased with the idea. \"So, what were you thinking of exactly?\" He asked, still smiling awkwardly. Abby sighed, sitting down on the coach. Owen turned down the television and joined her. \"Oh, I don't know. A haircut, that kind of thing.\" She said, glancing at the television. Owen weighed up her proposition – it could be a lot worse. A haircut. He smiled, agreeing. He wasn't upset, not genuinely. Owen sat in a padded chair, in front of a mirror, whilst Abby flicked through some magazines in the waiting lounge. She'd promised Owen a haircut the night before. \"Hey!\" The hairdresser leapt out of a supplies closet with way too much enthusiasm, causing Abby to slam her magazine shut in surprise. \"Hi..\" Owen stuttered, overwhelmed. Abby cleared her throat, watching Owen and the hairdresser. \"So, what kind of thing are you looking for?\" The hairdresser pointed to several different photographs of celebrities in a scrapbook, \"Elvis Presley, Paul McCartney, Mick Jagger..?\" She continued, holding the book out to Owen. He pointed to a picture of Tom Cruise, mainly because the haircut looked nothing like Owen's current one. Abby chuckled under her breath – this was going to be interesting. Owen sat on the couch, next to Abby, in the suite. All she could do was stare at his new haircut, supressing laughter. \"You look like Rick Astley..\" She whispered, touching up a streak of gel on Owen's newly-cut quiff, \"which isn't a bad thing, I might add!\" Owen turned to her, frowning. \"Shut up.\" Owen said, deliberately not making eye contact with Abby. She sighed. \"Look, that's not the point, Owen. The point is that you look unrecognisable which is exactly what we want right now.\" Abby said. Owen turned to Abby, shrugging. \"I guess you're right.\" Owen and Abby stood in the spacious elevator which transported them to the reception to meet Jasper in the dining room a few minutes before 7:00pm. Awaiting his company, Jasper sat casually at an elegant dinner table with a large array of cutlery and handmade champagne glasses. He puffed a cigar before peering at his watch, contemplating making a dash to the reception to meet Abby and Owen there. No – he'd rather sit and puff his cigar. \"Jasper.\" Abby called, causing Jasper to turn to her. As he did so, a wide grin plastered its way across his face. \"Well hello, honey!\" He beamed continuously, standing from his chair to greet Abby with a warm hug. She sat down, followed by Owen, before he could. \"What was it you needed to talk about?\" Abby asked, fiddling with a bread knife. \"I have this for you.\" Jasper slid two debit cards across the table, underneath a napkin. Abby picked them up, brushed them past her eyes and slipped them into her pocket. \"Thanks.\" She smiled, \"how much in each account?\" Jasper grinned. \"$25,000 each. It's on me, don't sweat.\" Jasper winked, puffing his cigar. Abby gasped. \"Jasper! $25,000 each !? You shouldn't – you can't !\" She whispered in disbelief, digging her nails into the table. \"Abby.\" Jasper shushed her, \"I told you not to complain. You deserve it, you know where I'd be without you.\" Abby sat in silence for a few seconds. \"Okay, I guess. Thanks, seriously. Stay in touch.\" She smirked, pulling Owen up with her. \"You're not staying for dinner?\" Jasper asked, surprised and blatantly disappointed. Abby shook her head. \"We're eating out.\" Owen sat in the hotel room, chewing on the remains of his supper, nervously waiting for Abby's return. The television was blaring incessant noise, advertisements that he didn't care for. Abby hadn't eaten in days. Owen couldn't help but wonder what caused Jasper to be so kind, what caused him to donate so much money, time and effort to Abby. His thoughts were interrupted by the clicking of the bedroom door opening – she had returned. He turned to see Abby's figure, drenched in blood. He couldn't help but jump in his seat. \"Hello.\" Owen whispered. Abby simply smiled. \"I'm going to shower.\" Owen nodded as she spoke, watching her turn and walk to the bathroom. He took a sip of lemonade, refreshing his mouth that had suddenly turned extremely dry. Abby and Owen lay in bed, silently staring at the ceiling. \"Abby?\" Owen croaked. \"Yes?\" She replied, turning her head to look at him. \"I was thinking about why Jasper is so charitable.. How did you meet? Why does he seem so indebted to you?\" He asked, whispering softly. Abby sighed, as if she was about to tell a story she had told too many times. \"Life was pretty tough for me a couple of years back. By 'a couple of years', I mean around fifty years ago, around 1930. I was living in New York, but I'd been pretty darn sloppy – a fair few of my victims had been pinpointed back to me, so the police where in pretty hot pursuit of the killer; me.\" Abby began as Owen listened carefully, \"and this one particular guy was really keen on shooting me down. No matter how much I moved away from the police surveillance, this one guy from the FBI would always find me. After escaping the detection of the police for a good few months, I was chased into an unfamiliar neighbourhood by this FBI agent, who was goddamn persistant. He managed to corner me in an empty alleyway, gun loaded, just me and him. And then, just as I was bracing myself, a corrugated iron door attached to one of the buildings swung open and this guy in a suit was thrown out onto the floor. He seemed pretty shaken up, but he was completely astonished when he saw the FBI agent, and immediately pulled a pistol on him. Obviously, I thanked this guy that shot down my pursuer and learnt he was a small-time drug dealer, working for an employer, who managed to make it big by keeping the drug money for himself. His name was Sebastian Henri-Clement, and he happened to be Jasper's grandfather.\" Abby smiled as she reached the relevant part of the story. \"And this is where it all began?\" Owen asked, grinning. Abby nodded, opening her mouth to continue the story. \"So I promised Sebastian that I must find a way to repay him. A few years passed and I stayed in New York, I stayed in touch with the Henri-Clement family. In this period of time, Sebastian was a renowned dealer – supplying celebrities and stars. He lived in a luxurious mansion in Long Island, it really was beautiful. However, due to his success, Sebastian's former employer wasn't exactly his biggest fan. Several raids had taken place in Sebastian's warehouses, and the whole situation was just extremely dangerous for Sebastian's family. This is where it all gets very real – Christmas Eve 1933. An armed gun raid took place in the Long Island home of the Henri-Clement family. It just so happened that, minutes before the raid, I made a phone call to the household; just to wish them happy Christmas. When the line went dead, I figured that something really bad had happened, so I made my way over to the house. What I witnessed that night was horrible, the entire Henri-Clement family were held hostage in the dining room by armed thugs. I went with my instincts.. Within ten minutes, the armed gangsters were dead. Without me, their entire family would be dead and Jasper wouldn't even have existed. I saved a bloodline; Jasper's form of repayment is by using a portion of the money he inherited from his father, Sebastian's heir, to help me out when I need it. He doesn't deal in drugs anymore – he doesn't need to. He's a baron, a billionaire. And he spends his summers in that very house in Long Island. Being around as long as I have results in some pretty neat connections.\" Abby breathed, finishing her story. Owen couldn't help but smile, he didn't expect Abby and Jasper's friendship to be in existence due to such a majestic set of repayments that went back years. \"I don't know what we'd do without you. Without Jasper. It all makes sense now.\" Owen grinned, leaning in to kiss Abby on the head. She caught his lips with her own, her eyelashes tickling his cheek. \"I always knew that phone call was a good decision.\" She giggled, nestling her head into Owen's neck. Las Vegas lights caused the room to glow as Owen and Abby lay in bed, in each other's arms.[Chapter 12] Change the Locks Chapter Twelve Owen rubbed his eyes, the sun filtering through the curtains of the hotel room. He groaned and turned over to see Abby's tired body facing his. Their lips were just less than two centimetres apart, Abby's chin quivering as she slowly slipped her bottom lip into the parting of Owen's mouth. A delicate kiss. No movement, excluding the closure of Owen's lips on Abby's. She pulled away, smiling. Owen opened his eyes before sliding out of the bed, following Abby, in order to clothe himself. They'd been staying in the suite for just under a week now. \"Jasper called.\" Abby said, turning away from Owen as she slipped off her t-shirt and clipped on a fresh bra. She wasn't what he'd describe as self-conscious. \"When are we meeting him?\" Owen asked, pulling on a woollen jumper. Abby turned around to select a clean top. She retrieved a plain black tank top from the suitcase, which would cling to her body underneath a baggy hoodie. \"Lobby, ten minutes. I have no idea why. But I'm totally convinced that, if you use a dash of gel, your hair will completely flatter you.\" Abby winked, grinning, as she threw him a bottle of hair gel. Owen laughed sarcastically. \"Hilarious.\" He pushed his hair up into a quiff with a small handful of hair gel, checking his appearance in the mirror. Surprisingly, both he and Abby both agreed that the hairstyle suited him rather well. \"Hey, Jasper.\" Owen beamed, embracing Jasper in a hug. Despite only knowing him for a week or so, Owen found Jasper delightfully easy to befriend. \"How are you two?\" He asked, happily squeezing Owen in a tight hug before moving on to Abby. \"We're fine, Jasper.\" Abby giggled, \"what have you got for us today then?\" She asked. Jasper held up his index finger, signalling them to wait for a second or two. He turned to pick up an elaborately complicated-looking camera. \"Snap snap!\" He grinned, \"I need your photos for your passports and ID cards, which will need a little altering to make you look older and such..\" Jasper's explanation trailed into inaudible mumbles as he fiddled with certain articles of the camera. Abby and Owen looked at him, before looking to each other awkwardly. \"How are you going to alter our photos?\" Owen asked, breaking the silence. Jasper looked up from the camera, grinning. \"I have connections with this great guy, he can digitally alter people's appearances using police software he managed to hack. It's awesome! I only ever ask him for a favour on occasion though; my line of work usually doesn't entail completely masking a person's identity.\" Jasper explained. \"Wait – Abby told me that you don't have a job, you don't need to.\" Owen stated, questioning Jasper. \"Well, I don't need a job. Working is rough. But when it comes to life, if it's not rough, it isn't fun.\" Jasper beamed, winking at Owen before continuing to fiddle with the camera. Owen stood against a white wall in an empty hallway leading the main boiler room of Caesars Palace. Jasper held the camera to his eye before clicking the button located on top of the device, sending beams of light shooting from the flash. \"Okeydokey!\" Jasper smiled, \"Abby next.\" Jasper gestured for Abby to stand against the wall. She smirked, standing away from the opposite wall and making her way to where Owen once stood. The camera flashed another couple of times before the session was over. \"Perfect. I'll have your passports and your ID cards ready by Thursday, which gives me two days.\" Jasper reasoned, leaving Abby and Owen to agree. They both nodded, happily accepting his proposition. Jasper grinned, placing the strap of the camera around his neck. \"Well, so much to do and such little time. Meaning, I've got to run. I'll be in touch. Stay safe!\" Jasper leaned in to hug both Owen and Abby fondly. He nodded, beaming (as always), before briskly walking down the corridor and around the corner. Owen and Abby stood quietly, listening to Jasper's footsteps as he made his way up a set of stairs to the lower-class hotel rooms. \"Quick and painless.\" Owen whispered. The couple strolled along the sidewalk of the busy Las Vegas Strip, shouting over the traffic. \"So, what do you want to do?\" Abby asked after they managed to make their way to the quieter backstreets. Owen shrugged, causing Abby to sigh. They stood in silence. \"Wait. How about we catch that movie? I promised you we'd go. On the coach. Remember?\" He suggested eventually. A warm smile grew across Abby's face as she began to nod slowly. She chuckled under her breath. \"Sure. I'd like that.\" She agreed. Owen smiled, content in pleasing his love. Abby led Owen in the direction of the movie theatre, interlinking her fingers with his as they made their way back to the Strip. Owen pushed over just enough money to supply him with two tickets to see the Twilight Zone movie, something he'd been waiting to see for weeks now. He handed Abby one of the tickets. \"Here.\" He grinned, \"just let me grab some popcorn. Sweet, like you'd advised.\" Owen smirked before using the change from the tickets to purchase a bag of warm and sugary popcorn. Abby giggled slightly, following Owen to the counter. \"Anything for the girl?\" the cashier winked, nudging Owen. He glanced at the cashier, frowning. \"No.\" Owen grabbed the popcorn from the counter and began walking to screen seven, dragging Abby with him. \"Why are there so many screens?\" She asked, peering around. Owen pointed to the various posters on the walls. \"They're for the other movies being shown here.\" He explained, \"screen seven. Here we go.\" Owen smiled at Abby as he opened the door to the theatre, letting her enter first. She nodded approvingly, thanking him for his thoughtfulness. The cinema was reasonably empty, so Owen led Abby to the middle seats near the back of the theatre. She sat carefully down in the folding seat, twisting her head to the sides in order to settle into her new surroundings. Suddenly, Owen's warm hand crept down the arm rest to interlink his fingers with Abby's. She gasped slightly, turning to see Owen's reassuring smile. She returned his warm gesture, squeezing his hand lightly. As they sat, waiting, new groups of children and adults took their seats in the cinema. Eventually, the lights went down, and the projector began to flicker images onto the screen. \"Just sit and enjoy it.\" Owen whispered. Abby turned to him, kissing his cheek before moving her lips to his ear. \"I will.\" She whispered in reply.[Chapter 13] Change the Locks Chapter Thirteen Abby's giggly reaction to the movie was music to Owen's ears as he admired her from his seat; she was completely unaware of the fact that he was observing her every movement. He was glad she was enjoying the movie, at least. His mind wheeled back: Abby turned to Owen, who was playing Pac Man on the arcade machine at the kiosk in Los Alamos; he was completely unaware of the fact that she was observing his every movement. Owen blinked away the vision. Abby was still watching the screen, intently following the plotline. He smiled. \"That was great, Owen. I've never seen a movie before, how many of them are there?\" Abby asked, gripping his arm and leaning her head on his shoulder, smiling. Owen chuckled; he found it hard to believe she'd never seen a movie before. \"Hundreds. Surely you don't expect me to name every single one? I only know a few, and I've seen even less.\" He explained. Abby was confused. She lifted her head from his shoulder, looking into his eyes, wearing an anxious expression. \"How come? If there's so many of them, why have you seen so few?\" She asked, loosening her grip of his arm. Owen stopped walking. \"My me and my mom.. well, we're poor. We were poor. We couldn't afford to keep going to the movie theatre on a regular basis. But I'm not going back to her; I want to be with you, stay with you.\" He smiled, leaning forward, taking her hand and kissing her cheek tenderly. She smiled, his lips warming her cheek. She nodded, understanding. Suddenly, Owen lost grip of Abby's hand as she ran to a television screen in the cinema's foyer. A news report concerning Owen's disappearance. Owen's ears pricked up, and he ran to join Abby in front of the television. \"The missing teenager, Owen McAlister, from the New Mexico county of Los Alamos has been declared dead this morning. After following a dead-ended lead for just over a month, no new evidence has emerged. The police have nothing more to go by, and therefore must end their investigation. However, this matter is not over for the grieving McAlister family. Kyle Fernen is at Owen's former school where students are paying their respects..\" The news presenter's voice trailed off as Owen grinned. Abby turned to him, her facial expression mirroring his. \"So, I'm dead.\" He said, sarcastically. Abby giggled, nodding. \"Yep! This is fantastic – if America thinks you're dead, then America won't be looking for you. Meaning..\" She gestured to him, allowing him to finish her sentence. \"Meaning I'm safe!\" He grinned, lunging towards Abby. He caught her lips in his, holding her close as she gripped the hair on the back of his head. Her lips curled upwards into a smile as they kissed. Owen munched on the remains of his popcorn whilst Abby was out, harvesting blood from her latest victim. He'd gotten used to the idea now; he was more acceptant of Abby's murderous ways. As he sat in front of the television with his popcorn bag (which was now empty) he peered at the phone, contemplating calling for room service. After all, a handful of mushy popcorn, crystallised with sugar granules, wasn't going to satisfy his hunger. Unlike Abby, he hadn't had a proper meal for three days. Just titbits. \"Hello, room service?\" A young man's voice greeted Owen from the other end of the phone. \"Hey, I know it's pretty late, but what's on the menu for room service tonight?\" Owen asked politely. \"Room service is available all hours, sir. For future reference.\" The room service operator continued to read out a list of meals, drinks and desserts. Owen's eyes lit up at the thought of each meal, how exquisitely prepared they would all be at a place such as this. \"Hm.\" He juggled the options, \"would it be possible to order red mullet fillet, spinach and mushroom gratin, with a side of foie-gras, white chocolate crème brûlée, a zillionaire's sundae and a can of coke?\" Owen asked, ending his order with a rather simple item. \"Okay. Is that all, sir?\" The room service operator asked, almost sarcastically. \"Yes, thank you. I'll have the money at hand when you arrive with the food.\" Owen explained whilst retrieving several twenty dollar notes from his suitcase, holding the phone in the other hand, suspecting the order would be an expensive one. \"Okay, sir, thank you for ordering. Your order will be with you in just under fifteen minutes. I shall confirm that this order is for the Emperor's Suite?\" The operator asked his final question. \"Yes, it is.\" Owen responded. \"Thank you. Goodbye.\" The operator put the phone down, leaving the line to ring in Owen's ear. He also put the phone back on the receiver before sitting in front of the television, just missing the end of an old Harper Valley PTA episode. Oh well. Hawaii Five-O was coming up soon. A shuffling sound from the bedroom rattled Owen's ears. He wasn't worried. He assumed Abby was swinging her blood-drenched body onto the balcony. \"Owen?\" He heard her voice call from the bedroom. He smiled, satisfied with his 'amazing' sense of intuition. He called to her, letting her know he was well. Owen listened to the shower door crack open, heard the water supply whir as the warm liquid sprayed over Abby's bloodied body. The familiar theme song of Hawaii Five-O spun into his ears, but he couldn't drag his eyes away from the bedroom door; and Abby. The doorbell rang, forcing him to rip his eyes from the bedroom door and stand up to answer it. Room service. Owen flipped the twenty dollar notes around in his hands as a butler wheeled a brass trolley, adorned with fancy-looking platefuls of food, into the room. The butler carefully carried several silver trays, which held Owen's numerous dishes, and lay them on the large coffee table. Finally, he retrieved a can of Coca-Cola from the wine cooler and poured half of the can into an ice-filled wine glass. Owen handed over the money, grinning, before watching the butler wheel the trolley out of the room. He would leave the silver trays and the handmade plates to be collected by the maids the next morning. Owen cut a thin slice of foie-gras and placed it in his mouth. The creamy texture melt in his mouth, before beefy, metallic taste slashed his tongue. He spat out the mushy mouthful of liver, wincing as he did so. Yack. Owen took a sip of his coke, swishing it around his mouth; anything to remove the metallic taste of the buttery foie-gras. He pushed the plate aside, and moved onto the fish, spinach and mushrooms. Smaller than he expected, but just as rich. The flaky fish warmed his taste buds, however, it was surprisingly light. The spinach also shared the same metallic taste as the foie-gras, so Owen could only down a few mouthfuls. The mushroom, despite having a rich and creamy texture, was so unbelievably filling that, again, Owen could only manage a few forkfuls. Eventually he moved onto the zillionaire's sundae – honeycomb, chocolate, vanilla and coffee flavoured ice cream, drenched in espresso and amaretto, crumbled with honeycomb, chocolate and biscuit, complete with lashings of cream, beautiful golden leaves and a sparkling firework. It surely looked grand as hell. And, after his first spoonful, Owen realised it tasted pretty grand too. He scraped the bottom of the bowl, drinking the melted ice cream from the bottom of the glass, before moving onto his final dish – crème brûlée. He cracked the sugary lid open and crunched on the glass-like topping before delving into the chocolatey, creamy and perfectly delectable filling. Certainly his favourite dish of all time. After finished his final mouthful of crème brûlée, Owen leant back on the couch. He was completely bloated, his mouth stained with various sauces and creams, surrounded by empty plates. This called for a large belch – which is just what Owen supplied. He used his feet to kick the empty plates aside, leaving his line of sight between him and the television clear. \"Owen.\" Abby said bluntly, monotone, as she stood outside the bedroom door, wearing only her underwear. Owen jumped as she spoke, turning to see a half-naked girl, causing him to become even more shocked. He covered his eyes immediately, thinking Abby would laugh. She didn't. He removed his hand from his eyes and listened to her, realising the situation was serious. \"Owen. We have a problem.\"[Chapter 14] Change the Locks Chapter Fourteen Abby promptly vomited a mixture of bubbling blood and fizzing hydrochloric acid onto the pristinely pale carpet, dropping to her hands and knees by the time the third mouthful of sick had ran up her throat. Owen gagged, before running to Abby's side and dragging her to bathroom. He watched the bloody vomit drain down the plughole, resulting in him having to use the shower head to help flush the blood and acid down the drain. Abby retched, her face pale and her eyes bloodshot. \"Are you okay?\" Owen asked, thumping Abby in the back to help her cough up the vomit. She nodded as she tried to smile despite appearing as if she was dead. Her skin was like paper – no texture, no colour. Eventually, her throat ran dry, and not even pinky-tinged saliva dribbled from her mouth; it was far too dry for that. Abby eased herself up, coughing out the stale air that remained in her lungs. \"Abby, what's the problem?\" Owen asked, leading her to couch before running to fetch a glass of water for her, that he knew she wouldn't drink. \"Cancer. Cancerous blood.\" She whispered, fiddling with the silver ring on her finger. Owen placed her the glass of water; she immediately placed it down on the table, pushing it away. Something sunk within Owen. \"I don't understand..\" Owen whispered, hoping she'd explain. Abby coughed, allowing her eyes to water and trickle down her cheeks. \"The blood I drank is cancerous. The person I killed had cancer. If it stayed in my system, it would slowly kill me. So it's better that I threw it up, I guess. But I don't know what we'll do about the mess..\" Abby peered at the dried blood and vomit that had soaked into the carpet; the stench was almost unbearable. Owen smiled at Abby reassuringly. \"They'll clean it up. I'll tell them you had a nosebleed at the sight of the blood, couldn't hold onto your lunch. Ironic.\" Owen joked, causing Abby to chuckle. The couple sat on the couch in silence. Abby remained crouched in her seat, in only her bra and panties. The end titles of Hawaii Five-O streamed down the television screen, it's a pity that Owen had missed it. After about five minutes, Owen opened his mouth to speak, but his lips were immediately met by Abby's as she pulled his face towards hers, using the collar of his coat. Their lips collided roughly and quickly as Abby forced her body onto Owen's. She straddled him, not allowing her lips to leave his as the two lay on the couch. Abby's mouth moved rhythmically with Owen's and she allowed her tongue to lightly brush his, increasing the raciness of their kiss. Owen's heart rushed, his breathing heavy as his mouth moved in rhythm with Abby's. He was getting better at this 'kissing' business, but he was sure (and slightly disappointed) that Abby had been in a similar scenario before and was well-practiced. She lifted her head, parting her mouth with his, before looking around at the room. She glanced between the puddle of vomit and Owen. Puddle of vomit. Owen. Puddle of vomit. Owen. \"Should we ring the reception? Tell them there's bloody vomit all over the carpet?\" She asked, still straddling Owen. He nodded, only just noticing the fact that Abby's lingerie matched. She smiled before lifting her body from Owen's and walking to the bedroom. \"Abby!\" Owen called after her, \"nice undies.\" He smiled slyly as he watched Abby wink cheekily back at him. Owen over watched a maid scrub the blood from the floor, constantly apologising for the mess. However, she would always smile and assure him that it was all alright. Meanwhile, Abby stood over the sink in the bathroom as she vigorously scrubbed a toothbrush along her teeth in an attempt to remove the stench of the rust and vomit. The mouthwash would certainly do the trick. She eventually heard the door click after Owen had apologised for the final time and let the maid leave the room. She had taken the plates from Owen's extravagant meal with her. Abby removed her bra and underwear, leaving them strewn across the bedroom floor, without a care. She climbed into the bed, the silky sheets lightly brushing against her skin as she lay under the ice-cold duvet, in all her purity. Abby closed her eyes, leaving her lashes to flutter on her cheeks as she drifted into sleep. She recalled Owen's bare arms wrapping around her naked body and some point during the night, whilst she was dozing lightly. In the blackness, stars appeared in her visions as she fell into a relaxed sleep. Abby was pale as she awoke. Owen was still snoozing on the other side of the bed, so she carefully slid her body out from between the covers before walking to the bathroom to clean and clothe herself in preparation for the rest of the day. She leapt onto the couch and picked up the remote to turn on the television and check the news, possibly to see the latest memorials for Owen who the country assumed as 'dead'. But, before she could press the standby button on the remote, a sharp knock came at the front door. Abby carefully placed the remote back onto the coffee table and turned her head towards the door suspiciously. She slowly eased herself onto her legs and briskly trotted up the steps and to the door. The door clicked as she turned the doorknob carefully; behind the door stood Jasper, wearing a huge grin. \"Good morning!\" Jasper screamed as he hugged Abby tightly. She smiled as she greeted him in a similar way. \"What's up?\" She asked, deciding to get straight down to business and find out why he was here. He reached into his breast pocket before quickly whipping out two navy-blue booklets and two small white cards. \"Merry Christmas – two passports and two ID cards, for future use. We've changed your names, altered your appearance on the ID cards, and changed your dates of births to make you seem older.\" Jasper handed Abby the items. She leapt up to hug him, laughing and grinning, all the while. \"Thanks! It's April, not December, but thanks.\" She hugged him once more as an extra 'thank you'. \"It's a figure of speech. But, that's another reason I came here..\" Jasper's face dropped into a serious expression, and Abby's face eventually mirrored this. \"…What?\" She asked, unsure if she wanted to know. Jasper sighed. \"I'm leaving, Abby. I'm going to England. There's just nothing left for me here, staying in the US is too risky..\" As he spoke, Abby's face crumpled into a mess of saliva and tears which rested damply on her cheeks. She whimpered as Jasper clutched her body to his chest, her tears wetting the front panel of his suit. Despite making the decision himself, Jasper seemed pretty upset about the whole situation. \"Why? If you don't want to leave, then why are you leaving?!\" Abby screamed through the tears, more angry than she was upset. Jasper had no apparent reaction. He didn't reply for some time, but he eventually leant down until he was eye-level with Abby, clutching her shoulders with both of his hands. \"Abby, if I stay, they'll find out. They'll find out, honey. Think about it – do you want to see me in jail or do you want to see me living well, in England? Where I'll be safe?\" Jasper asked, lifting Abby's delicate chin to see her green eyes which were glazed with tears. She thought for a minute, sniffling. \"England..\" She muttered before bursting into a new spasm of tears and slamming her body into Jasper's. He nodded as he, too, began to cry. He gripped her head to his chest, rocking her back and forth. \"I'm sorry, honey, I'm sorry. I'm so goddamn sorry..\" After rocking Abby's empty body backwards and forwards for ten minutes, Jasper released her. And returned to his shoulder-gripping position. \"I have to go now. I have things I need to finish up, people I need to speak to and favours I need to repay. But I have a final gift for you, before I leave.\" Jasper reached into his breast pocket and pulled out a set of keys, \"my house in Long Island. I'm not going to be needing it anymore, am I? It's all yours.\" He placed the set of keys into Abby's hand before peering up to see her astonished face. She hugged him tightly and whispered into his ear: \"Thank you. Please visit.\" Jasper nodded. \"I will, in time.\" He stood up to his full height as he spoke. Before saying his final farewells, he passed Abby a small envelope, which directed her to read it once he'd gone due to his lack of time. Jasper and Abby walked, hand in hand, to the end of the hallway where Abby would watch him turn his back for the last time, she believed. He kissed her hand before graciously strolling into the elevator and arrogantly bowing as the doors closed, just as Jasper would. Abby stood in the hallway, taking everything in as she flipped the envelope in her right hand and crushed the keys in her left. She slowly turned and began to walk back to the Emperor Suite but, with every step, her level of depression just seemed to increase until she couldn't hold back the flood of tears anymore. She quickly ran into the suite and slammed the door behind her, smashing her fist slowly and powerlessly on the doorframe as she muffled her tears with the other hand. She pressed her back to the door and slid her way down to the floor and leaving her body in a sitting position on the doormat. She couldn't bare the anticipation any longer, and opened the envelope to reveal a handwritten letter that read as follows: Dear Abby, My apologies for the short notice of my departure, I decided that telling you personally would be the least painful. However, there is never a painless way of explaining such a heart-breaking situation to a loved one. This letter is to be kept by you, always. I shall be living in the prestigious English city of London, but where else would I go? Where else would suit my line of work? On the plus side, London is the host of some of the biggest airports, a place I can go whenever I feel like I need to visit you in New York. Speaking of visiting, I don't know what I can say. I don't know when, I don't know how often, but one thing I do know is where I will go. You must go to New York. You'll be safe there, trust me. All you need is the key, and you have that already. Finally, I must just say one thing. You are the strongest girl I've ever had the luck to cross paths with and, without you, I would be non-existent. I feel as if you've filled that gap that my lack of family has provided as you're the only real family I have left. A daughter-figure is how I picture you, and I hope I have the pleasure of providing some form of father figure to you. We'll meet again, one day. Trust me. Merry Christmas, seasons greeting from mid-April! Yours truly, Jasper Henri-Clement. Abby giggled through the tears. \"Yours truly, dad.\" She whispered before cracking into tears, \"merry Christmas to you too, for late December.\"[Chapter 15] Change the Locks Chapter Fifteen Abby and Owen sat in the departure lounge at the McCarren International Airport in Las Vegas, surrounded by other anxious passengers, awaiting their 3:07pm flight to New York. Owen had been informed of Jasper's situation the night before, and his only way of comforting Abby, whose body was fatigued with sadness, was to lay by her side, his arms around her waist, all night. She couldn't do much whatsoever. She could barely move without bursting into tears. But then it reached the worst part; she couldn't summon the energy to even create tears, so she managed to find a way to whimper and crack her voice into something that somewhat resembled a cry. Owen peered down at her, her head resting on his lap. But she wasn't sleeping though - all she could do was stare blankly at the far wall. \"Not long now. In fact, we can start boarding in five minutes, if you'd like.\" Owen stated, not sure if the statement was actually a question or not. No response. He sighed as he sunk back into the silence that engulfed the departure lounge. The clock's longest hand hit the number nine, signifying the fact that they now had twenty two minutes to board the plane. \"C'mon, Abby.\" Owen whispered into her ear. She sighed and sat herself up before casually walking to the boarding area, leaving Owen to cart their hand luggage onto the plane. \"Owen, tickets.\" Abby said, smiling at the check-in girl beforehand. He reached into his pocket, removing two passports with the boarding passes inside. He carefully passed one the booklets and a ticket to Abby who showed them both to the check-in girl. Owen followed her lead, and continued to drag the hand luggage through the departure gates. Abby ran her fingers along the ridge underneath the overhead lockers in the airplane, counting the rows under her breath until she found their seats. 19D and 19C. She swung her body onto the window seat, allowing Owen to sit down in the seat next to the aisle. \"Excited?\" Owen asked Abby after buckling himself into the seat. She sighed as she began to buckle herself in too. \"Not particularly. Although I suppose that I should just get over myself. It's not like he's dead.\" Abby replied. Owen shrugged. \"Possibly. I'm upset too, but I guess I haven't know Jasper as long as you have.\" He replied, trying to make her feel better. She turned to him with the largest spark of energy he'd seen since they'd heard the news. \"You don't know how much that man meant to me. The guy back in Los Alamos was nothing . He wasn't a father figure to me; he didn't do anything for me!\" Abby's rage grew with every word as her speech loudened, \"Jasper is the closest thing I've ever had to family. And now he's gone.\" She sighed, calming herself before Owen had to. They sat in silence. \"If he's the closest thing you've ever had to family, then what am I?\" Owen asked, his voice breaking as he tried to keep it quiet. Abby swallowed. \"You're different.\" She replied, tears brimming on her lower eyelids. Something within Owen sank. He didn't exactly know what to say in response. \"Is that good or bad?\" He whispered, fiddling with his own fingers. \"Good.\" She whispered. Abby's head rested on the window as she slept, restoring the energy she was unable to recoup the night before. Owen had taken his coat off and laid it across Abby's body. Warmth isn't a relevant factor which contributes to her lifestyle, but he felt that it was a kind thing to do anyway. The flight felt longer than any other journey Owen had taken, probably due to the time change. New York was one hour ahead of Las Vegas. Owen didn't know exactly what time it was, but he knew it was the evening due to the fact that the sky outside was pitch black, and images reflected easily from the windows. He turned to look at Abby sleeping, which reminded him of how tired he was too. Owen slowly eased his body to back on his chair and closed his eyes. Most of the airplane passengers were asleep now, which made life easier. The lights in the aisle had been lowered, which also made life easier. He looked leant backwards, relaxing his muscles as he drifted into a light nap. There was only two hours or so left of the flight anyway. Owen awoke as Abby softly tapped his cheeks, smiling at him as his eyelids fluttered open. \"We're touching down in ten minutes.\" She grinned, as if she was new person. Owen sat up and rubbed his eyes thoroughly before stretching and yawning. \"How long was I asleep for?\" He asked, still rubbing his eyes. \"Well, I only woke up about three quarters of an hour ago, so I can't exactly say. Probably just under an hour and a half.\" Abby estimated logically. Owen nodded, not particularly interested anymore. Abby carted the luggage from the gates, Owen only metres in front, able to freely walk without carrying their numerous bags. He seemed it was only fair to let Abby do her fair share of the lifting, but then again, it seemed like the gentlemanly thing to do was to offer a hand. \"Abby.\" She looked up at him as he spoke, \"I'll take the bags. Just show me where to go.\" Owen grabbed the bags from Abby's arms. \"Thank you.\" She grinned, kissing him on the cheek before turning to peer around, in search of the car which Jasper has described. Abby took a piece of crumpled paper from her pocket and unfolded it to reveal dark black ink, swirled in Jasper's perfect handwriting. \"A 1970s Bentley T1 in black – so, I have no idea. What about you?\" She asked, turning to Owen. He had once read a book about cars, back in Los Alamos. There were dozens of pictures of Bentley's, but he couldn't exactly remember the appearance of this distinct model. He shook his head, apologising. They stood in the bustling airport reception, surrounded by hurrying passengers. \"Great.\" They both muttered in chorus. They stood in silence, unsure of what to do with themselves, before Abby felt a sharp tap on her shoulder. \"Miss.\" The figure behind Abby addressed her formally, \"am I right in suggesting that you are Mr Henri-Clement's guest?\" He asked. Abby turned, nodding. Behind her stood a reasonably tall, but elderly, man in a black duffle coat and a black peaked cap, complete with a shiny black visor and a white chevron moustache. \"Yes. Yes, we are.\" As she spoke, the gentleman in the duffle coat peered at Owen, smiling. He nodded, and shook the hands of both children with a firm but friendly grip. \"I thought as much; this way.\" The gentleman in the duffle coat led the children to the Bentley which matched Jasper's description. He held the door open for Abby and Owen, allowing them to climb in. \"Step in, milady.\" He gestured to Abby, \"and sir.\" The gentleman in the duffle coat assisted Abby and Owen before closing the door behind them. \"The master.\" the gentleman coughed, \"the former master, must think very highly of you two. Very highly indeed if he is presenting you with his beloved home. He assured me that you were polite and, therefore, I am pleased to serve you. Please, call me Perty.\" Owen and Abby burst into a fit of laughter, before realising that Perty was serious. Owen cleared his throat. \"Is that your real name..?\" He asked, shyly. This time, Perty chuckled under his breath. \"Evidently not! I'm formally known as Rupert Garside, but isn't that just far too uptight and stuffy?\" Perty asked, expecting a verbal answer. Owen and Abby just looked to each other before nodding enthusiastically. Perty sighed as they sat in silence. \"Are you from England?\" Abby asked, breaking the silence as her voice cracked, remembering Jasper. Perty stopped at the traffic lights and turned around. grinning. \"Why, yes I am!\" He exclaimed, \"how did you notice?\" Abby laughed sarcastically for a second, she couldn't believe how simple-minded this butler was. \"You have a British accent..\" She explained, not that she believed it actually needed explaining. \"Ah, well, yes. Good point. One thing that does get on my nerves, however, are you American's labelling English accents as British accents in their entirety. There are many accents which may be included within that category – Scottish, Welsh, Irish, English; and there are many different English accents too..\" Perty continued explaining the ins and outs of the 'British accent', but Abby and Owen had both zoned out by this point. Jasper's home was beautiful. Majestic and elegantly crafted. The Bentley drove through the polished gates and along a gravelled driveway which circled around a grassy oval, complete with a hand-carved water fountain. Perty opened the door, allowing Abby and Owen to step out onto the gravel and make their way up the steps to the front door. They unlocked the front door as Perty drove the Bentley to the garage. Inside was immaculate – polished marble floors, exquisitely carved pillars, lush greenery in pristine plant pots and the most delightful grand staircase with mahogany bannisters. Even the balcony which overlooked the back courtyard and swimming pool was created using the blueprints which were used to build Juliet's balcony in Verona. Abby gasped before turning to hug Owen tightly. \"It's beautiful..\" He whispered in awe, not exactly sure himself whether he was referring to the house of Abby's hug. They immediately rushed upstairs, dragging the suitcases behind them, in order to settle themselves in. Out of the eight bedrooms, all inspired by different themes, only one was suitable for Abby and Owen. The sign on the door read 'the International Room'. They clicked open the latch to reveal a room decorated with the world flags, and every shelf contained artefacts and souvenirs from Jasper's travels. It was all completely mind-blowing. The bathtub in the ensuite was moulded from transparent plastic, and filled with water and living fish – almost like bathing in a fish tank. Abby through the suitcase on the bed and began unpacking, hanging clothes up in the closet whilst Owen explored the room. \"You don't like Perty, do you?\" He asked, suddenly. Abby looked away from the closet. \"Rupert? Pfft, no way.\" She replied before turning back to the wardrobe and fixing a shirt onto a hanger. Owen walked over to her, wrapping his arms around her waist and hugging her from behind. \"Why not?\" He whispered into her ear. She dropped her arms from the coat hanger and rested her hands on Owen's. \"He's rather moronic. Asks stupid questions. Doesn't understand sarcasm. That's why.\" Abby explained. Owen chuckled slightly before kissing her on the cheek. \"He'll grow on you, just like I did.\" He assured her. She smiled, excepting the kiss that warmed her cheeks. \"Perhaps.\"[Chapter 16] Change the Locks Chapter Sixteen Abby stood on the balcony, overlooking the courtyard and pool at the back of the house, looking over the other properties surrounding their new Brookville home. Despite being unable to identify different temperatures, even Abby knew it was cold outside that night. Her vision surveyed the back yard, brushing past the glass canopy, which shadowed the pool, and ignoring the patio that was littered with garden furniture. The grass in the garden was finely cut, and it was difficult to see the fence that separated the garden with the public woodland area behind the property itself. As she tried to pick out the fence, she noticed a slight movement in the foliage in the woodland. A person. Abby squinted, could make out the figure of a man shuffling in the bushes. They'd only been living in the house for two weeks, it was mid-July, and they already had deluded stalkers spying on them. \"Owen! Get your ass out here!\" Abby growled viciously from the balcony. Owen's ears pricked up in surprise, and he immediately ran from the bedroom to the balcony. Just as he stepped foot outside, the peeper in the bushes receded into the shadowy woodland. \"What, what, what!?\" He questioned, rushing to the wall. She thrust her hand in a point towards the woodland. \"Look, there was a guy! This guy in black clothes and he was, like, looking at the balcony and at the house and when I called you, he ran back into the bushes!\" She explained to Owen, who leant on the wall, wearing an unconvinced expression on his face. He nodded, though she knew it was out of sympathy. He began to lift his hand and point towards the door. \"I'm going to head back inside..\" Owen's voice trailed off as his gaze met Abby's. She strode towards him, bringing her face so that it was just millimetres away from his and narrowed her eyes. \"I know what I saw, Owen. The Vegas lights didn't totally blind me. There was somebody in that woodland, somebody was watching us.\" As she spoke, Owen felt her breath brush across his cheeks, warming him slightly. He backed away. \"Okay, I'm going to take your word for it. But I'll keep my eyes peeled for myself, perhaps I'll catch his eye too.\" He settled with Abby. The corners of her mouth lifted slowly, and she slowly wrapped her arms around him, standing on her tiptoes to reach; he'd had a sudden spurt of growth in height. He slid his arms under hers, bringing her closer into their embrace. They stood there for a while. The next day was warm and dry, despite the night before being remembered as seemingly cold. Abby and Owen were shaded from the blazing sun by the overhead parasol as they lounged on the recliner, only metres away from the tiled blue pool behind the property, in cooling swimwear. As Perty balanced a pair of refreshing cocktails on a silver tray through the conservatory doors, Abby let out a deliberately noticeable sigh. \"Milady. Sir.\" He carefully placed the glasses on the end tables which stood next to the reclining chairs. \"Thank you, Perty, but you didn't have to bring us these. However, I won't put you to the trouble of returning them.\" Owen insisted, smiling sympathetically as he took a sip of his drink. \"Cheers.\" Abby sneered from behind her sunglasses before downing the cocktail in one glug. Perty glared at her in dismay; mutual feelings. \"It was the least I could do.\" He smiled, turning to Owen. Owen nodded in gratitude as Perty returned to the house. \"What is your problem?\" He questioned Abby, accusingly. She chuckled slightly, removing her sunglasses. \"The little people know about me, the better. I hate excessive numbers of people trying to help me, that's all. If he just left me alone, with the occasional 'hello' if we happened to see each other around, then I'm sure we'd get along just fine.\" She explained. \"I see. Well, perhaps I'll let him know.\" Owen muttered. Abby shrugged approvingly, as if to say 'suit yourself'. Abby eventually eased herself up from the chair, and began to walk from the patio to the pool, speeding up into a slow run as she did so. As she reached the poolside, under the glass canopy, her feet left the bricked floor and her knees met her chest as she hit the water in a cannonball formation. The freshly filtered water sprayed onto the glass above as Abby's head emerged from the surface of the water. Her blonde hair laid, slicked back on her head, now several shades darker. She giggled, brushing the water from her face and blinking frantically to regain her vision. \"Owen, come on in, the water's awesome !\" She shouted from the pool. Again, the word didn't fit in her mouth, just as it hadn't when they'd first met three months ago, as they sat on the bars of the jungle gym in Los Alamos. A lot had happened since then. Denver to Aurora, Aurora to Reno, Reno to Las Vegas, Las Vegas to New York. Owen hadn't travelled as much in his past thirteen years as he had in the past three months. Well, almost thirteen years; it was his birthday tomorrow. Owen's toes gripped the edge of the pool - the last time he'd been in such a place, he'd been threatened by Kenny, his brother and his friends before Abby butchered them all in a matter of seconds. He took a quick breath, not noticing that Abby was watching him intently from the water as he moved. He carefully lowered himself into the water, breathing anxiously as he did so. The water seemed quite warm until it reached his chest. Then he truly realised how cold it was. Owen took a deep breath before submerging his head in the water, letting his vision turn blurry and feeling the cool tingle of water electrify the nerves on the back of his neck; this was the first time he felt truly relaxed in the water. He stayed underwater, watching Abby's hazy figure approach him. Her arms wrapped around the back of his neck before she brought her face to his and clamped her mouth around his upper lip, which resulted in Owen bringing his lower lip up to meet her lower lip, catching it between both of Owen's lips. The perfect kiss. Or at least it would've been, if the vile taste of pool water hadn't seeped into their mouths and clashed against their taste buds. One thing was for sure; it was utterly disgusting. The couple surfaced from the water, gasping for air, after their kiss that was prolonged by their inability to recognise the fact that they needed to breathe. An easy thing to forget, they supposed. \"You're beautiful.\" Owen whispered, after catching his breath. Abby peered through the wet tendrils of hair that blocked her view. She quickly tucked them behind her ears. \"Pardon?\" She asked. Owen stared at her longingly before sharply darting forward and catching her torso in a hug. She wrapped her arms around him in response as he did so. He brought his lips to her ear, his soft skin brushing her earlobe. \"You're beautiful .\" He repeated, with added emphasis. He felt her grip tighten as she squeezed his body closer to hers, pool water running throughout the few gaps in between their dripping figures. She was beautiful. But not in the conventional style that most people perceive as beautiful. Owen knew she had changed, he'd watched her personality blossom with every new day, and every new experience. He'd seen her feel compassion and upset, things he believed she may never had felt before. Her innocence was indeed admirable, but it was fading with increasing speed. What Owen really meant when he described her as beautiful was not just her appearance, but her mental development. He saw her as human, not a monstrous beast that destroyed life without a single ounce of empathy. And her recent increase in benevolence and affection is what he perceived as beautiful. However, the problem Abby and Owen now faced was not their lack of safety, but their lack of privacy. Owen smiled to himself as they continued to embrace, believing every word Abby had said. \"We need to do something about this creeper who seems to like spying on us from the bushes.\" He stated, his words warming Abby's heart even farther.[Chapter 17] Change the Locks Chapter Seventeen The group of three - Perty, Abby and Owen – stood on the balcony in the blistering heat, watching a mechanic set up the last of their new night-vision security cameras in hope of catching the peeper outside of the house's compounds. The mechanic flicked a switch on the back of the camera and adjusted the lens before turning to the group. \"Well, there you go.\" He gestured to the camera, \"all set up. It works using heat sensors and night-vision, once the camera senses the movement of heat, it automatically switches to night-vision and zooms in on the movement which was first detected. All heat movement is recorded; you can watch it from the monitor that I set up earlier in your study.\" The mechanic grinned as the group thanked him and let Perty lead him out. Abby strolled over to the camera, examining it carefully. Surprisingly, she didn't find an excessive amount of buttons and screws. Just an on/off switch and recording button, perhaps maybe a switch which alternated between the heat sensor and the night-vision. Either way, she would never be able to fathom it out and change the settings, no matter how straightforward it seemed. Owen sat in the study in the evening, staring at the monitor which illuminated the dark room. His eyes had adjusted to bright light of the screen, meaning they no longer pulled on his retinas and made them sting. \"Owen.\" Abby whispered, walking into the study in her dressing gown and pyjamas, \"come to bed now. It's late.\" She asked of him. He pulled his eyes away from the screen, away from the non-existent movement in the bushes which was displayed on the monitor. Owen nodded, smiling weakly, before standing up and giving the screen one quick glance. As they made their way out of the room, a sudden flicker of electronic whirring reverberated from the monitor. Owen turned, to see that the cameras had picked up some movement in the bushes. \"Hey, hey, hey! Come look over here..\" He gestured to Abby who followed him to the monitor. The screen flipped to night-vision footage as they watched a figure watch the house in the bushes. The figure was holding an object, but not one that Abby and Owen could easily recognise. The image on the screen was chilling, nonetheless. \"What is that..?\" Abby asked. Owen leant into the screen, squinting. She watched him, trying to read his expressions as he stared into the monitor. Suddenly, the colour drained from as face and his eyes greyed as he realised what the object was. \"Abby. Abby, it's a gun.\" Just as the figure on the screen began running to the house, Abby and Owen dashed to the doors and windows, locking them securely and screaming to Perty, asking him to do the same. Abby's fingers fumbled as she glanced between the lock on the glass door and the figure making its way towards the house in the darkness. Owen slammed the windows shut before helping Perty reinforce all the double doors with planks of wood. Abby, meanwhile, piled up large objects against the doors as a last resort. \"The cops. Someone call the cops, now!\" The realisation of help hit Owen like a bullet in the head, and he howled for someone to pick up the phone. Abby gasped as a hand slammed on the window from the outside, causing her to scream and dash to the phone before dialling 911. \"Hello? We need NYPD now, something's trying to get into our house and there's nothing we can do. We've reinforced the doors, the windows..\" As she explained the situation to the police department, Owen emerged from the kitchen, where he'd been sliding planks of wood through handles of windows and doors to see Abby on the phone. Someone had listened. She ended the call before pushing the phone into her pocket, and grabbed Owen by the wrist, dragging him into the dining room. The dining room was reasonably large, but situated at the centre of the house with only one possible entrance. Only one entrance they needed to barricade. Perty joined them in the dining room, locking the door and wedging a plank through the brass handle. They pushed the table in front of the door before continuing to pile dining chairs on the glossy surface. Owen placed the final chair in front of the door, and there was nothing else to do but wait. Abby sat on the floor in the centre of the room, gesturing for Perty and Owen to join her. \"Ten minutes. They said they can be here in ten minutes, and suggested we find a secure room with enough furniture to barricade the door, which is why we're here. They said they'd back once they'd taken him out.\" She explained as Owen and Perty listened intently. \"So, we wait?\" Owen asked, gripping his sleeves with nerves. Perty and Abby both nodded in response. \"What more can we do?\" Abby asked rhetorically. The next ten minutes were long and tense. None of the room's three inhabitants knew of the activities taking place outside of the dining room. They listened closely for any sounds, any noises, that gave them an indication of what was going on. And with every new clatter they heard from outside, a new lick of panic went fluttering up their spines. Abby paced, gripping the phone, waiting for a tone and a vibration to beam from its speaker. Still nothing. She moaned, sweating and shaking in panic before joining Owen and Perty who sat on the floor. Owen caught Abby's wrist as she began to kneel down, and his eyes captured her gaze within his. He recognised the tone of her skin, as pale as when she bled from every pore in her body after he forced her into his apartment unwillingly, back in the frozen Los Alamos. He leant in and kissed her, reassuringly, gripping her hand and making her strong again. \"There's nothing more you can do.\" He smiled in an attempt to settle her. Abby managed to respond with a weak upturn of the lips, as a flood of tears gushed down her cheeks and she collapsed into Owen's arms, dropping the phone as she did. In order to save it from being crushed, Perty leant forward and retrieved it from the patch of carpet underneath Abby and Owen. They couldn't judge the amount of time had gone by, but they knew that it felt like decades. However, the lack of sound from outside had gone seemingly unnoticed by the inhabitants of the dining room. \"I haven't heard anything for a while.\" Abby whimpered, as they sat parallel to the door. Perty and Owen grunted in agreement. \"Now that you mention it, neither have I.\" Perty added, lightening up. All three of them sat up from the carpet and listened closely once more, the hairs on the back of their necks pricking intensely. Thump. Abby opened her mouth to scream as the dining room door thudded, but Owen muffled the sound with his hand before she could. The intruder continued to slam the door with what sounded like his fist. With each punch inflicted on the door, the sound loudened and the space in between each thump decreased, allowing for the tension in the room to surge until it burst at the seams. All three heads rushed to the objects that blocked the entrance, pushing on them to reinforce the door. The number of thumps and bangs increased and the lock on the door burst, allowing for a gap to appear as a figure aggressively forced the door open. Owen punched the door closed with the side of his fist as Abby and Perty continued to push it closed with every bone in their body. Eventually, they couldn't do anything more and the strength in their muscles collapsed with fatigue, granting room for the door the open partially. The intruder slipped their foot into the room, using the leverage of his foot on the wall to continue to push the door open. Abby screamed with panic as Perty and Owen tried incessantly to calm her. Bang. A different sound this time. The foot of the intruder dropped lifelessly to the floor with a thud, followed by the rest of his body. Abby breathed laboriously as Perty picked up the phone and answered it slowly. \"Hello..?\" He whispered, unsure of his safety. \"It's over. It's safe to come out.\" A voice on the other end of the phone rang out, the same policeman Abby had spoken to. Abby heard the cop outside, speaking into the phone. A knock came at the door, and the three inhabitants began to move the dining furniture from the entrance, knowing they were safe. He was dead. The intruder was dead. Or at least that's what Abby, Owen and Perty had been told, but the bloodied carpet outside the dining room seemed plausible enough. They were questioned, of course, and NYPD's verdict was that the home invasion was utterly random with absolutely no violent intentions towards any of the group themselves. However, due to the inability to identify the intruder, this wasn't entirely accurate. But Abby and Owen decided that it would be best not to worry about such a thing. After all, it was unlikely that an incident like this would ever occur again. The couple lay in the dark, wrapped in blankets, lying on the mattress of the bed in their room. Abby's hand rested on Owen's cheek. \"Why were you so scared?\" He asked, breaking the silence crisply. Abby sighed. \"Because I'm defenceless.\" She explained blankly. Owen couldn't help but chuckle. \"Stop trying to mislead me. You're a vampire, for God's sake.\" He argued. Abby continued to lay in silence before responding. \"He had a gun. I may be a vampire, but I'm not invincible. I could've died as easily as you. A bullet in the back of the neck, dead. Just like you.\" Abby put the argument to rest as she stared through Owen's gaze and into his eyes. He stared back into hers as they drifted into a trance. He couldn't help but agree with her. \"Yes. Just like me.\"[Chapter 18] Change the Locks Chapter Eighteen A warehouse, only miles away from Abby and Owen's Brookville property, emitted a yellow light from a single window in the top corner of the building. \"He's dead, the cops took him out.\" A sophisticated man in a pinstriped suit explained to his boss, who sat at a desk, surrounded by papers and files. The man at the desk slowly nodded, pursing his lips in thought. \"Pity. Did he manage to retrieve any information?\" The man at the desk asked anyway. The pinstriped henchman nodded. \"The butler, a girl and a boy. No sign of the master of the house, however. It's been like this for a just under a week.\" The henchman informed the man at the desk. \"Well, perhaps he's away.\" The man at the desk suggested, beginning to flick through some files. \"Perhaps. We'll continue our observation for a prolonged period of time, yes?\" The henchman asked as the man at the desk nodded in reply, \"and if he doesn't return soon, I know exactly what we should do.\" The henchman grinned menacingly, suddenly recapturing his boss's attention. He raised his eyebrows, looking up from the papers and opening his mouth to speak: \"What do you propose we do then?\" Months had passed since the invasion of Abby and Owen's home, the summer sun had moved behind the clouds until next spring and the dark nights were creeping in earlier every evening. It was early December, a couple of foots worth of snow was carpeting the area outside. \"This reminds me of Los Alamos.\" Owen whispered, looking out of the window with a hot cup of cocoa. Abby nodded, as she strolled over to join him. The man in the pinstriped suit crouched over the steering wheel of his van, staring at the front gate of Abby and Owen's Brookville property, holding a boxy black walkie-talkie to his mouth. \"No movement from here. How about you?\" He whispered, speaking into the black box. The crackle of the voice came from a walkie-talkie, held by a group of four camouflaged agents in the foliage in the Brookville property's back yard. \"The targets are in sight from here. We'll split up.\" The lead agent growled into the black box. He turned to his team, gesturing for them to scatter, before unzipping his bag and strapping a video camera to a tree and sinking back into the shadows of the trees and bushes. The other three agents did the same, setting up another three cameras around the property before scarpering back to van, which was driven away by the man in the pinstripe suit. \"Tell me, have you noticed anything strange since that incident with the trespasser a few months ago?\" Perty asked, striding into the kitchen and washing Owen's empty cup of cocoa. Owen turned to answer him. \"I haven't seen anything, no. But I won't deny that I feel like I'm being watched. Constantly. \" He replied, with Abby nodding in agreement. \"I completely agree. However, I've seen nothing on the monitor. Not a single sign of movement.\" Perty continued to explain, emptying the kitchen sink. Owen shrugged. \"I know. It's probably nothing.\" He put the conversation to rest and made his way to the living room to watch some television. Abby, however, continued to stare out of the window as Perty wiped the work surface clean. \"Even if someone was watching us, why? What's the attraction?\" She asked, tearing her eyes from the blizzard outside. Perty sighed as he threw the dishcloth into the sink. \"Jasper would play dirty. He made his way to the top by pushing those in his way down, far beneath him. There's lots of people who I'm sure would be happy to see him dead.\" Perty explained, chilling the air as Abby listened intently. The room was silent before she managed to croak a quiet 'oh' from her dried throat. She nodded and turned to join Owen. Just before she left the kitchen, however, she turned back to Perty with a valid point. \"But Jasper doesn't live here anymore. What have they got against us?\" She asked. Perty sighed before whispering: \"Well, perhaps they don't know that. Perhaps they know what you mean to him.\" Abby repeated what Perty had said to Owen, leaving him to increase his levels of awareness. She knew she'd frightened him slightly, but it was best to be prepared for the worst. \"Just remember that I'm a lot stronger than you think I am; than they think I will be.\" She smiled reassuringly as she stood to leave, to hunt. Owen nodded, feeling only half as reassured as she'd hoped he would feel. Abby released her hand from his and she walked away, out of the front door and to her next meal. As Owen lay in between the bed sheets, he let his eyes flicker around the dark room, awaiting Abby's return. He shouldn't be so worried, but recent news had caused him to remain slightly on-edge. Meanwhile, Abby had spied a middle-aged man, sitting on a park bench, only metres away. She crouched in the tree, hunger overwhelming her, as she watched. She'd been watching him for just under an hour, observing his girlfriend of three years break up with him and leave him to sob on the bench. Abby practically knew his life story. But now was her time. She began to silently crawl down the tree trunk, from the branch, and slither through the grasses towards the bench. Every movement she made was perfectly mastered and completely silent – her victim would never see it coming. The sobbing man breathed into his hands, rubbing them together to maintain his warmth, before sitting back on the bench in an attempt to compose himself. Strike. Abby leapt onto his back, ripping his throat out before he could scream, and pushing him to the floor as she sucked the crimson delight from his veins; red blood. She drained the body, sucking it dry, before scampering into the bushes to return to her natural state and creep through the city and back to the Brookville property without drawing attention to herself. Same old, same old. Owen was awoken by a clatter at the window and turned to see Abby's silhouette, her knuckles drumming on the glass. \"Let me in?\" She mouthed as his eyes adjusted, noticing that her chin was streaked with blood. \"You can come in.\" He whispered as she swung his legs out of bed and met her at the window. He slid the glass pain open, catching her lips in a metallic kiss that would stain his face with the scarlet dye, her trademark.[Chapter 19] Change the Locks Chapter Nineteen The Brookville mansion was littered with tinsel, holly wreaths and ribbons; complete with a beautiful ten foot Christmas tree gracing the marble floor between the two symmetrical staircases. Beads, baubles and fairly lights glittered amongst the branches, capturing the vision of anyone who happened to glance at the tree. And resting at the top of the tree shone a luminous star of glistening gold, adorned with silver beads and coloured jewels. Charming. \"I can't believe that it's Christmas day tomorrow.\" Owen commented as he stared at the tree in awe, \"and this is the most amazing tree I've ever seen.\" \"This is the only Christmas tree I've ever seen.\" Abby added, looking at the tree, not exactly sure what to think of it all. Owen turned to Abby in disbelief. \"Don't you like Christmas or something?!\" He asked as he noticed her placid expression. She shrugged, mumbling under her breath before replying with a suitable answer. \"It's not that I don't like it, I've never exactly experienced it.\" She explained. Owen stared, his mouth agape, before shaking his head and composing himself. He rushed to the tree before leaning to look underneath the branches – nothing. No presents. This was an emergency. \"Okay, we're going out. Last-minute Christmas shopping will never get old, especially when the person we're shopping for has never experienced Christmas in the first place.\" Owen grinned at Abby, taking her hand and leading her out of the house and to the car. \"Fifth Avenue, on Christmas Eve?\" Abby questioned, unable to comprehend this idea, knowing that New York City would be crawling with last-minute shoppers. Owen nodded, rolling a wad of freshly-banded dollar notes across his palm before opening the car door for Abby who climbed into the cushy interior, followed by Owen. Fifth Avenue glimmered with lights and decorations as the door to the Bentley flew open and Abby and Owen stepped out, peering around in bewilderment. The names of famous brands burst through the lights, catching the attention of the last-minute shoppers and luring them in with their magical window displays. Gucci, Prada, Louis Vuitton. The street was glowing. A grin plastered its way across Abby's face, and she couldn't help but let out a mouthful of laughter as she spotted an ice rink near a Christmas tree that was even more breath-taking than their own. \"So, what do you want to do?\" Owen asked, his eyes scouring the shop fronts and the busy road. Abby sighed, unable to take in all of the beautiful sights. \"Well, we could go ice skating and then go on a shopping spree?\" She suggested, fluttering her eyelids as shimmering snowflakes flickered down onto her golden curls, beneath her crimson red hat, and her black duffle coat. Since moving into their Brookville home, the couple had taken their clothing style to a new level. Owen grinned. \"Sure.\" The ice chilled Owen's body as he held Abby's palm within his gloved hand. Thanks to the frozen lake in Los Alamos, Owen had gotten to grips with ice skating years ago, but Abby wasn't so fluid on the ice. \"You're picking it up pretty quickly though.\" Owen encouraged her as he helped Abby pick herself up, off of the ice. She shrugged, slightly disappointed in her own ability. Luckily for them, the ice rink was relatively empty due to the fact that most people had stopped somewhere for lunch. The couple continued to skate around the edge of the ice, Owen devoting himself to teaching Abby the basics of ice skating. The snow stopped falling and the sky darkened, making the lights glow through the looming clouds even more brightly. \"It'll be dark pretty soon.\" Abby stated, shopping bags in hand. Owen agreed, despite being totally mesmerised by the glow of the Christmas lights. \"I know. But there's one place we need to go first.\" He broke free from his trance, turning to smile at Abby, letting her know that there was a surprise in store. Owen opened the door to Tiffany & Co., letting Abby through the door before following her inside. The interior of the store beamed an innocent white glow, the shop's clerks greeting the customers yet guarding the treasures within the beautiful glass cases. \"What are we doing here?\" Abby whispered, her hand finding Owen's. Owen chuckled. \"Getting you a real Christmas present.\" He explained. Abby's face lit up in delight before frantically looking around the shop. And with Owen's blessing, she scuttled off to peer into the cabinets for something worth having. The Bentley pulled into the drive of the Brookville property in the early-evening shadows of December, accompanied by perfect snowflakes, flickering down onto a blanket of snow. The couple stepped out of the car, leaving Perty to close the door after them, before making their way up the steps and into the house. Abby dumped her armfuls of bags full of gift-wrapped presents beneath the tree, and went to lie down on the couch in the living room. Who knew last-minute Christmas shopping would be so stressful? Owen joined her on the couch after dumping his shopping bags next to hers. With their excessive amounts of spare money, there really wasn't much of a reason for not spending it on luxury goods for themselves and each other at Christmastime. \"So you enjoyed that?\" Owen asked, forcing his eyes to stay open as he spoke. Abby nodded, murmuring something under her breath as she did so. Perty smiled as he watched them out of the corner of his eye before gliding over to the bags of gifts and carefully peering into the bags. Gift-wrapped presents of all shapes and sizes spilt over the rim of the bags, embellished with beautiful ribbon and wrapping paper. He picked each present up carefully and placed them under the tree, arranging them scenically and adjusting their positions with each new present he added to the pile. He couldn't help but beam with excitement, considering that even he didn't know what was wrapped within the ribbons and bows. Abby was awoken by a sharp knock at the door, ringing through the house at about 9:00pm. She looked over to Owen, who still slept in the armchair next to her, the flames from the fireplace licking his cheeks as they crackled with warmth and filled the room with a Christmassy atmosphere. She smiled weakly, her eyes still misty with sleep. She'd only slept for an hour or so, barely even a nap. She extended each limb, stretching them out and clicking them into place before standing and peering around at the room. It all seemed to perfect. A beautifully warm fireplace, colourful cotton stockings, twinkling Christmas lights, a miniature fir tree, glittered roses, wreathes of holly, sprigs of mistletoe and a waft of fresh cinnamon from the freshly-baked cookies on the hearth. That room was the pure embodiment of the word 'Christmas'. The knock ran through the house another time, dragging Abby's thoughts back to door. She yawned, walking out of the living room and into the atrium, faced with the grand tree and the front door. It was dark outside. Abby rubbed her eyes, clearing her vision, before walking to the front door and unlatching the brass chain and placing her hand firmly on the doorknob. Twist. Click. The door opened with a cold blast of winter wind flushing the house. \"Merry Christmas, sweetheart.\" The man in the spats greeted Abby in his British-daubed Southern accent as he stood on the snowy steps of house with a sack full of presents, \"missed me?\"[Chapter 20] Change the Locks Chapter Twenty The white van was parked across the road from the Brookville property, the man in the pinstriped suit crouched over the steering wheel once again. He looked over his shoulder, peering into the back of the van to an army of twelve men, doused in black and armed with loaded tranquilisers and handguns which were placed firmly in their holsters on the belt of each man. \"We'll wait until the right time.\" The man in the pinstriped suit informed the men in the back of the van. They nodded before peering at their watches, waiting. Abby, Owen, Perty and Jasper sat around the dinner table, full plates of food in front of everyone but Abby, who would find her meal that evening. It was just about midday. \"So.\" Jasper began, \"how would you like to open Christmas presents after lunch?\" He asked, swallowing a mouthful of mulled wine and sitting back in his chair. Abby and Owen looked to each other before turning back to Jasper, nodding. \"Sure!\" Owen grinned, excitedly shovelling forkfuls of food into his mouth and swallowing it so quickly that he managed to form a lump in his chest; indigestion. His face scrunched itself up, much to Abby's giggling delight, as he finally let his food go down. Over the meal, Abby and Owen had learnt much about London, and England in general. Jasper even promised to take them to the West End and the Houses of Parliament, not forgetting Big Ben and Harrods. Something about London seemed fresh and exciting, a completely different world to the one that Abby and Owen were used to. After dinner, the curtains in the living room were drawn, the lights on the smaller fir tree were lit and the fire roared with a homely glow that reflected Christmas day perfectly. The cinnamon cookies on the hearth were a mere few crumbs by this point, but the stockings were teaming with gifts. Abby dragged the sack of gifts from under the tree to the couch, where Owen and Perty sat, grinning. Jasper observed from an armchair by the fire, happy and content to see the look on the faces of the others. \"Jasper, we haven't forgotten about you. We were going to mail you the package, but we might as well give it to you now.\" Abby explained, handing Jasper a large cardboard box full of presents, already taped up to be sent to England. Jasper smiled, completely shocked by the idea that Abby and Owen had gone to the trouble to buy him gifts. \"You shouldn't have, really!\" He protested as Abby placed to box on his lap. \"Without you, we wouldn't be here. It's on us, take it.\" She smiled before sitting on the couch with Owen and Perty. Owen ripped open the presents marked with his name and bought for him by Abby. The pair had decided to spend a reasonable amount of time shopping alone on Fifth Avenue, buying gifts for one another in order to make Christmas a surprise. Of course, they'd allowed themselves one gift of their own choice. Amongst other things, Owen had received some very expensive clothing, a sizeable pile of books, a stack of vinyl and a job-lot of candy. However, his favourite gift had to be the Polaroid camera he'd specifically asked Abby for – and she'd done a fantastic job. Abby was given some bottles of beautifully scented perfume, an elegantly crafted dress with a pair of expensive heels to match, another few items of clothing, about fifty dollars' worth of makeup (which Owen had picked out with the help of the pharmacist) and the 18k necklace, encrusted with diamonds, that she'd picked out at Tiffany & Co. Beaming and shaking with excitement, Abby brought Owen's lips to hers in a grateful kiss. Their attention soon turned to Perty, who was extremely thankful for his brand new suit which had been purchased for him by Abby and Owen. Jasper ripped open his box to reveal several little gifts, such as cufflinks and a fountain pen, as well as a polished wooden box with a brass lock and key. He peered up at Abby and Owen with a confused smirk plastered across his face. He looked back at the box before picking up the key to unlock the latch. He carefully pushed the open the lid to reveal a set of glittering poker chips of sterling silver (which were encrusted with black diamonds), a platinum-plated deck of poker cards, alligator skin lining the case and a large coin of 18k gold, the word 'dealer' written in sapphires along the top to signify the dealer button, and three rows of emeralds running along the edge of the button. Jasper's jaw dropped, unable to display his delight. \"Are you serious?\" He asked, laughing. Abby and Owen nodded, beaming, in response. Jasper continued to laugh in disbelief as he closed the lid of the mahogany box and placed it carefully on the floor before walking over to hug Abby and Owen, tears in his eyes. \"My gift to you both is going to look pretty lame now.\" He laughed through the tears of happiness, still clutching Abby and Owen in a hug. \"The fact that you turned up here is a gift in itself.\" Abby smiled, her eyes watering. Jasper grinned, holding up his fore-finger, as he spent a minute rushing to his room to retrieve Abby and Owen's gifts. The van across the road from the Brookville property was quiet, the men within it were entertaining themselves with a simple game of cards. Not long left to wait now. All they had to do was listen for the walkie-talkie to let them know when to go in. In the shrubbery behind the property, two men lay in snow, watching the house from a safe distance. Ready to call in the men from the van. \"Here we go!\" Jasper smiled, handing Abby a nicely wrapped box, and placing one of a similar size on Owen's lap. Abby examined the gift before carefully unwrapping the paper, followed by Owen. Underneath the paper of both presents with polished wooden boxes, both very similar but noticeably different. Abby unlatched her box, lifting the lid to reveal a cushioned lining, and a glittering sterling silver Smith & Wesson pistol with a polished wood handle. Bullets lined the edges of the box, and the gun was loaded, ready for use. Abby gasped, unsure of how to respond. \"Jasper, it's beautiful..\" She whispered, picking up the pistol to get a feel for the revolver. Jasper smiled, happy with Abby's response. \"I have one very similar.\" He remarked before letting his face drop into a serious expression, \"but I'm giving you this as a form of protection. Please don't use this if you really don't have to.\" Jasper explained as the room watched Abby flick at the trigger on the loaded gun, jokingly, before placing it securely back in the box. All eyes turned to Owen, who lifted the latches on his box. Within it rested a shimmering clip-point blade of about six inches, with a mahogany handle, pre-moulded to the hand. Engravings, adorned with sterling silver, travelled up the handle of the knife, until they reached the blade. Owen smirked, lifting the knife from its box and spinning it between his fingers. Despite its frighteningly large size, the knife wasn't all too heavy. \"This is awesome!\" Owen beamed at Jasper, who laughed in response. \"It was hand-crafted in the Philippines, one of a kind. Just don't use it against people when you don't have to.\" Jasper warned them once more, watching as Owen placed the knife back in the box, next to the handle polish and the blade sharpening tools. \"Thank you.\" Abby smiled, followed by Owen, as he placed the weaponry on the shelf behind them. Jasper looked at his glass of wine, noticing that it was empty. \"Can I get another?\" He asked, lifting his glass. Abby and Owen nodded, allowing Jasper to make his way to the kitchen. The men in the snow watched Jasper through binoculars as he poured himself another glass of wine. \"Hey, check it out.\" The man with the binoculars whispered to his partner, who crawled to his side. Jasper, meanwhile, looked out of the window and into the early evening. The snowfall was light, but the blanket of snow on the ground was reasonably thick. As Jasper's eyes skimmed the shrubbery, his vision caught sight of the binoculars staring at the house. A shot of panic electrified his spine, causing his nostrils to flare, before shouting to his friends in the living room. Jasper continued to stare at the binoculars as Abby, Owen and Perty rushed to the kitchen. \"Look.\" He pointed, \"there's someone outside.\" Jasper showed them. The group peered into the shrubbery, squinting. Abby sighed. \"Again? I'll call the cops.\" She shrugged, dialling 911. Jasper's eyes widened, surprised that the household was dealing with the problem so casually. \"Someone broke into the house a few months ago, the cops told us to ring them if we got peepers again.\" Owen explained, again, very casually. Jasper downed his wine, calming himself down. \"Shit.\" The man with the binoculars exclaimed as he brought the walkie-talkie to his mouth, \"they're calling the cops, scatter. Get the hell out of here!\" He panicked as he spoke into the walkie-talkie. The two men in the snow crawled deeper into the shrubbery and out of visibility. Seconds later, the white van drove away from the house, only to be replaced with a cop car, minutes later. Two policemen stood on the steps of the Brookville property on the evening of Christmas day. Owen threw the door open. \"You called?\" A policeman with dark hair asked. Owen nodded, allowing the two cops to make their way into the house. \"Someone broke in a few months ago; the police came and took him out. His motive wasn't to steal anything. We think he wanted something specific from us, and now we've seen another creeper outside and we can't help but get a little worried.\" Owen explained to the police as they jotted everything down into a small notebook. \"I see. Well, we don't know who's actually peering into the property, so we can't file a restraining order. We suggest you change the locks and install a panic button, and hit it if something like this ever happens again.\" The cop with the dark hair explained before being seen out by Perty. \"Well, today was fun. I hope you two had a good Christmas.\" Jasper said, looking through the Polaroid pictures that had been taken throughout the day. The pictures showing Abby and Owen posing in their new outfits couldn't help but make him laugh. \"It was great!\" Abby grinned, tending to the fire. Jasper nodded contently. \"Fantastic. Well, I guess that means I'll be off then.\" He stated, standing up. Abby turned in surprise; she hadn't realised that Jasper would be leaving so soon. \"What? I thought you were staying for longer!\" She whined, rushing over to Jasper, tears in her eyes. He smiled apologetically. \"And I wish I was staying for longer.\" Jasper said, \"but I'm afraid that I really can't. I need to be in Edinburgh by this time tomorrow. I'm sorry, guys.\" He explained as Owen joined Abby's side. She sniffled, dropping her head. \"Okay. Have you already packed..?\" She asked, choking back the tears. Jasper nodded subtly, pulling away from Abby to make his way to his room to retrieve his suitcase. Owen held Abby's hand warmly, a shoulder to cry on, as Jasper made his way up the stairs. Jasper climbed into a taxi, dragging his case behind him. Before the door was closed, Abby wrapped her arms around him in a warm hug, followed by Owen and a handshake from Perty. \"I'll visit you again. Abby, Owen – I love you. Remember what I said about those gifts, but enjoy them. By the way, I've purchased one of these new-fangled portable cellular phones. If you need me then just give me all call. \" Jasper smiled, winking at Abby as he passed her a sheet of paper with his number on, before closing the door and rolling off to the airport, watching Abby, Owen and Perty wave to the taxi from the front gate. The group of three turned to walk through the gate and back along the driveway of the property, the white van pulling up outside the property, once more, as they did so. Abby sat in front of the fire, spinning her revolver around her fingers as Owen lay on the rug, his head on her lap. \"Stop that, I don't want to get shot.\" He pleaded. Abby chuckled before showing him the empty cylinder. \"I unloaded the cylinder.\" She explained. Owen lifted himself from her lap, before going to put a vinyl record on the player. AC/DC, Highway to Hell. Abby looked at Owen in disbelief. \"Seriously? This song?\" She asked Owen who was dancing and singing along by this point. HeHHe nodded, laughing. She decided that she couldn't help herself, and got up to join him, cranking up the volume to its maximum. They couldn't sing along anymore, the only way of releasing their energy was by practically screaming the lyrics. And then the chorus crashed out through the speakers. \"I'm on the highway to hell! Highway to hell! I'm on the highway to hell!\" The couple shrieked in chorus, bursting into a fit of giggles. The man with the binoculars watched house. No movement. He looked to his partner, who nodded, signalling for the man with the binoculars to lift the walkie-talkie to his mouth. \"The time is right. Let's go.\" He whispered. The man in the pinstriped suit leant into the back of his van. \"Okay, boys. Here we go.\" Abby and Owen jumped around the living room, shrieking at the top of their lungs until the chorus thrashed through the speakers for the second time. \"I'm on the highway to hell! Highway to..\" Before Abby could finish her sentence, the front door burst open and twelve armed men rushed into the house, turning Abby's shrieks into real screams of terror. She rushed to her gun, quickly loading it was bullets and holding it out to shoot. Owen dived behind the living room sofa, dragging Abby with him, as the armed men rushed into the living room and the kitchen, frantically firing tranquiliser darts in their direction. Perty howled in pain as the gunmen in the kitchen disabled him with their tranquilisers, resulting in Abby leaping over the sofa in the form of a vampire, aiming her gun at the men. Owen leapt over the sofa after her, in an attempt to stop her from getting hurt. Bang. One down. Bang. And another. Bang. The recoil of the handgun sent Abby's fist to her forehead, knocking her to the ground and allowing one of the men to shoot her in the leg with a tranquiliser dart, which quickly left her unconscious. In an attempt to help Abby up, off of the floor, Owen was also shot with a tranquiliser dart. Blackout. The surviving gunmen left, carrying a single unconscious body with them, as the final guitar riff of Highway to Hell rang out of the speakers.[Chapter 21] Change the Locks Chapter Twenty-One The clock read 2:00am as Abby regained her consciousness, plucking the tranquiliser dart from her calf. Her hands were bloody, the room was dark and light snowflakes fluttered onto a pale blanket of snow outside. She got to her feet, shuffling amongst broken glass and empty cartridges as she stepped slowly through the remains of what had been a perfect Christmas day – well, almost perfect. Abby shook, unable to comprehend what had happened, as she moved to the light switch and carefully pulled the tiny lever. The lights then flickered into life, illuminating the room which held the wreckage of the evening before. She couldn't help but gasp at the state of the room, the furniture ridden with bullet holes, the windows smashed and the lifeless bodies of gunmen strewn across the floor. She cut the lights. The smell of copper and iron – ultimately blood – became poignant as Abby made her way through the hallway and to the kitchen, minding the bodies of gunmen as she moved. The door of the fridge lay on the floor, shot off of its hinges, similar to the light bulb in the top compartment, which had been burst with bullets. The only contents of the fridge were empty cartridges. Abby sighed before turning to see the rest of the kitchen, and Perty's partially-conscious body, which lay across the floor, riddled with darts. \"Holy God.\" Abby gasped under her breath, rushing to the cupboard to retrieve a glass that hadn't been cracked by shells, before filling it with water and feeding it to Perty, who was beginning to regain his consciousness quickly. \"Thank you, child.\" He stuttered, sitting up against the wall. \"He's gone, isn't he?\" Abby asked, plucking the darts out of Perty's legs, watching him wince each time. He sighed, holding his cup firmly, looking Abby in the eye. Perty nodded. She breathed deeply, flicking the last dart out of Perty's thigh, before bringing her hands to her face and shutting off her vision. She knew Owen had gone. They'd taken him – dead or alive, she didn't know. But she knew they'd taken him. And, dead or alive, she was going to find him. The girl with the pale face stood from her crouching position next to the butler, and made her way towards the first body; she had counted four dead. He wore a black bulletproof vest (pity it hadn't worked), a black shirt and trousers, complete with leather army boots and a balaclava. Attached to the vest were numerous pockets, so Abby decided to start with these. Her findings proved rather mysterious: a note scribbled with a series of numbers. She deserted the first body and moved to the second, sat up against the wall in the hallway. Nothing useful, nothing interesting; just a faded ID card. The third proved somewhat helpful, offering her several bags of what seemed to be cocaine – drug dealers, perhaps? The fourth, however, held the most precious of cargo. Abby unzipped the inner pocket of the bulletproof vest, and pulled out a small slip of paper. She carefully unfolded it, revealing a long series of lines and dots; very familiar. Morse code. \"Goddamnit.\" She whispered, sitting at the dinner table, staring at the slip of paper. If only she hadn't left the sheet which translated Morse code taped to the inside of the suitcase, which was probably buried under piles of snow in the middle of Colorado by now. Perty stumbled into the seat next to Abby, gripping the bags of cocaine. \"Now, what would a drug dealer want with you..?\" He asked. Abby stopped pinching the bridge of her nose and looked to Perty. \"Who knows? We have virtually no connections to any drug dealers.\" She responded. Suddenly, it hit them – both of them – and Abby and Perty let their eyes meet. \"But Jasper does.\" They chorused. Abby almost fell of her chair as she rushed to the second body and searched to the pockets until she found the business card. She flipped it over, reading the biro ink on the back of the card: Dealer ID #371F A drug dealer. Perfect. Abby brought the card to the table and placed it down with the other pieces of information. The cocaine, the numbers, the ID card and the Morse code. Abby and Perty stared at the pile of things. \"So, all of this points to the fact that these people who have been stalking us are drug dealers. And who do we know that was once a drug lord?\" Abby asked, running through the situation. \"Jasper.\" Perty confirmed. \"Right. So, perhaps, this has something to do with him.\" She continued. \"But we don't know who these people are! They're drug dealers, yes, but who are they? They may have little or even no connections to Jasper whatsoever, so what proof do we have that these drug dealers hold something against him, and that they rampaged through this place because of him?\" Perty reasoned, bringing a sense of true reality to the situation. Abby pursed her lips, unsure of how to respond. She caught the Morse code in the corner of her eye and quickly snapped it between her fingers, holding it up to Perty. \"Maybe this will help?\" She smirked, waiting for Perty to smile in response. Instead, he retrieved a slip of paper from his pocket, holding Jasper's cell phone number. \"And perhaps this will too.\" The sunrise shed through a small skylight above the cell that held Owen captive, deep in the industrial warehouses of New York City. His consciousness had just floated back into him, and he had only just noticed that he was cut and bruised; strapped tightly to a chair. He struggled, the rope chaffing and burning his forearms. \"Help!\" He coughed, his throat dry. His voice echoed around the cell, followed by the snap of the door and the entrance of a dealer in a dark suit. \"Shut up, kid.\" He snapped, sending a quick and worryingly casual smack across Owen's face. The dealer deemed this as acceptable, but Owen happened to explode in a stream of blasphemy. \"You fuck!\" He screamed, struggling in his chair. \"That's nice.\" The dealer commented, picking a piece of food out of his teeth with a toothpick. Suddenly he leaned in, \"let me explain.\" Owen lifted his head, willing to listen. The dealer grinned. \"What do you want from me?\" Owen asked, blood smeared across his cheek. \"You have a friend, the Henri-Clement bastard, am I correct? You see, it's him. His shitty little family almost forced our dealership into bankruptcy, diminishing our status and robbing our COE of the title of 'drug lord'. He stole everything from us. Well, my manager. He didn't personally take anything from me. Anyway, this is exactly why we've ransacked his house, kidnapped you and destroyed everything he loves! It's a matter of, how shall I say, revenge .\" The dealer explained. Owen's eyes widened. \"What have you done to Abby?!\" He growled, determined to ensure her safety. The dealer raised his eyebrow comically. \"Who? Oh, your little girlfriend. She's fine… or at least she was the last time I saw her!\" The dealer explained, bursting into a fit of laughter. Owen let his shoulders sag, reflecting his depression within. \"Why now?\" He asked, breaking the silence, \"why not fifty years ago?\" The dealer looked at his prisoner the wittiness falling in him – he seemed to be no longer in the mood for it. He stood and leaned into Owen, his glare terrorizing. \"We needed to wait until he had something he truly loved; i.e. you and the girl. Because it's when you love something so deeply that it makes you completely and utterly vulnerable to attack.\" The final sentence flickered off of the dealer's snake-like tongue in a sinister manner, causing Owen to flinch. He knew that his captor was on edge, ready to cause excruciating pain to whatever was around him. He was truly an unsavoury character, strong and unbeatable. The dealer paced around the room. \"You seem strong. Maybe that's because you've never loved someone deeply enough to get hurt.\" Owen whispered, slightly able to relate. The dealer stopped pacing, and quivered. Anger rose up in him as he cracked his knuckles and placed his thumb and forefinger to his lips to whistle, signalling the door to swing open. Two men in similar suits filed in, one holding a bat and the other sporting a pair of knuckledusters. \"Hurt him.\" The dealer ordered, his eyes following the thugs' brutal movements, which were accompanied perfectly by Owen's painful screams. Abby sat in the New York Public Library, flipping through a book which studied the Morse code, writing down the alphabet and translating the slip of paper into a notepad. She finished the final letter and read the full message in her head: Nueva Vida, Inc. Warehouse Complex 2000 P Street Northwest New York City, Queens 10001 (718) 908-4457 \"Gotcha.\" She whispered. She quickly slipped the notepad into her pocket and found the aisle from which she borrowed the book, before sliding it back into place. Abby settled herself in the Bentley and passed Perty the address. \"Let's check it out.\" Twenty-five minutes passed before the Bentley rolled into the industrial section of Queens, close to the warehouse complex. A strong sense of familiarity and déjà vu nipped at Abby's mind, irritating her as she couldn't quite remember when she'd been to this place before. Finally, the Bentley turned into the complex and the memory sizzled Abby's brain and suddenly the image of a man being thrown out of a building and shooting a police officer fit the scene. The scene played perfectly as the girl with the pale face realised that this was the very place she had first met Sebastian Henri-Clement. She grinned before removing the polaroid from her bag to take a photo. Snap. \"Is this the place?\" Perty asked. Abby beamed. \"Sure is. And you know what? It's time to give Jasper a call.\"[Chapter 22] Change the Locks Chapter Twenty-Two The phone buzzed and Abby held the landline to her ear, chewing at her fingernails nervously. An orderly crackle sparked through the wire and bounced across Abby's eardrum. \"Hello, Jasper Henri-Clement speaking.\" The voice on the end of the phone delivered. Abby gasped in relief. \"Jasper, something real bad happened, you have to come back here right now..\" Jasper shushed Abby as she drilled the latest information quickly down the phone. \"Abby, honey, I can't do that.\" He explained, \"My flight leaves in ten minutes!\" Abby growled, irritated by the fact that Jasper wouldn't let her finish. She hardened her tone. \"No, listen to me. These drug dealers rampaged through the house, shot us down, destroyed all our stuff and kidnapped Owen. You don't have a choice, Jasper. You have to help us.\" Abby explained, not allowing Jasper to speak until she'd finished. She heard a slight gasp through the phone as she finished. Jasper stood in the airport, busy people rushing by him as they hurried to their gates. His eyes widened as the situation clicked. His grip loosened. His phone fell from his hand. He dropped his bags. He sprinted out of the airport to hail a cab. Feedback buzzed through Abby's landline as Jasper's phone hit the floor. Silence dominated the line until the phone automatically hung up, and the familiar fuzz began. Abby became breathless, lowering the phone from her ear and clutching it in her hands before carefully placing it back on the hook. \"Well?\" Perty questioned, concerned by Abby's expression. She nodded slowly, still anxious. \"He's coming.\" The boor thundered as Jasper's closed fist thumped it aggressively. Abby has been sitting, eyes bloodshot and fingers red-raw. Both her and Perty leapt up and rushed to the door, opening it quickly and allowing Jasper to rush in with a screwdriver in his hand and a large rock in the other. Abby watched, confused, as he pushed through the pair of bodies and hurried to the staircase. Abby flashed Perty a confused look, unsure of what Jasper was doing, as they followed him to the staircase. They found Jasper knocking on each wooden step, listening carefully after every knock; he travelled up the steps until he reached the seventh panel, knocking on it several times. After knocking the fourth time, he took the screwdriver and wedged it between the side panel and upper floorboard, before taking the rock and slamming it onto the end of the screwdriver several times until the upper floorboard panel split from the side panel. He quickly ripped the floorboard up to reveal a safe, which was unlocked just as rapidly. Within the safe was a set of keys that seemed oddly unused, despite being obviously old and dusty. Jasper picked the keys up carefully before slamming the safe closed and leaving the floorboard lying on the lower step. Throughout this chain of events, Abby watched in shock – she didn't know that there was a secret set of mysterious keys hiding under the staircase. Jasper didn't have time to toss a witty smile at Abby, and continued to hurry to the kitchen and kneel down by a panel underneath one of the work benches. He slid a kitchen tile out of the way to reveal a hole in the floor that was just large enough for him to put his hand in and push the keys into the lock, twisting them. He removed the keys and slid the panel under the work bench out of the way, revealing a dark tunnel. Jasper scuttled into the crawl space, gesturing for Abby and Perty to follow. \"This is just so cliché..\" Abby whispered as she sunk to her kneels and crawled into the tunnel. Jasper waited for Perty to enter, and closed the panel after him, leaving the three friends in the pitch black. Abby and Perty knelt in silence, waiting for instructions, but none came. Instead, the sound of friction and accompaniment of a spark that ignited into fire came as Jasper struck a match for light. \"Forward.\" He ordered. \"For how long?\" Abby asked, watching Jasper's eyes as they glowed in the dark. \"Just go forward!\" He insisted. Abby sighed and did as she was told, crawling along the tunnel on her hands and knees. She crawled for a good five minutes before reaching a dead end, a metal panel with a complicated-looking lever. \"Jasper?\" She called for assistance. \"It's easier than it looks, grab the metal pole and twist.\" She did as instructed and dragged the panel across, revealing a space large enough to stand in and a set of stairs that led to a complex set of rooms under the house. Her eyes widened as she scrambled to her feet and rushed down the stairs into what seemed like a luxurious safe house. \"Holy. Shit.\" Abby whispered as she stood in awe. The room the three friends had arrived in seemed like the main part of the elaborate basement. There were food stores (and means in which to cook the food), filing cabinets, weapons of all natures hanging on the wall, a phone, several maps of different countries and maps specific to New York as well as a desk with writing supplies. In a room leading on from this main 'office' was a punch bag, several mannequins and training dummies as well as a shooting range – the walls were certainly sound-proof. The bathroom included a shower, a tub, a toilet and a vanity table. The last room was simple but important: several comfortable bunk-beds for visitors to sleep in. Jasper stood in front of the two others, his arms open in a friendly pose. \"Welcome to the safe-house and the boardroom. It is here we will plan and train for Owen's rescue.\" Abby grinned sneakily as Jasper spoke, before running to embrace him in a strong hug. Owen sat, strapped to the chair, in his darkened cell. He'd been strapped to the chair for three days now, with nothing to eat and only a couple of glasses of water to drink. A gash on his arm has become infected, he knew it. Lumps of yellow gloop leaked out of the scabs every so now and again; and it was disgusting. His trousers were stagnant with the scent of his own urine, unable to move to use a proper bathroom. The conditions were unsanitary. A thug kicked the door open and strode up to Owen with a glass of water, forcing it down his throat as the boy gasped for air. \"I thought you were drug dealers, not the fucking mafia.\" He gulped. The thug chuckled, however Owen couldn't decide if it was sarcastic or not. \"Why are you keeping me alive? I thought you'd be dumb enough to just kill me on the spot.\" He asked. The thug turned to him and leant in, before tapping the side of his nose with his finger. So, there was something they were hiding from Owen. Not good news, at all. Perty and Abby sat at the desk in the boardroom with cups of tea, and Jasper ran through the plan one more time, gesturing towards the chalkboard with everything they needed written on it. Abby grinned, sipping from her cup, as Jasper stated each advancement that was to be made the following evening, when they would strike.[Chapter 23] Change the Locks Chapter Twenty-Three Jasper shot his last bullet into the target at the end of the shooting range before smiling to Abby and removing his earmuffs. \"We ready?\" He grinned, questioning his partner in crime. \"We ready.\" She confirmed, spinning two revolvers on her forefingers and elegantly sliding them into the holsters on the side of her belt, and they sat comfortably next to her knives. Jasper slipped a bulletproof vest over his black jumper, and strapped protective pads to his elbows and knees. He carried a knife, lethal enough to kill, two revolvers, a handgun and a submachine gun on his back. They were set and ready to go. 10:29pm – the arrival. \"One minute early, perfect.\" Jasper whispered, looking at the warehouse through the window of the Bentley, driven by Perty. Abby budged over to get a better look. \"There's no movement on the outside as far as I can see, so I'm guessing they have security on the inside – meaning that as soon as we are noticed, they'll go into lockdown, no way out. This is why we have to be subtle. Leave nothing to chance, leave no one to chance. Don't leave any blood unshed tonight.\" Abby made her orders clear to Jasper, who nodded whilst listening intently. \"And most importantly, stick together. We want our back's covered.\" 10:30pm – the entrance to the warehouse. Abby and Jasper slithered out of the car, closing the door quietly behind them and arming themselves with guns, ready for attackers. The chain-link fence proved no problem for Abby, who carried Jasper up on her back and smoothly slid down to the concrete parking lot on the other side. They were now officially in the warehouse compounds. Several gas tanks lay dormant on the other side of the car park; whilst not much use to the pair now, perhaps they would prove fruitful later that night. Jasper and Abby carefully crawled amongst the rubble alongside the warehouse, in order to blend into their surroundings and attract as little attention as possible. \"Wait here.\" Jasper mouthed to Abby, before carefully scuttling out of the rubble and making his way silently to the back door. Abby aimed her gun at the door in preparation, as Jasper rattled his nails on the metal frame. He immediately hugged the wall as cover, and placed his ear to the wall. He heard muffled voices within the building, which became progressively louder as footsteps became audible and the door eased open, revealing a suited figure. Without taking one step outside, he was immediately shot in the forehead by Abby, who revealed herself from the rubble instantly after shooting the target. She scurried over to Jasper as another agent ran to see where the noise was coming from. Abby took her knife and plunged the blade into the second man's throat, with the tip of the blade exiting at the base of the head; not even giving him to time to gargle his breath. The two partners stepped carefully over the bodies and entered the building, silently closing the doors behind them. 10:47pm – the search commences. Jasper and Abby made their way carefully down each hallway, busting each door and shooting inhabitants if they came across them. So far, there had been no sign of Owen. \"I suspect he is at the heart of the building.\" Jasper whispered to Abby, who nodded in agreement. The pair continued to tread carefully down the hallway, before reaching a sharp. Abby held her gun ready and peered around the corner. At that moment, the layout of the warehouse became clear. The basement acted as a large open-top cell, with railings surrounding the first floor which overlooked the cell; there seemed to be a long drop from the first floor to the bottom of the basement. The first floor centred on the railed walkway which could be used as a viewing theatre for the torture that obviously would take place in the basement. From this walkway, lead off several corridors and hallways, and the perimeter of the walkway was guarded by thugs with loaded guns. Abby breathed deeply before turning around to inform Jasper. She twisted her neck, and was immediately met with a gun to her forehead as an agent held the revolver in one hand and strangled Jasper against the wall with the other. Although overcome with panic, Abby remained calm and felt the force of the gun's barrel on her forehead. She leant forward slightly, enough for the barrel to slip a small amount as the agent pressed down on the trigger; but not completely. She continued to lean forward, and the trigger became tenser with each slip of the barrel. Finally, Abby leant forward enough for the gun to slip from her forehead just as the shot fired into mid-air, resulting in a huge bang which alerted the warehouse to their presence. Abby immediately slit the throat of the gunman who had just shot, freeing Jasper. 11:13pm – the rampage. Contrary to the rule set in place by Abby earlier that evening, the pair split up, taking different directions down the railed walkway, both shooters with a gun in each hand. They fired liberally, with great aim, landing bullets in the thug's heads. Luckily for the two shooters, the warehouse gunmen were not skilled with firearms. New agents filed out from the hidden corridors, but Jasper and Abby defended themselves with great skill as they continued to send bullets through chests and heads. Abby was grabbed from behind, but quickly slashed her attacker across the back of the neck with a knife before he could hurt her. She sprinted down the walkway, trying to see over the railing, hoping Owen was the prisoner held captive in the cell. Jasper's revolvers proved useless after he ran out of ammo, and used his handgun to send bullets into the hearts of the unskilful attackers. A thug grabbed his gun from him, throwing it over the railing and sending it into the cell. He was left armed with only his knives and his submachine gun (which he hoped he wouldn't have to use.) He dodged a hard punch, and counterattacked the thug by stabbing him in the lungs – the one area the attacker had left unprotected. Abby and Jasper met as the walkway joined at the other side, both holding dull knives. She looked over the railing and noticed a weakened Owen strapped to the chair. \"I have to get him. Hold them off just a little longer?\" She asked Jasper. \"Sure thing, darlin'!\" He screamed with adrenaline before sending a knife through an attacker's neck. Abby swung herself over the railing, just avoiding a thug trying to slash her. She watched him fall to the cell floor, unconscious, and she slid down the concrete wall and landed relatively cleanly on the ground. Jasper slashed what seemed like the final attacker to death, but was then confronted by tall man brandishing a sharp knife. He flicked the knife skilfully as he approached Jasper, who held his own knife out in front of him as protection. The knifeman lunged in an attempt to stab, but this attack was blocked by Jasper's knife. Abby ran across the cell to Owen, but immediately slowed when she saw the door on the right-hand wall open. From the door came a suited man. Before he could catch sight of her, Abby picked Jasper's fallen handgun off of the floor; only one bullet remained within it. 11:21pm – the final stand-off. \"What the fuck do you think you're doing?\" The man in the pinstripe suit asked. Abby's lip quivered as she remained silent. \"Well?\" He asked again. She took a deep breath, noticing Jasper and the knifemen continuing to battle on the first floor. \"I think the question is, why did you kidnap my friend?\" She spoke sternly. The suited man laughed casually. \"Because of that little shit up there.\" He pointed at Jasper. Abby quickly turned to look back at the suited man. \"What's he done to you?\" She demanded. The suited man raised his eyebrows, surprised. \"You don't know who I am? I'm the guy your boy up there ripped off. I'm the original drug lord, not that bastard. He deserves everything he gets, which is why I took his little friend here hostage.\" The drug lord himself pointed the gun at Owen. Abby gasped, determined not to let Owen get hurt again. \"But he's not a drug dealer anymore, he's clean – well, relatively. Just let him go, we didn't mean any harm.\" Abby explained, coming off as a bit too friendly for the situation. \"You didn't mean no harm?! Then why are all my men fucking dead, huh?\" The drug lord scoffed, his thick Brooklyn accent acting on every word. Abby sighed, unsure of how to explain the reasoning for the attack. \"What goes around comes around, I guess. You attack us, then its right back at you.\" She stated, looking the drug lord in the eye. He paced back and forth, unsure of how to respond. \"Look, I'm in a good mood.\" He began, \"so I'm gonna give you a choice. Either you kill me – I'm unarmed - and your friend Jasper up there dies, or you kill my friend and your boy Owen dies. Your choice, kid.\" The drug lord announced, as Abby's heart pounded. Jasper dodged a slash in the back from the knifeman, and managed to punch him in the face as a counterattack, giving him just enough time to shout a few words down to Abby. \"Abby, I'll be fine. Let Owen live. You need him more than me!\" Abby's eyes weld up with tears, unsure of what to do. \"Abby, I'm going to die anyway.. save Jasper.\" Owen spluttered, barely able to maintain consciousness. \"Don't listen to him, Abby! Look, it's my time now. It's my time to die. It's his time to live. Just let me go.\" Jasper shouted before getting punched to the floor by the knifeman. Abby wept in shock as she watched her friend get hurt. \"I haven't got all night, Abby.\" The drug lord teased. She raised the gun to him and slowly pushed tension on the trigger, as she watched Jasper being punched to death above her. She loaded more pressure onto the gun as Jasper attempted to fight back and failed. And that's when she pulled the trigger, at the same time in which she was pushed off balance by the agent that had fallen over the railing and had regained consciousness. He misguided bullet hit Owen in the chest and Abby froze, overwhelmed with shock. The drug lord's mouth formed a surprised 'o' shape, as even he didn't see that coming. Even the beating stopped as the knifeman turned to see the outcome of the shot. Silence commenced throughout the warehouse. \"That. Is. Hilarious .\" The drug lord chuckled, unable to control his sick happiness. Abby fell to her knees as Owen bled out. \"Never did I imagine the night would end..\" The drug lord was cut off by a hail of bullets that showered over him, causing Abby to look up. Jasper stood on the first floor, the dead body of the knifeman slumped next to him. Abby watched the drug lord and the fallen agent meet with the floor in their sudden deaths. But, somehow, there was no satisfaction whatsoever. 11:47pm – the turning. Abby rushed to Owen's side as he slumped in the chair. Jasper regained his breath on the first floor as Abby sobbed over Owen's dying body. She knew the time would come eventually, but it seemed a pity that it would arrive in this way. Abby leaned up and kissed Owen's neck, before sinking her fangs into his soft flesh, and pumping her venom into his blood. He died then and there, and Jasper came to the railing to watch as Abby fed on his blood. She pulled out her fangs, wiping her mouth clean of blood, and both her and Jasper watched Owen's body as it remained still. Seconds later, he spluttered back into 'life' in a fit of coughs. Abby watched as his eyes opened in a flash of silver. She knew, finally, that they were the same now. Owen was a vampire. Owen was nursed back to health at their Long Island home, but due to the fact that he actually died before being turned, he was unable to retain certain skills a normal vampire would naturally have. He couldn't turn people, and he would age normally. \"Owen, I have a gift for you.\" Abby whispered, handing her boyfriend a small box. He smiled, unsure of what could be inside, and opened the container carefully to reveal a silver ring, identical to Abby's. \"Abby..\" He breathed, unsure of how to thank her. \"I bought it in Aurora. I knew one day I'd have to turn you.\" She sighed. Owen looked up at Abby, then turned to Jasper, and finally to Perty. \"Perty, I want you to grant me the ring.\" Owen grinned eventually. Perty seemed taken aback, as if he completely didn't expect this at all. Abby grinned at Perty. \"Just place the ring on his middle finger, and watch the magic happen.\"[Chapter 24] Change the Locks Epilogue - Six years later, July 1990, Florida - Owen drove slowly down the highway, Abby sitting shotgun, in the red convertible Cadillac as the sun set on Miami Beach. The road was deserted, allowing Abby's hand to slice the wind as she stretched her arm out of the car. \"Not long now.\" Owen commented, looking at Abby; eighteen years of age. He was only one year ahead of her, but they fit perfectly. \"Neat.\" She smiled quietly. They had only a few bags in the trunk of the car, and planned to stay in motels until they found a house of their own in Miami. Staying in New York proved too difficult, especially after Jasper's death. After Owen's rescue, Jasper returned to England – or he would've done, if the airplane hadn't plummeted into the ocean due to engine failure. It left Abby broken, but Owen worked to fix her. She still wasn't the same, but she was still beautiful to him. The Cadillac rolled into the motel parking lot, and the couple retrieved their bags from the trunk, before locking up and checking in at the desk. \"This will work, just for tonight.\" Owen said as he unpacked his clothes. The pair had spent weeks travelling down from New York through Pennsylvania, Virginia, the Carolinas and Georgia to reach Florida, staying a different room each night. \"I'm glad we left.\" Abby mumbled, looking back on the difficulty of the past few years. She couldn't have lived another day in that big old house in Long Island, not with the memory of who she would call her father haunting the halls. Owen took a deep breath, watching Abby from the bed as she brushed her teeth. She spat her toothpaste in the sink and finished up, turning to see Owen gesture for her to come over. She smiled slightly, walking slowly over to the bed and sliding under the duvet, next to Owen. Their lips met in a passionate kiss and she felt the muscles in his back tense up. Owen's hands explored the curvaceous delicacy of her hips as he turned to lie on top of her – their lips never leaving each other as they did so. The rhythm of their kiss had not yet been broken, but Owen pulled away, to give his lover one final look; one last chance to say 'no'. They looked each other in the eyes, and Abby's teeth found their way over her bottom lip in confirmation that tonight was the night. Owen grinned, almost greedily, but only because he knew how lucky he was to have a girl like her. His hands found their way to her shorts, and her slowly slid them down her smooth legs, revealing the lace lining the edges of her underwear. Abby released a quiet moan as Owen pulled his shirt off, and unbuttoned his jeans. Abby slipped her vest top off, before removing her underwear and allowing Owen to unhook her bra at the same time. Owen slid his boxers off and leant down to kiss Abby one more time before they began. He placed himself within her, and although there was a sharp pain to begin with, the friction eventually evolved into a luscious pleasure that neither of them had experienced before. By far, it had been the most sensual night of their lives, and nothing would top that. Nothing ever . - Thirteen days later- Owen sipped the milk from his spoon before crunching on the cereal immediately after, and Abby mirrored his actions as she sat across the table. \"There's plenty of choice here though. A lot of nice houses to choose from, it'll be difficult.\" Owen commented as the couple discussed housing plans in another Miami motel. Abby nodded. \"Although I don't think it needs to be as big as the house in..\" Abby began to trail off as she clutched her stomach. Owen furrowed his brow in confusion. Abby retched, and immediately ran to the bathroom, throwing up her breakfast into the toilet bowl. Owen stood up to help his girlfriend, but she simply pushed the door closed, rejecting his assistance. Understandable. He sat back down, concerned, and refusing to continue until Abby returned. He heard the toilet flush the tap turn on, supposedly so Abby could clean herself up. The door clicked open, and Abby stepped out, wiping her mouth with a sickly expression on her face. \"Are you okay?\" Owen asked, standing to hug her. She wrapped her arms around him in and embrace. \"Owen.\" She whispered. \"What is it?\" He asked in response. She lifted her lips to his ear and whispered: \"I'm pregnant.\" Author's note: Hey, everyone. I just want to say as a final note that this fanfiction has been a pleasure to write, by far my favourite. And I'm really really sad it's over – you have no idea how much I cried writing this epilogue as I feel like the characters are a part of me, because I've developed them into the people they are now, in this final chapter. Thank you so much for reading this and waiting months for updates (sorry, I've been busy) but I hope this ending has been worthy enough and I really hope you've enjoyed the ride, because I certainly have. But anyway, thank you so so much! ","Summary":" Change the Locks ('Let Me In' fanfiction) Owen's body jolted forward ever so slightly as the train "},{"Movie":"SWAT","Title":"All cause I fell in love","Author":"masked-in-your-shadows","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2280750","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"All right team, let's move!\" Hondo yelled from outside the locker room, we all jogged lightly to the SWAT truck. A call had just come in, high school shooting, with a hostage situation. I hated this kind of call the most. When kids were involved, everything was tougher. Our team had been off Fuller's shit list for almost a year now, and we had been getting a lot of action. The whole team seemed to grow up in front of my eyes. I remember them all as fresh meat, and me being the only seasoned SWAT member among them. But now, with the exception of Jesse, we were a seasoned SWAT team. It was hard to fill TJ's place, and we hadn't had much luck at it. We had a new guy once a month practically. Then Jesse came along. Jesse Gaska had been on the force for less than a year, but Fuller said he was one of the best. Best test scores, best physical shape of all graduates, and best reasoning skills he had seen in a long time. Jesse seemed like an okay guy. He was just new to the SWAT thing. Only on the team about three weeks. He had the whole macho thing going, but I knew in my gut that if it came down to it, he would take a bullet for any one of us. But while I looked at him now, I didn't see any doubt in his eyes. He was stonewalled and confident, ready to take on what was coming. \"Mount up!\" Hondo yelled from the front.\"Here's the situation. We're got a group of teenagers, six fully armed with automatic weapons. They have body armor, and are to be considered dangerous.\" \"Teenagers? Armed and dangerous? What is this shit Hondo?\" Deke said, almost not believing it himself. \"Yeah Deke, they took the lunch room hostage. Apparantly, we already a number of wounded inside, no fatalities are recorded yet. You have to get inside fast, but safe. But these kids obviously have spent a long time planning, and they're gonna make it hard on us. The outside front entrance are wired with explosives, and the others are closely gaurded with automatic machinery. The only ways in are air vents, and the roof.\" \"Got it Hondo,\" Jesse stated,\"What's our set up?\" \"You and Deke will take the roof of the Lunch room, there's a workman's entrance that leads to the upper awnings that has been left open. Street, Boxer, you get us a video link, and then take posts by the entrance doors, Sanchez, you are the most crucial. You'll head up through the air vents. There's an opening that drops out next to the stage where our guys are conducting business. You have to drop out unseen, and give the signal to move out. Street, you cover her from the left door. Deke and Jesse will be on post in the lighting awnings, ready to shoot when you give the signal. Boxer, you have to take out the guards with the most non-lethal of a shot as you can get, and storm the doors to provide back up as neccesary.\" \"Got it,\" I replied, going over both the blue prints, and the plan in my mind. I had an easy part this time, link to video, and gaurd the doors. Easy enough. Sanchez looked anxious as she studied the prints closer. I gave her a pat on the shoulder. \"Don't worry Chris, just count the vents,\" She smirked back at me, as if to say, easier said than done. She pulled out her picture of Eliza, and gave it a quick kiss before stuffing it back under her vest. I have a lot of respect for that, doing this kind of shit everyday for your kid. That girl has one hell of a mom. \"Aright, Let's rock and roll,\" Deke bounced lightly on his feet, he was obviously getting the adrenalin buzz already. \"Yeah lets do this!\" Jesse said. We streamed out of the van, each of us heading off in our respective directions. Boxer and Me got the video link done in about four seconds, and took our posts outside the cafeteria doors. One of us on either side of the building. It was a long, and nerve wracking wait. This plan was kind of iffy, but it was all we had. Periodically, Hondo's voice would sound over the radios, and the only ones who were in a place to respond were myself and Boxer. I watched Chris drop slowly and undetected into the room. Her hand went up, and motioned forward. The signal, Hondo thundered over the radio. \"Street Boxer, Move move move!\" I raised my gun, and kicked open the door, and threw a tear gas canister. A metallic thud sounded as gun hit the floor. I moved quickly, with my gun still raised, and founded a kid on the ground clawing at his eyes. I kneeled down, and shoved my knee ito his back as I cuffed him one-handed, keeping my gun raised and eyes up. \"Got One,\" I called over the radio. Seconds later Boxer sounded over the radios. \"Two more down,\" He called out. Half of them down. I moved slowly out to the open cafeteria, as gunshots fired. THere must have been sixty or seventy kids in the lunch room, lying belly first on the ground. No one screamed, they were past that kind of fear. The boy shooting off rounds locked eyes with mine, and stopped to reload, he never took his eyes off me, I checked my clip, and realized I had to reload. I couldn't reach for my clip, and reload faster than this guy. His hand was second away from grasping the trigger. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Chris rifle off a shot with her MP-5. The boy's gun clattered to the ground, and he fell to the gound clutching his leg. Chris sounded off. Four down, two more. A girl fell to the gound in the back, gun in hand. Jesse was next to call out on the radio. \"Fifth man down.\" \"Explosives disabled,\" Boxer called again. One kid left. They were well hidden, I saw no signs of activity. Then, a rustling in the back of the room caught my attention. There was a boy in the back moving around. His back was to me and Chris, who had arrived by my side, gun up. I called out. \"You in the back, turn around with you hands up,\" as I yelled, my fingers tensed around the trigger. The boy whipped around, launching off a round at the same time. Chris and I both pulled our triggers, only to hit the wall behind the fallen gunman. He had already been shot. I didn't see which direction it came from, and stood silently for more than a few seconds, listening for someone to sound out. What if there was a gunman we didn't catch? Finally, a voice came across the radio. \"All clear,\" Deke sounded off. Isighed in relief. Chris loosened up next to me. We both must have thought the same thing. \"Clear,\" Chris's voice called. \"Clear,\" Jesse sounded next, he sounded, like always, clear and confident. \"Clear,\" Boxer called in his cocky style. \"Street?\" Hondo asked over radio. \"All clear in here Hondo,\" I said somewhat shakily. That was some crazy shit. I surveyed the crowd and saw Chris. She was next to a boy about eighteen who was badly hit, trying to comfort him. He took it twice in the left shoulder. Chris knew what that was like. A kid no more than fifteen was up against the wall, blood pooling at his feet from a shot in the shin. Otherwise, the group seemed ok. \"I need two RA units, for hostages with gun shot wounds\" Chris's usually strong voice shook across the radio. The medics came streaming through the doors, and they took the kids to safety. The rest of the cafeteria was cleared out by local PD. \"Good work out there you guys.\" No one replied to Hondo's comment, we were all coming off an adrenalin high and were wiped. We were done. Fuller sent in other teams to search the school Chris pulled out her picture of Eliza again, and just stared at it. I wanted to get inside her head and figure out what she was thinking. \"Sanchez,\" I whispered softly. She looked up at me and swallowed hard. \"What drives kids to do that Jim? Why do they do that to other kids? Nobody's safe. It makes me wanna go take Eliza and never let her go.\" She laughed to try and push away tears that were threatening to spill over. \"Hey, those kids weren't in their right minds Chris. They weren't thinking straight. You know, the normal population won't go psycho like that.\" I didn't want her to cry. It wouldn't be right; it would be awkward. The one thing that got to her like that was Eliza. \"Yeah I know Jim,\" she said as she stood up, and brushed it off. \"Just another job, right?\" \"Right\" We all piled back into the truck and headed home. That was enough to deal with for a day. I took a cab to the bar, and downed a couple of Guinesses before calling another cab back home. I crashed out on the couch, and tried to forget the day.[Chapter 2] AN: thanks for all the good responses. I decided to put up another chapter. I've written a whole bunch but don't knowif I should keep it the way it is, or go in a whole different direction. Tell me if you like what you see, and if I should continue or not. Tell me if you don't like what you see too, response is always awesome. I woke up to Rizzo licking my nose. That's how I woke up everyday, so just because it's the day I finally have off after weeks straight, why would it be any different? Five in the morning, on a Thursday, and I still couldn't get any sleep. Crazy dog. I was about to put her outside and go back to bed when I realized that I was already up, so why not just get started. Me and Rizzo went out on a run on the beach like normal, about six miles, and then I took her back home, before I headed out to the gym. I got an hour in there, and went back home to grab a shower and change. It was eight o' clock by then, and I figured I would just hang around all day. I watched about twenty minutes of ESPN before I was bored out of my mind. I needed to get out of the house, but, the only problem was, I have no friends except for SWAT. None of them would be up yet, so I just pulled my bike out and went on a ride. It was nice. I weaved in and out of the bike lane, not caring about anything except whether or not I was going to turn left or right. I got caught up in my thoughts, and found myself thinking about what had happened the day before. Chris had really saved my ass. That guy wanted to tear me up and down into peices. He was reloading just for me, I could tell. She had seen too. I was broken from my thoughts as I slammed into something hard. I fell to the pavement, unaware of exactly what had just happened. I stood up to find thatI had ridden directly into a car. A parked car. I looked around to see if anyone else had seen. Then I realized I was at Chris's house. Why? I dont know. But there I was, an idiot standing next to a Honda Civic, holding my head, and laughing at the fact that I had just rammed a parked car with my bicycle. Another familiar laugh rang out. \"Having some issues there Street?\" Chris laughed from her front porch. \"Ah...what can I say, speechless,\" I said as I shrugged my shoulders and grinned. She laughed again. \"Yeah? So what brings you here on our day off?\" She said. I figured she would ask me that. \"I...don't..exactly know...\" I trailed off, rubbing my head. \"Well, Eliza's at school, you wanna hang out? Preferably not on the bike...\"She said, smirking back at me. \"Sounds good to me,\" I said,\"But first, could I wash the gravel out of my palms. That'd be nice.\" \"Yeah, go ahead, you can come in, you remember where the bathroom is right?\" \"Yeah,\" I said as I walked up fer front porch holding my raw hands in front of me, palms up. They had that weird burning feeling. I walked into Chris's house, remembering how much I loved the smell. It smelled a lot more feminine than I was used to, and I liked it. I headed down the hall towards the bathroom. I was still laughing to myself over the circumstances. What was I doing in Chris's house? Sure, we had gone and hung out a lot, and I had gone inside, but Eliza was always there. It seemed different, because we were alone. I finished rinsing the dirt and rocks off my hands, and I was going to go back to the front of the house, but a picture in the hall way caught my eye. It was Chris and Eliza. Eliza was laughing hysterically and pointing at something just beyond the edge of the paper, and Chris was laughing at her daughters giddiness. It must have been about a year old now, because Chris's arm was up in a sling, and wrapped in white gauze. It was right after the Montel incident; right after she got shot. She looked so happy, just happy to be with her daughter. It was beautiful. \"Nice picture huh?\" Chris whispered, making me jump about a mile out of my shoes. She laughed and grinned at me. \"Jumpy?\" Naw, it's not like that Chris, you just...caught me by surprise,\" I muttered, trying to keep the smallest peice of my machoism. \"Yeah yeah yeah, you keep telling yourself that Jim.\" She laughed again, and the turned her attention back to the photo. \"Yeah, I think she was laughing at the guy across the street.\" She said,\" If I remember right, his leaf blower was...malfunctioning.\" We both laughed at that, and I caught the tone of her voice, it wasn't loud and annoying like most laughs were to me, it was like music to my ears. \"So, what do you wanna do?\" I asked. \"Anything, as long as I am home by three to pick Eliza up from school.\" she said, and then thought quickly and added, \"and sober.\" \"Yeah, well that pretty much rules out anything I was thinking.\" I said, almost totally serious. \"We could just drive around and stop when something looks good,\" Chris offered. That was the best idea I had heard all day. \"Sounds perfect,\"I said, and flashed her a smile. I caught myself as I bared the pearly whites. What was I doing? That was my pretty boy smile, and Chris was my partner. I have to keep myself in control. \"Lets go.\" She said, and we headed out to her Civic. I pulled the seatbelt across my chest, and decided minutes later that it was a good idea to do so. Chris drove like a maniac. We were maintaining at about a hundred twenty, and I was scared out of my mind. She took one look at me, and laughed. She eased up on the gas, and I calmed down a little. \"Sanchez...you don't drive like this with Eliza in the car do you?\" I asked. \"No way Jimmy boy, never. I'm not a bad mom like that.\" She said, and her head turned to the left, and she slammed the brakes to slow down, and took the next U- turn. She must have found where she wanted to go. Chris eased us into a parking place, and I looked up. There were too many signs to know exactly where Chris wanted to go. \"Hey, Chris, where are we going?\" I asked. \"Subway man, I'm hungry.\" She said, as she pulled out of the car. I chuckled to my self. Leave it to Chris to drive guided by her stomach. \"Lets eat some grub\" We ordered some food, and sat down to eat. We talked about random stupid things, like we always did. Since the rest of the time we spent together, we were either shooting up criminals, or getting our asses kicked in training, or bored as hell working extra hours on traffic duty, the light conversation was a nice distraction. But while we sat, I couldn't help but notice how gorgeous she was. Not in that skanky, stuck up way, but in the, normal, and fuckingest toughest girl to ever kick your ass. She was fierce, but funny and soft when you get down to it. Her eyes saddened, and the conversation turned heavy. \"Man, Jim, yesterday, that was some pretty heavy stuff. I mean, that was just...crazy you know?\" she said, dropping her gaze to the floor. \"That's really messing with you isn't it?\" I said, not wanting to see her upset. I put my hand under her chin, and lifted her face to mine. \"Chris, listen to me, those kids were crazy, drugged up and angry at the world. They didn't know what they were doing, and, sad as it is, that's what it takes for all of us to learn how dangerous the world really is you know?\" Her face hardened, and she brushed my hand away. \"How's that gonna keep Eliza safe? I don't want her to have to deal with all the psychos in the world.\" Chris sighed. \"That's what it is, this is all about Eliza. Chris, she's a good kid, just keep your eye on her, and keep her outta trouble. Don't worry about her. She'll do fine.\" \"Yeah?\" \"Yeah.\" \"Good, I needed somebody else to tell me that, because, even if she was a crack whore, god forbid, I would still love her to death.\" Chris said, and her face cracked into a grin. I almost kissed her, right there. She was so perfect. She laughed, and I broke out in nervous laughter, but I don't think she noticed. \"All right,\" I said as I stood up and shook out my legs, picking up the trash to throw away.\" What are we doing next?\" \"I don't know Street, whatever comes next,\" Chris laughed, pulling her keys out of her pocket and walking towards the car. Me and Chris didn't really do much, we kinda just drove around, laughing at people, ugly cars, and pretty much anything remotely funny. In no time, it was almost three, so we drove, actually, more like flew the way Chris drives, to Eliza's school. We were early, and we just waited around for about five or ten minutes before the bell rang, didn't say much. Then the bell sounded and a flood of kids came running out of classrooms, and I don't know how she did it, but Chris walked right up into the crowd, and picked out Eliza, in seconds flat. Eliza looked a little puzzled, but happy to see me. \"Hi Jim.\" She wrapped her arms around me for a hug. I smiled, and returned the gesture. Eliza pulled away and cocked her head to one side, and asked us a question. \"What were you guys doing?\" She said, curious. \"Nothing mija, we were just hanging out.\" Chris answered , laughing at the funny face Eliza was making. I don't think she believed us, but that was the truth. \"So how was school?\" I asked, trying to start up a conversation. \"Fine I guess, the same as always.\" Eliza said. We walked slowly through the mass of kids towards the car parked a block away. \"Yeah, what did you do?\" Chris asked again, giving me a look showing the same feeling that things would be awkward if we didn't talk. \"Nothing really, just work.\" Eliza said. \"Oh wow, look at the car over there,\" she said, her face lighting up,\"It's an old Charger.\" \"Yeah, a beautiful car.\" I said, in awe as a 1970 Dodge Charger drove by. It was jet black, and obviously muscled out. Beautiful, just beautiful. \"You know, Eliza, most kids I know would have had no clue as to what kind of car that was. How did you know that was a Charger?\" \"My mama teaches me all about cars,\" she said, her face beaming from the compliment. \"Is that right?\" I said as I looked up Chris's way. As her partner for over a year now, of course I knew Chris liked cars, but I didn't ever think about the fact that she might have taught Eliza anything. But, of course she would, it's Chris we're talking about here. \"Oh yeah, ask her anything, Eliza is pro when it comes to vintage american muscle.\" Chris said. Eliza was nodding her head proudly. I thought hard, and then asked her a question nobody could answer. \"Ok...hmm...you know who Steve McQueen is right?\" I asked. Eliza nodded. \"Well, what year was his Charger when he was Bullit?\" \"Easy, 1968\" Eliza said. I was blown away. No other kid would know that off the top of their head. \"I am impressed,\" I said. \"You should be,\" Chris said, smirking in my direction. We arrived at her car, and Eliza immediatly called shotgun, and I wasn't one to break the shotgun rules, so she got the front seat, and I was stuffed in the back, but was having no problem with it. We pretty much kept talking cars on the way to my apartment, where Chris dropped me off. \"Hey Street,\" she called from through the passenger's side window as I was walking away. \"Yeah?\" I said, turning to face her. \"Wanna take traffic with me tomorrow after training? I need some extra hours, and I don't wanna go it alone, it gets boring.\" \"Sure, no problem Chris,\" I said, happy at the fact that she wanted me to tag along. \"Ok, later then, Jim\" \"See ya Sanchez.\" \"Bye Jim,\" Eliza's voice called out as they drove away. I walked up the stairs, and unlocked the door,only to be tackled by Rizzo seconds afterwards. I picked myself up off the ground, and laughed. I patted her on the back, and walked in. It was good to be home, but I missed being around Chris. She was what I wants now, I wanted to be here, with her. I laid down on my bed to just chill, and realized that I left my bike at her house. That was perfect, because now I had an excuse to go back. I got lost in my thoughts of Chris, only to be brought back by the sound of Rizzo licking my face. She gave me the look that said \"Please feed me Jim.\" I got up, and took care of that, and sat down to watch some TV. I ended up watching some made for TV movie on Lifetime, it was boring, couldn't really tell you what it was about. I channelsurfed a little more, and watched some cartoons, I have to say, I enjoyed it. My stomach started growling, and I went to the kitchen for some chow. I made myself some spaghetti, and watched some more cartoons until it was about elven, and then I hit the sack, dreaming of Chris all night.[Chapter 3] AN: I just realized I forgot my dislcaimer so you know the drill, don't own, don't sue. Thanks for all the positive reviews. I'll update as much as possible now. It seems like the story is going pretty good. The warm tounge on my nose woke me up right in the middle of the most awesome dream. I was drag racing in the Charger we had seen the day before, and Chris was in the passenger seat. We won of course, and then she leaned in to kiss me. Her lips were just about to touch mine when Rizzo pulled me from my dream. I got showered and left for work ten minutes earlier than usual, just because I could. I got there, and just screwed around in the locker room waiting for the team to show. Jesse was first. \"How you doing man?\" He called to me, setting down his backpack. \"Im good, how bout yourself?\" I replied. \"Honestly, not feeling so hot. I went partying last night, and let's just say that alchohol is addicting.\" He mumbled. I laughed. \"Burnt toast'll cure ya. It always does the trick.\" \"Really? never tried it.\" He looked thoughtfully up at me with his sunken face. \"You think the break room has a toaster?\" \"Yeah, back corner of the bottom cabinet,\" I said, laughing again. \"You're a lifesaver dude.\" Jesse said as he walked quickly in the direction of the break room. \"If Hondo shows up before I get back, then tell him I had to pee\" He added. \"No problem man, I called back. I took a look at my watch, and pulled my boots on. It was time to get ready to work. \"Hey Jim,\" Her voice called from behind me. It was so perfect it it's uniqueness. No one sounded like her, and no one ever would. \"Hey Chris, what's up?\" I replied, as cooly as I could. \"Not much, how bout you?\" she said, opening up her locker and pulling on her work shirt over the tank she already had on. \"Yeah, pretty much nothing, Hondo said we were gonna get outta here earlier than usual, he's got some thing to go to, so we're gonna have some extra time to make extra cash.\" \"Sweet, I need the money man.\" Was it my imagination, or was Chris happy to be with me? \"All right dude, I give, gimme some space to breathe.\" Deke said as he fell out of the closet. Boxer came chuckling out behind him. \"I told you you couldn't hack it.\" \"No way dawg, it smelled like foot in there, one more second and I woulda barfed.\" \"What the hell were you doing in there?\" I asked, blown away by the fact that Deke and Boxer had just come tumbling out of the supply closet. By the looks of it, they had been in their for quite some time. \"Yeah, why were you guys in the closet together, got something you wanna tell us?\" Chris said, smirking. \"Aw hell no, I ain't like that Sanchez, I'm married,\" Deke said, obivously grossed out by the fact that someone would even consider him liking Boxer. \"Yeah, Deke? No way in hell,\" Boxer said as he walked towards his locker, and got changed for training. \"So what in the hell were you doing in there?\" I asked, still confused as hell. \"Simple,\" Deke said, grinning,\" Boxer and me were talking about how funky that supply closet smells, and he ended up betting me a hundred bucks that I couldn't stay in their from last night, till the team came to work today. He stayed to make sure I didn't leave.\" \"For real?\" Chris asked, her eyes wide with amazement. \"You were in that stanky old closet all night? You guys are crazy. Fucking crazy.\" \"Yeah,\" Deke smiled,\" I'm crazy, and a hundred bucks richer.\" \"No way you are not,\" Boxer said, dropping his shirt on the ground.\" Jesse aint here yet.\" I laughed,\"Yeah he is Box, boy's got a hangover, and went to get some burnt toast to cure it.\" \"God damn it, my wife is gonna kill me for losing another bet.\" Boxer said as he slammed the door to his locker shut and walked out to the shooting range. \"I dont know what his problem is, but lets head to the range. I gotta be outta here in about four hours.\" Hondo said, ducking his head through the door. We filed out, and headed to the range. \"Hey Street, I think Hondo's going soft,\" Jesse yelled to me as we walked into the locker room. We were done with training and Hondo hadn't worked us very hard. We did a couple formations, and some target practice. Otherwise, we ran about two miles, nothing. I had barely broken a sweat. \"No way, I think he wanted to stay fresh for the thing he had to leave for.\" I called back to him as I pulled my shirt over my head. I put on my blues for the traffic shift me and Chris were taking. I almost put on my vest, then remembered that you don't wear vests on traffic duty. I laughed and hung it back on it's hook in my locker, and walked outside the door, and waited for Chris. She walked out lugging her SWAT vest and helmet. \"What are you doing Chris? We're doing traffic, it's not like escorting dirty criminals.\" I said. She gave me the eyebrow. \"I'm just gonna put it in the trunk in case we go on a call while we're out. I don't know, I just wanna be prepared.\" \"Yeah yeah yeah, if that's what they call paranoia then,\" I teased her, she just glared back. I was scared for a second that I had offended her, but then her face softened and she laughed. I sighed in relief. I did not need to piss Chris off when we were about to take an eight hour shift together. \"Whatever man, It's going in the trunk.\" She said as she walked towards our squad car. She popped the trunk, and put the vest in next to the standard issue vests along the side of the trunk. I started the engine, and she jumped in. We were off to save the world from all those dirty fools speeding and running stop signs. Normally, shifts like this would piss me off, but being with Chris made things easier. It was nice just talking about nothing again. I dont even know what we said. I was too busy watching her face watching her expressoins and admiring her in general. She was beautiful in every way I could figure. And she was a great person. \"Jim!\" she exasperated. I shook my head, surprised I tuned out that much. \"yeah. Yeah? Chris. what?\" I stuttered. She looked like wild. Something was happening. \"Our beepers have been going off for like two minutes dude, and you didn't do anything.\" She said, a little calmer now that I was listening again. I looked down at my beeper and code told me that It was a very urgnet, hostage situation shoot out and we were to get there as soon as now.\"Are you ok?\" \"Yeah, Let's roll.\" I said as we peeled out with our flashers on. \"Fuck Jim, we haven't got time to stop and get our gear.\" She cursed almost silently in spanish. She was right. All we had were her ballistics vest in the back and the two standards. That wasnt enough for the two of us. We turned our flashers off as we approached the scene. There were automatic shots going off and an ambulance raced past. This was bad. It looked like a botched drug bust. A lot of guys went down, and the criminals were running all around shooting off rounds on automatics, ak-47's and the like. It was crazy. We parked up about a block, and pulled out the vests, and ran our asses off, not even bothering to put the vests on. We hit the SWAT bus at full speed, nearly smashing into the side. \"Where is your gear?\" Hondo yelled, looking at what we brought. I shrugged, saying, \"We didn't have time Hondo.\" He sighed, and said, \"Well, we'll take what we have. You gotta be really careful in there, now suit up.\" Chris turned to me and pressed the ballistics vest and helmet into my chest. \"Street, don't even try and tell me no, but you know you are going in there to lead this thing, and you're gonna be in front. You need more protection, take it.\" She stated, and turned to put on the standard. She had the kid at home, she had someone to go home to. I didn't have anyone to worry about me, except her apparantly. \"No...Sanchez...I don't know,\" I sighed. She put her hand up to stop me. \"No, Jim, you put the vest on. I'll be fine.\" She already had hers on, and and walked over to Hondo, he handed her a helmet, the only peice of real protection she had. I pulled the vest on and cinched it to my chest. I wasn't gonna fight with her, Sanchez always wins her battles. \"Ok, our job is to get in there and take out the main dealer and retrieve our men on the inside. We're going in by chopper. Street, your heading the team. Take up the front, and Sanchez, you're right behind him. Deke, you cover the rear. Boxer and Jess, you're gona be the wingmen on the sides taking out anyone who even gets close to the team. It's gonna be really sketchy in there, so stay tight and watch your backs.\" Hondo commanded as we went over the plans of the house. The head honcho had himself walled into the center room of the house. It wasn't a very big house, so navigation wouldn't be too hard, but no one had gotten close to the inside except our boys taken hostage. We didn't know what would be waiting for us.[Chapter 4] \"Letsnmove!\" Hondo shouted. We shot up in the coptor, and werendropped on the roof. We went in through a hatch on the top of thenbuilding and stuck close together. A shot went off periodically tontake out someone going at us. We made our way through the first andnsecond rooms without trouble. Innthe third one,was where trouble was waiting. Boxer pushed Chris outnof the way and took her position I didn't see but I figured that shenwent back to his. Shots came at every angle. There were at leastntwenty guys in there. I scanned the room while I fired off shots. nMy eyes zoned into a tall guy frantically trying to get his shitntogether and get out of there. He was our man. Two guys from thendepartment were tied up on the ground. I raised my gun to shoot ournman, and a round of shots rang out right behind me. Infocused in my sight and zoned in on him. More shots went off. nSomeone was yelling loudly in the background, but nothing came overnthe radio. More shots went off, and the shouts in the backgroundnintensified. I squeezed the trigger, and the big man went down. Inreleased my death grip on the trigger, still focused on nothing butngetting the job done, and ran for the hostages. Thugs were pouringninto the room. I untied the guys, yelled in their faces, \"Wengotta move, NOW!\" Ansick thud went off in my vest and knocked my to my face, I scramblednback to my feet. I knew that I had just been hit, but my vestnstopped it. Thank god for Kevlar. I turned to the team and froze. nMy blood turned to ice. Boxer and Jesse were shooting out atneverybody, bodies dropping like flies to the floor. Deke wasnkneeling on the ground, screaming into the radio. \"OfficernDown, Officer Down!\"[Chapter 5] Didnt want to leave you naging like that. So here's the next chapter, and I was thinking about changing this stuff up, but I figured that what I wrote is what I wrote and if you like it, you like it; if you don't, you don't. So review for me you guys, good or bad is welcome. It was Chris. It could only be Chris. Everone else was up and shooting. I pulled our hostages up to their feet roughly, and we peeled out of there. Deke carrying Chris in his arms, Boxer and Jesse taking the back, shooting out anyone who moved. I went up the hatch, Chris was passed into my arms, and everyone else came up. I looked at her, and saw that she had been hit badly, very badly. Her vest had been shot to bits. It's bullet-ridden plates were cracked, and the bullets had found their way through. She had taken two to the body, and another to her left shin and right upper arm. Blood was all over the place. It had already covered my shirt. I was so scared. She couldn't die, I loved her too much. The chopper came down to the rooftop, and we all scrambled inside. Chris was placed safely in the middle of the floor and I pulled the useless vest off of her, and ripped the blue police shirt off exposing her white tank, now stained red. It was gruesome. I took the police shirt and pressed in against the gaping hole on the her left side, about half way down. It was pouring blood. I looked up to her face, and saw her eyes were open. \"Chris, stay with me,\" I said. \" Keep your eyes open. Look at me girl, don't you dare let your eyes close.\" She nodded shortly, and her eyes winced, and then drooped, but didn't close. \"That's the way Sanchez, just keep looking at me, here, take my hand,\" I said as I awkwardly slipped my hand into hers. There was so much blood, and I was afraid she wouldn't even make it to the ambulance. I maintained as much pressure as possible, but I felt ribs moving in ways they shouldn't have, so I had to be very careful of hurting her in more ways than she already was hurt. \"Think about your baby Chris, think about Eliza,\" Deke said as he patted her pale face. She was shaking terribly, and loosing blood fast. I just sat there, holding her hand and pressing against the flood of blood. Jesse was doing the same at the other shot about four inches below her right shoulder. Deke was up at her face, comforting her as much as he could. Boxer was by Chris's left leg, tying his belt around it to slow the blood flow. I could tell that she was beyond hurting. I had never seen so much blood since Brian's head got taken off by the train. \"Hold on Chris,\" I whispered. Her hand squeezed mine weakly. The chopper touched us down to the ground, and we waited for a stretcher or something to come to the helicoptor. It didn't. Deke's radio call must not have been heard or something. I looked down at his waist realizing that his radio had been blown to peices. \"Deke, they don't know about her,\" I whispered hoarsly as I pointed down at his waist. He looked down and became angry when he saw the the radio. \"They never fucking heard. Damn it!\" He hissed angrily. Jesse picked up his radio. \"This is seventy-five David we have an officer down. I repeat officer down. Requesting an RA unit at the Helicoptor.\" He calmly stated into the radio. Deke looked down at Chris who's eyelids were sinking down. He held her head in his hands and whispered. \"You gotta hold on baby girl, fight it. Stay with me, Chris. Think about Eliza, see her face in your head. Help will be here soon.\" In about the longest minute of my life, the paramedics got there. One pulled the backboard out and under her. They both had grim, ashy faces. It was bad, but she wouldn't let go of my hand. I was running along side the stretcher when they were sprinting her towards the ambulance. They worked furiously on her. Trying to stem bleeding and control the possible damage occuring with each of her breaths. They gave her oxygen. The whole while, her hand stayed in mine. Then, it went limp. Angry beeps came from the monitors on her. I got pushed aside, and her hand pulled away. She stopped breathing. \"How much longer till we get there?\" One paramedic screamed to the driver while the other started breathing into Chris's mouth. They were trying to get her started again. \"Four minutes, give or take.\" The driver said back. The calmer steady beeping started up again. The medic who was doing CPR was replaced by a breathing tube and constant oxygen. We came to a controlled yet abprupt stop at the emergency room. They pushed her out of my reach so fast I couldn't even take a last look at her. It was just , BAM! they're gone. I didn't know what to do now. I fell back against the wall, and slid down it, before sitting down on the floor. I pulled my head into my hands. I was gonna be sick. I had Chris's blood all over me. Tears slid down my face. I needed her to be ok. She didn't know how I felt about her. I needed to be able to tell her that I loved her. I needed to hold her. Angry sobs wracked my body. It wasn't fair. I shouldn't have taken the vest from her. I should have pressed her harder to take it back. It was all my fault. The tears grew slower, and I wiped my face. \"You done?\" A deep voice asked from above. I looked up and saw Hondo offering his hand to me. I took it and pulled myself up. \"Do you know anything yet?\" He asked. I shook my head. He led the way to the waiting room, and into a corner where the team was waiting. At the sound of our footsteps, Jesse instantly looked up. \"They tell you anything?\" He asked, his face stricken with worry. I shook my head and wiped at my eyes. Tears were threatening to fall again. I turned away from them. Deke stood up and wrapped his arms around me in a brotherly hug. I almost broke down again. Hondo placed his hand on my shoulder, and he just nodded. Jesse spoke up first. \"It was my fault, I should have covered her better.\" He cried. I couldn't believe what he had said until I heard Deke. \"You didn't do nothing Jess, I was right there. If I had watched better, I would have seen the guy aiming for her before he emptied a clip in her vest.\" He said between sobs. Boxer shook his head and stared off into space. \"No you guys, it wasn't either of your faults. I was the one who pushed her out of position. She would have been fine where she was.\" He said with a dazed tone in his voice. \"I don't believe you guys, none of you did anything wrong,\" I said \" If anyone is to blame, It's me. I took her vest. I took the ballistics vest, and left her with a standard. I should have let her keep it. I can't think of anybody but myself. What am I gonna tell Eliza?\" I sobbed. Chris might not come home and the guys were blaming themselves when I knew it was my fault. \"You all gotta stop blaming yourselves,\" Hondo said softly, something I had never heard him do before. \"Sanchez is a fighter, she'll pull through. And she definantly wouldn't want you all out here crying over who's fault it was.\" Boxer, Deke, and Jesse nodded solemnly. I did the same. What had gone happened today? Was it just bad luck, or did one of us do something wrong? My head screamed questions that had no answers. A dull ache slowly fazed into my brain. I had to get Eliza. She needed to be here for her mama. I stood up a quickly, and Hondo looked up at me. \"I'll be back,\" I muttered as I stormed out the automatic doors.[Chapter 6] Enjoy. I was a man on a mission. I looked down at myself and realized I was covered in Chris's blood. I looked at the vest I had just taken from my body, and saw the deep crack through the center of the plate. I searched through the squad car for a shirt while I ripped the bloody one from my body. Shivers ran up and down my spine. I didn't find anything, so I decided to screw it and go shirtless. I needed to get to Eliza. I started up the squad car Hondo had taken the team to the hospital in, and drove off towards her house. I didn't know how I was going to tell her, but I knew I was the only one who could tell Eliza this. I spent the whole half hour drive trying to find the right words to say. I slowly pulled up to Chris's house, turned the key and killed the engine. The trip up the front walk way was the longest I had take in months. At least it felt like it. Slowly, I laid my fist against the door, sounding off a gentle knock. A small pair of feet scurried up to the surface of the door behind the wood. I heard something scratching against the floor, and realized Eliza was pulling a chair up to the door to see through the peephole. \"Who is it?\" Her little voice squeaked. \"It's Jim, Eliza,\" My voice called back. It didn't sound like me. I looked down at myself to reassure that I was as I normally was. Tears started rolling down my cheeks. How could I talk to Eliza like this? I had barely wiped the tears from my face before the door squeaked open. \"Hi Jimmy, where's my mami?\" She asked, her face puzzled by my solo appearance. \"I have to talk to you about that Eliza,\" I said softly as I knelt down to look the small girl in the eye. She was so much like her mother, physically small, but with a fire in her eyes. I smiled a sad little grin and looked at the brown eyes staring back at me. \"Is she okay?\" She asked again. For an eight year old, she seemed to have a great sense of awareness, she knew what I had to say was not going to be good. I could see it in her eyes, hear it in her voice. The delicate waverings revealing every thought crossing her mind. \"Eliza,\" I sighed, mybrain was drawing a blank. She put her small hand up to my mouth and just took my hand. \"Jimmy, you don't look happy, and that means it's bad news, and I don't want to hear anything that's bad about my mama.\" Eliza whispered. She was so sweet, I have never met a kid like Eliza. I nodded my head and pushed away the tears stinging my eyes. \"Eliza, you really need to know this though.\" I said, my voice cracking. I sat on the front porch and pulled her into my lap. \"Your mama got shot. It was an accident, but it was really bad babe.\" I said, tears spilling over the end. She sighed deeply and leaned into my bare chest. \"I knew it was gonna be something like that,\" She whispered and then turned her face into my shoulder, and silent tears streaming down her face. I held her like she was my own blood, because I felt for that little girl. I knew what she was going throught because I am as much in love with her mother as I could ever be. She cried, and I pulled the front door shut. I took the key from under the mat and locked the door. We slowly walked out to the squad car, and I sat down in the drivers seat still holding Eliza. We didn't drive just yet. I held as she cried, and tears streamed down my own face. It wasn't fucking fair to make Eliza have to feel so sad. She didn't deserve it. I felt her breaths returning to somewhat normal. She wasn't crying as much, so I set her into the passenger's seat and buckled her up. The last thing I needed was an accident, soI put the car in drive and drove slowly and carefully, all while staring down at the little girl riding next to me. Her head rested on the glass and silent tears rolled down her cheeks. I put my hand out and rested it on top of hers. She didn't seem to notice me. We drove silently to the hospital, and as I shut off the engine, Eliza turned to me, big brown eyes rimmed in red, and for a second, her eyes and mine locked. She looked tired; older than an eight year old should. Too many emotions weighing her down. My heart broke all over again. I got out of the car and walked around to open her door. I sat down on the ground and leaned my back against the car. \"I don't want to go in there yet,\" she whispered so quiet that I almost didn't hear. I didn't even look up because I knew what her face would look like. \"Yeah, I won't make you.\" I said back. I let my head fall back against the cold steel of the door panel an shivered. I was cold and scared. I didn't even want to go in there, I sure as hell wasn't gonna make the kid go back in. We sat there for the longest time, two hours at least, her legs hanging over the side of the seat and me leaning against the door. I was just thinking. What exactly had happened? I didn't even know. I wanted to be able to tell Eliza everything would be alright. I wanted to make sure she knew that I would have traded places with her mother in a heartbeat. Finally, I stood up. \"Eliza, if you're ready, I'll take you in,\" I whispered. I wanted to see if they had found out anything more, if my beautiful Chris was even alive. \"Ok Jim,\" her small voice whispered and she slowly slid out of the seat. She reached her hand out to me and I grasped it firmly in mine. We walked the long and solemn walk through the automatic doors, and the sight of Eliza's eyes when they wooshed shut behind us was too much. Tears rolled down her eyes again. I can only imagine that she has the same thoughts as me. Chris could die. I pulled her up into my arms, wanting to take away the pain. She buried her face in my shoulder once more. I walked slowly towards the corner where Jesse, and only Jesse, was sitting, lost in a daze. \"Where are they?\" I asked quietly while I sat down. I kept Eliza in my arms, not wanting to ever let her go. \"Docs came out.\" He stated solemnly. I waited for him to say more. There had to be more. \"And?\" \"I don't know, the guys and Hondo all got up to meet him, I stayed.\" He said. We waited until Eliza's breaths had turned deep and even, and I knew she was asleep. I held her tight, because she felt like she was a part of me now. Jesse spoke again, eyes still focused on something far away. \"I hate hospitals.\" \"Yeah,\" was all I could manage to think of. That was kind of random. \"Last time I was in one, I was fifteen years old. They were telling me how my dad died.\" His gaze dropped down to the floor. \"Killed himself. Overdosed.\" He put it bluntly, and blew me away. I never would have thought that he would drop a bomb like that. \"I'm sorry Jess,\" I whispered. I hated thinking that Chris could die. It couldn't happen, not when she didn't know how I felt. \"Don't worry about it. No more of my life story. Go find Hondo and the boys, I'll wait here with the kid.\" He smiled the same sad smile I assume I'd been giving Eliza, and pointed me in the right direction. I stood up and laid Eliza down in the chair. I gave her a small kiss on the cheek and then was off. I stormed the halls and realized how cold it really was in there, me without a shirt. My eyes scanned the area, looking for any sign of my team. Then Deke's light brown eyes connected with mine. He turned, and the only thing I could see was sadness in his eyes. I damn near sprinted towards him. \"Deke? What is it? What's wrong?\" I asked. I could hear the anxiety in my voice. AN: I based Jesse off of one of my best friends...Jesse Gaska, and that happened to his dad two years ago. I know that he hates hospitals more than anything else now because it reminds him of everything.[Chapter 7] \"Jim,\"rnHe choked out, tears running down his face. He pulled me into a hug.rn My mind was spinning. She can't be dead. She's not. \"Isrnshe...\" I can't say it. I can't, it's not possible. \"No.rn She's not.\" His usually strong voice whispers weakly.\"Jesusrnbrother, she's alive, but barely.\" I sighed a huge sigh ofrnrelief. I thought for almost sure she was dead. I couldn't havernlived with myself if she was. Tears of sadness and relief escaped myrneyes. \"Jimmy,\"rna small voice called behind me, I looked and saw Eliza's face, tearsrnstreaming down her cheeks. She was rooted, frozen to the ground.rnEverything on her face made me think that she thought her mother wasrnnever coming back. I whispered her name gently as I scooped her up intornmy arms. Her big brown eyes looked up and locked into mine. \"Myrnmami?\" her voice came out breathless. \"She'srnalive Eliza.\" She probably didn't even know she was holding herrnbreath. I hugged her to me, and she just laid her head on myrnshoulder; no tears. Deke cleared his throat. \"Jim,rnI have to talk to you.\" he said quietly. His eyes zeroed in onrnthe floor. \"Eliza,rncan you go back with Jesse? I'll be right back.\" I said whilernputting her back on her feet. She nodded slowly, and scurried backrntowards where Jesse was still sitting. I watched her go, then turnedrnslowly back towards Deke, who looked back up and his eyes told a talernof sadness. \"Jim,rnthe doctors said,\" his voice broke off. I put my hand on hisrnshoulder to reassure. This can't be good. He cleared his throat,rnand tried again. \"The doctors said, her heart stopped fourrntimes while they were operating on her. Chris shouldn't even bernalive right now, the way she got hit, it tore up a lung, and way toornmuch shit in there. Doctors think she won't make it through thernnight.\" My world almost collapsed. ThenrnI realized. Doctors are bullshit. They don't know if she's going tornlive or die. Chris is special, she's tough, she would never be gone.rn Chris would never let something like that get her. She's magic.rnThat's what I love about her. \"Deke,rnI don't care what doctors say. Chris's not gonna let this shit getrnto her. She's a fighter, and she would never leave Eliza alone inrnthe world.\" It came out stronger than I expected. Deke'srneyes widened, he looked into my eyes as if trying to read my mind.rnHe just nodded, and turned back towards the corner where the rest ofrnthe team was waiting. I looked at Eliza and saw more of Chris in herrnthan I had ever seen before. Her strong will flashed through thernsmall girl's eyes. The thoughts of Chris dying flooded my head. Irnhad to walk back around the corner out of the team's sight, and myrnknees buckled. I dropped to the floor and warm tears dripped downrnand on to my bare chest. I still needed to get a shirt, but I didn'trncare. Shit like that doesnt matter. How could I think about arnt-shirt when Chris could be dying? I pulled my hand to my face forrnone last swipe to get the tears off, and then got back to my feet. Irnwobbled a bit, before regaining my balance and walking towards thernteam again. Hondo stood to see eye to eye with me and motioned tornthe exit. He wanted to talk outside. Irnwalked slowly behind Hondo. His steps were firm, where mine wobbled.rn He radiated strength, where I showed weakness. But he had no idearnabout what I was going through. \"Street,rnI know you have a thing for Sanchez.\" He stated bluntly, notrneven turning in my direction. \"Threrernis no thing.\" I lamely replied. But it was the truth, I was thernonly one with a thing. Chris had no idea. \"Don'trnbullshit me Street. I'm a smart man, I notice things. Now when arnteam member of mine is going through a tough time, I'm not going tornstand by and just watch shit go down. I'm not gonna sugarcoat it,rnSanchez is in trouble. And since you have have a thing for her, nowrnwould be the perfect time to bring it to my attention.\" Hondo faced me and hisrndark eyes scanned me up and down. \"LookrnHondo, I...I...yes...yeah I have a thing for Sanchez, but she doesn'trnknow about it. I haven't told her anything.\" I sighed. I mightrnnever even get the chance now. \"But, to answer the question,rnyeah.\" I ran my hands through my hair, and shivered, it wasrnfreezing outside. I folded my arms and hugged them close to myrnchest. \"That'srnexactly what I have known all along. Except for the part about Chrisrnno knowing anything about it.\" Hondos eyes smiled at mine whilernhis face remained serious. \"Street, you didn't have to sayrnanything. But, you must be blind if you didn't notice it. Therngirl's in love with you.\" He must be joking me. No one wouldrnlove me like that. \"Hondo...\"rnI choked, my eyes filling with tears once again. I hadn't cried thisrnmuch in my whole life. Yet here I was, sobbing my brains out forrnChris, but she was worth every tear. \"Hondo, she can't die.\"rnI stuttered out. \"WellrnStreet, that's not a decision you or I have the power to make. Chrisrnis in control of her future as long as she keeps holding on.\"rnHondo said as he took my shoulder and we walked back to the entrancernto the hospital. \"We need to get you a shirt.\" Whenrnwe got back to the group, I sat down exhausted because the day wasrnfinally getting to me. Deke was on my left and Eliza was on myrnright. Deke leaned over to me and whispered. \"Therndoctor came out to tell us what room she was in, and we all decidedrnthat you should be the first to go and see Chris.\" His brownrneyes reading mine, and seeing the weariness. \"If you don't wantrnto its ok cuz we-\" \"No,rnI want to see her.\" I whispered back strongly. If Chris wasrnavailable, I wasn't gonna pass up the chance. Deke slipped me arnpeice of paper with her room number on it and patted my shoulder. \"Bernstrong brother\"[Chapter 8] Irnstarted my slow walk to the stairs, and up to the fourth floor. Irnfinally be came aware of the dull throbbing on my chest, and I lookedrndown to see a dark purple and black bruise had formed. From thernbullet that Chris's vest had stopped. If she hadn't given me thernvest, that shot would have killed me. I looked down at the slip ofrnpaper in my hands, and saw that I was on the right floor. I pushedrnopen the door, and was met by a blast of cold sterile air. Itrnsmelled like medicine. A sign shot out at me. INTENSIVE CARE. Itrnwas stupid of me not to know. Of course she was gonna be inrnintensive care. But it still shocked me. The whole floor contrastedrnto Chris's colorful nature. She was so bright and unique.rnEverything here was so white, clean, and conforming. Irnstumbled blindly down the hallway, not really looking at anything,rnexcept the numbers on the wall. 436. 437. 438. There its was,rnroom number 439. Chris was in there right now. I looked down at myrnwatch. It had been about six hours since the whole ordeal, and Chrisrnhad come out of surgery less than ten minutes ago. I leaned againstrnthe wall and ran my hands through my hair. Everywhere in this placernwas freezing. I was scared out of my mind. I didn't want to seernChris hanging in the balance like that, but eventually, my love forrnher won out, and I realized that she was still Chris, and I needed tornbe with her. Just in case she woke up and I had the chance to tellrnher I loved her. Myrnhand went out to the door handle, and I slowly turned it. Timernseemed to stand still. I walked over the threshhold and into thernstark white room. Irnlooked over to the left, and saw her. Chris. My Chris. Her wholernbody looked so tiny in the bed, surrounded by the bright whiteness ofrnthe sheets. She had a tube in her throat attached to a respirator inrnthe corner. Bandages covering her with blood slowly seeping through.rn A steady beep going off monitering her heart. There were so manyrnwires and tubes keeping her alive. Her eyes were closed, and shernlooked so pale. It was crazy to think that hours ago, bullets hadrnripped through her small frame, wreaking havoc on anything itrnconnected with. I wanted to reach out and hold her, and never letrnher go. Instead, I settled for taking a chair by her side, andrnholding her hand. \"HeyrnChris, it's Jim,\" I said lamely. I couldn't think of anythingrnbut I love you. \"I don't know if you can hear me...this is dumb.rn Well, I would give anything to be where you are right now. Yourngotta keep hanging on.\" Tears started rolling down my face, andrnI kissed her icy hand. I remembered that only hours ago, I wasrnholding the same small hand in mine, scared out of my mind. She hadrnheld my life in her hands so many times, and now it felt as if I wasrnholding hers. I never wanted to let go of her hand. She was myrneverything, my world, and if she was gone, so was I, simple as that. Irnhadn't even realized that I fell asleep. I woke up to a pair of armsrnpulling me from my tossing and turning. It was black dreams, nothingrnhappened, just black. Something small was in my hand, and I lookedrndown to see Chris's hand in mine. Shit, what time was it? How longrnhad I been asleep? \"Wha...whornis that?\" I said, before turning to see Hondo. \"Didn'trnlook like you were having a good sleep Street.\" He said quietly,rnnot wanting to disturb Chris, even though it seemed nearlyrnimpossible. His eyes shifted from me to Chris. \"She doesn'trnlook so good.\" \"She'llrnget better.\" I said, sounding more confident than I felt. I hadrnto change conversations, because thinking about her was gonna get tornme. \"How long was I out for?\" \"Irndont know, depends on when you fell asleep, but you've been up herernabout three hours. It's the middle of the night.\" He answeredrncalmly, not taking his eyes of Chris. \"Where'srnEliza?\" I asked, concerned that she was still downstairs,rnworrying and crying. \"Jessernand Deke took her home to her grandma's on their way home. She fellrnasleep a long time ago.\" Hondo answered eyes still glued onrnChris's small frame. I focused my attention on her too, afraid thatrnif she was left out of my sight too long, she would be gone. \"Irnshould never have let her into the building without a full suit.\"rnHe said quietly. \"Shernwouldn't have listened to you and you know it Hondo.\" Irnwhispered back. Chris would have gone anyways. \"Yeah,rnbut I can't help but think about how this all could have beenrnprevented.\" He said back, lost in a daze. I gave Chris's hand arnsmall squeeze and looked down at her. Her face was blank ofrnexpression which, under normal circumstances, you would never see.rnShe was so pale, probably from losing so much blood. \"It'srngonna be fine,\" I said quietly, both to Hondo and Chris. Irndon't know how I would be able to live with myself if it wasn't fine. \"Irngotta get home Street, you call me if anything happens,\" Hernsaid, finally shifting his gaze from Chris. \"Yourngot it Hondo.\" I said back, my voice breaking again. 'Ifrnanything happens' means if she dies. He gave me a nod and walked outrnof the room. I was alone again. I held my Chris's hand, and closedrnmy eyes, and imagined holding her. Imagined making everything rightrnagain. \"Excusernme?\" a voice broke the beautiful silence. I was startled fromrnmy daydreams, and quickly opened my eyes. A tall blond guy wasrnstanding at the door. \"Yeah?\"rnI answered, confused. \"ImrnBobby, Officer Sanchez's night nurse. I was in here before, but yournwere asleep. I have to check her vitals,\" He said. I shouldrnhave known by his appearance that he was a nurse, but I was too tiredrnto even look that much into it. \"Yeah.rn Yeah go ahead,\" I said with a yawn, realeasing Chris's hand forrnthe first time in hours. My own hand felt empty. Bobby read therngibberish coming off of the monitors, and wrote furiously on his cliprnboard. For several minutes, I watched in silence. \"How'srnit looking?\"I said finally. \"Prettyrnmuch the same, still not good.\" He said sadly. \"You workrnwith her?\" he asked. \"Yeah,rnshe's been my partner on our SWAT team for over a year.\" I saidrnback, not wanting to go into the complexities of our relationship. \"SWAT?rnPretty impressive.\" He said simply back. \"Yeah,rnthat's my Chris, pretty and impressive.\" I said, turning myrnattention back to her. I took her hand back into mine, and kissed,rnamazed at how cold it had become in the minutes it had not been inrnmine. \"I'llrnbe back in another hour to check up again.\" Bobby said beforernleaving. When the door shut again, I leaned over Chris, and plantedrna gentle kiss on her cold forehead, before sitting back in myrnuncomfortable plastic chair and drifting once again into restlessrnslumber.[Chapter 9] AN: Sorry this one is such a shortie, but you'll see why I had to cut it there. Anyways, have fun reading. I learned that it's hard to get sleep in the ICU unless you are the medicated patient. In fact, it's damn near impossible. Every hour Bobby came back in and checked up on Chris, and every hour, he told methatthere had not been much improvement. I was just happy Chris was still alive. It was nearing seven in the morning when I was woken once again by Bobby's entrance. \"I'm at the end of my shift, and another nurse will be doing the checks again until six tonight.\" He said as he read the monitors and wrote the information down. \"No problem,\" I sighed, supressing another yawn. \"Has she gotten any better?\" I asked anxiously. She had already proved the doctors wrong about not living through the night. Maybe Chris would prove them even more wrong and wake up. \"Not much,\" He said. His eyes turned sad. \"Don't get your hopes up Jim.\" \"Chris is going to be fine.\" I said, my voice cracking. No one was going to say anything about her dying. It was not going to happen. \"Jim, don't set yourself up for pain.\" He sighed slowly, giving me a pat on the shoulder, and he left out the door. I knew he was wrong, they were all wrong. Chris was going to be fine. Tears rolled down my face. I brought her small hand up to my face and planted another kiss on it before I spoke. It took me nearly an hour, and I poured my heart out to her. I told Chris every god damn thing that I could think of. It was weird though, because I kept expecting her soulful brown eyes to stare back into mine. If it had been anyone else, it would have felt like I was talking to a wall. But I had this feeling Chris could hear, or at least already knew, what I was saying. I wanted her to see where I was coming from, but couldn't wait until she was conscious again. Another nurse, once again interrupted my thoughts by stomping her way into the room. She didn't even acknowledge my existence, just came in and looked up at the monitors. She ran out of the room faster than I could even register. I tried to shake it off, but she came bursting back into the room with a doctor in tow. \"I can't believe it,\" he gasped when he saw the monitors. He turned to me. \"Have you noticed anything different in her behavior lately?\" He asked. I almost laughed. \"Behavior? Well, now that I think about...uh...yeah. She's not talking as much as she normally does.\" I said sarcastically. \"God.\" He said to no one in particular. I started to worry. What exactly is going on? \"What do you mean?\" I said nervously. \"Officer Sanchez here is showing some signs of improvement.\" I swear to god I kissed the nurse.[Chapter 10] AN: I apologize for the three month wait, never expected to dornthat, but I have been having some personal issues, and life's beenrnrough, I'll try to update this for you again without making you waitrntoo long, anyways, here's is chapter ten, Not exactly what I had beenrnhoping for, you tell me what you think... Myrnfingers had a mind of their own and they tapped around on the wall inrnfront of me as I listened to the dial tone of the payphone I wasrnstanding at. Nornanswer, Chris's mom must still be asleep, so I had to leave arnmessage. \"HeyrnMs. Sanchez, it's Jim...um...Jim Street, I'm at the hospital andrn...uh...the doctor's had some good news...uh...they um...said Chrisrnis getting better...I...uh...yeah...I'll call again later...orrnmaybe you'll come in, or um...yeah...ok..Bye.\" Thatrnwas a genius message Jim, good job. The woman is going to think I'mrncrazy. Now Hondo. I dialed the number, and waited. One ring...Twornrings...Three, come on Hondo. \"Street?\"rnHis deep voice asked from the other side. \"Hondo.\"rnI answered. \"Whatrnis it? Is she ok?\" He asked. \"Theyrnsaid that she showing signs of improvement.\" \"Sornshe's getting better?\" \"Yeah,rnthat's what they said. She's not out of the woods yet, but therndoctors are changing their minds and they think she had a fifty-fiftyrnshot now.\" \"You ain't bullshitting me?\" Hisrnvoice was hard to read, like always. \"I got to call the rest ofrnthe guys.\" \"Ok Hondo.\" \"Arnhalf an hour,\" Hondo stated and the line clicked dead. I knewrnfrom the start that was going to be an easy phone call. Irnwent quickly back to Chris's room, rubbing at my shoulders. It wasrnso god damn cold in this place, and I still didn't have a shirt. Myrnarm brushed against my chest, and a pang of pain shot through me. Irnlooked down at myself, and the bruise on my chest had gotten darkerrnand uglier. It was sore as hell. It had been one hell of a shot. Irnrubbed my hands together quickly to try to get some warmth into myrnbody as I crossed the line into her room. What I saw, or didn't see,rnscared the hell out of me. Shernwasn't there. There was an empty bed. I ran frantically to the bedrnand ripped at its sheets, as if she was hiding under the thin cloth.rnIn my panic I almost failed to notice the little red button above thernheadboard of the bed. The call button. This seemed like as good anrnemergency as any, so I smashed my palm to it. Withinrnseconds a nurse had hurried to the door. An annoyed look came overrnher face when she saw that there was no patient in the room. \"Sir,\"rnshe sighed, \"What's wrong?\" \"Irndon't know where Chris went, I mean, I left her here for a second torngo make a phone call, then I came back and she was gone. It's notrnlike she could have just walked out herself because she's ya know,rnunconscious, so somebody must have taken her somewhere, but theyrnshould have told me or at least waited until I got back because yournknow, that's not really fair just messing with my head like that. Orrnmaybe if you guys don't know where she is, than someone else came andrntook her. Oh god, where the hell did she go? Who would want tornkidnap Chris? She's just not the ty-\" \"Sir,\"rnShe forced. I stopped talking at once, amazed at how someone could bernso loud and still sound calm. She smiled tiredly. \"You,rnmy friend, are rambling.\" Irnrubbed the back of my neck, embarrassed. I hadn't even noticed thatrnI had said so much. \"Well,\"rnI asked a little slower. \"I just want to know where, Chris, myrnpartner went.\" \"Thernyoung lady who was in this room is up getting some scans done. Shernshould be back within a half an hour,\" The nurse smiled sweetly. Irnbreathed a sigh of relief and collapsed into my familiar chair. Irnwas very tired all of a sudden, and the nurse must have sensed thisrnbecause she excused herself and let me be alone. I had drifted offrnway too easily, and soon found Hondo was shaking me awake. \"Street?rnYou in there man?\" Hondo was looking into my eyes, concerned.rnI nodded shortly \"Yeah,rnyeah, Hondo, I'm good.\" \"Street,rndon't bullshit me, your eyes aren't right.\" he said. Then hernreached behind himself to the floor and threw a white object into myrnlap. \"Putrnthat on, it'll help.\" He commanded. It was a white hoodie, andrnthe instant it was pulled over my bruised chest, a warm fuzzy feelingrncame through my body. I was finally retaining heat. My eyes dartedrnback and forth. \"Where'srnChris?\" She should be back by now. It didn't make any sense. \"Testingrnwas taking longer than expected, but she will be back any minute.\"rnHondo replied. \"Sanchez's mom went up to find her, and Deke hadrnto tag along, because she looked ready to tear the head off of anyonernwho got close enough to her.\" \"Deke'srnhere?\" I squinted my eyes, confused. \"Yeah,rnDeke's up with Sanchez's mama, Boxer is waiting outside, andrnJesse is with him.\" \"Whatrnabout Eliza?\" \"Withrna baby sitter. It seems that the older Ms. Sanchez decided it wasrnbest for her not be here.\" I nodded my head in agreement. Onernstressful day like the last would probably be enough for Eliza at thernmoment. Irnstood up to shake my legs out, and realized how tired and cramped Irnreally was. I wanted to just go home, fall into bed, and sleep forrndays. But my heart wouldn't allow it. Hondo'srneyes met mine and they shifted towards the door, I nodded inrnapproval, and we both headed that way. We opened the door to thernhall just in time to hear Chris's mother swearing up a storm at thernorderlies walking with her. \"Cayete,\"rnShe silenced him, \"Don't you even know nothing about what'srnwrong with her? Idiota! Estupido! Hijo de puta!\" Deke wasrnjogging behind them, just holding his head in his hand. \"Hondo,\"rnHe called over their heads. \"I tried man, I tried to keep her calm,rnbut it's impossible.\" \"It'srnall good Deke,\" Hondo returned. \"Thankrnyou for… going to there with me Deacon,\" Ms. Sanchez said,rnsuddenly calm again. The orderlies that were behind her wheeledrnChris back into her room, and to my disappointment, but I expectedrnit, she was still out like a light. Chris's mom followed her bedrnback into the room, but she stopped when she saw me. \"Jim?rn You call me today before?\" She asked, looking a little confused. \"Yeah,rnJim, I am Jim,\" I replied. I stuttered a little, surprised thatrnshe remembered my idiotic phone call from this morning. \"Christinarnspeaks much of you,\" She smiled a sort of little half smile, andrncontinued into the room. I tried to follow behind her, but Hondornpulled me back. \"Letrnher be with her daughter alone for a while Street.\" Hondo suggestedrnsimply. As much as it killed me to even consider being withoutrnChris, I conceded to his point. So I stumbled in my half awake moderntowards the row of chairs against the wall. Boxer and Jesse werernalready taking of three chairs between the two of them, so I curledrnup in the last one, trying to keep warm and not think aboutrneverything that had been happening.[Chapter 11] AN: I'm sorry guys, so much shit to deal with, so little time. rnIf you are still reading this story, I promise I will finish it as fastrnas I can. Irnspent the next two weeks learning more and more about Chris's mom.rnAll the time we spent together was teaching the both of us a lotrnabout each other, and a hell of a lot about Chris. I fell more inrnlove with her at each story her mom told me. Though her English wasrnjust as good as my Spanish, which wasn't saying much, she was ablernto get her message across. To nobody's surprise, Chris was a toughrnchild, but she also had a sensitive side that nobody knew about.rnChris's mom said that she would come home and cry in her roomrnsometimes because of the way she got made fun of in grade school. Irnwas amazed. We spent our hours on either side of Chris's bed.rnShe would hold Chris's hand on one side, and I leaned against thernbars of the bed on the other. Everyrnday Chris wasn't awake, another boulder was added to the weight onrnmy shoulders. I was starting to just sag under the pressures. Elizarnhad been in to see her mom only twice, but both times she had cried,rnand it broke my heart even more. I'd lost at least ten pounds fromrneating only enough to keep me alive. I hadn't been home in the twornweeks that Chris had been here. I had been put on a leave of absencernfrom SWAT, and Boxer had been feeding Rizzo. My whole life was at arnstandstill, and I was watching the rest of the world go by, stuck inrnlimbo. Butrnwhen the hospital count was at two weeks and one day, somethingrnhappened. Her mom and I were sitting there, not saying much, as bothrnof us we're tired, and a short rustling sound cracked through thernroom. Irnlooked up at the woman across from me. She looked exhausted. \"Yournall right?\" I asked, looking into her tired eyes with mine. \"Irndid not make a sound\" she answered. I just nodded my head, andrnlooked down at Chris. My eyes nearly jumped from my head when herrnhead lolled towards me in her sleep and an arm swept towards thernright underneath the sheets. \"Shernmoved!\" I jumped up from my uncomfortable plastic chair. \"Mija!\"rnChris's mom yelled from the opposite side of the bed. Irnran for a doctor, or a nurse, or anybody who looked at all official.rnWhen I had finally gained the attention of the doctor who'd beenrntaking most care over Chris in the past weeks, but whose name I hadrnforgotten. I practically dragged him back to the room. When we gotrnthere Chris's mom was standing over her daughter, her eyes lockedrnto watch for movement, and her fingers gently stroking hair back andrnout of the younger woman's face. \"Sornofficer Sanchez moved?\" The doctor asked, trying to understand whatrnI had been stuttering to say before. \"Yeah,rnyeah, it's like she's asleep or something.\" I managed to spitrnout. \"Okay,rnlet me take a look.\" The doctor advanced towards Chris. He checkedrnall the monitors, and shined the little flashlight in her eyes. Whenrnhe turned towards us, I couldn't tell if he had good news or bad. \"OfficerrnSanchez is in the process of waking up,\" his face broke into arnsmile, and I busted out the biggest shit-eating grin that I had in myrnentire life.[Chapter 12] AN: Hey, this has got to be a record for me. Thanks for thernreviews, guys, seems like the only thing good in my life. I'm notrnreally happy with this, but whatever, tell me what you think. rnI'll update soon. Therndoctor continued. \"You see, when the human body awakens from therncomatose state, it's not like in the movies where the patients eyesrnjust flutter open. It's a longer process than that. She is goingrnto be tired, uncomfortable, and probably not very sociable, and shernwill be in a significant amount of pain, but it seems that within thernday, Officer Sanchez should wake up.\" Irnwas so happy. I pulled Ms. Sanchez into a hug so quickly that Irndon't think she saw it coming. Then, I ran for the phones. Myrnfingers flitted across the number pad. \"Hondo,rnshe's going to be ok, she's waking up!\" I practically shoutedrninto the phone. \"What?\"rnA tired yawn came back across the line. I checked my watch. It wasrnonly four in the morning. Hondo had just woken up. \"Chris,rnshe's waking up,\" I said more slowly. \"Arernyou sure?\" Hondo said, his voice, once again, hard to read. I hadrnthe familiar feeling of déjà vu, every time I talked tornHondo, he made me repeat myself. \"Yeah,rndoctor said within the day, Chris should wake up.\" I gushed. \"That'srndamn good to hear,\" Hondo said, his voice finally showing happyrnemotions. \"I'll call the rest of the guys, you just keep mernposted.\" \"Yourngot it Hondo.\" \"AlrightrnStreet. I will be there when I can be.\" \"Ok.\" \"Ok,rnStreet.\" He said as he hung up the phone. I slammed the receiverrndown and sprinted back to Chris's room. \"Isrnshe up yet?\" I blurted as I jumped through the door. Ms. Sanchezrnflew backwards in to the wall with her hand over her chest. \"Yournfrightened me.\" \"Sorry,\"rnI grinned sheepishly, \"I got excited.\" \"Itrnis ok,\" she answered, and sat back down into her seat. \"Howrnis she doing?\" I said, gesturing towards Chris. I looked down andrnshe was in roughly the same position as earlier. \"Yournare gone for only two minutes.\" \"Oh,rnI didn't notice,\" I said, scratching at my head. \"It felt likernhours.\" She laughed at me. \"Turnestas loco mi amigo,\" She chuckled, \"Tu estas loco.\" \"Yep,rnthat's me, crazy.\" I answered, settling my self back into myrnchair. Irnleaned back against the chair back, and watched Sanchez's mamarnslowly drift to sleep on the bed rail of Chris's bed. I looked atrnChris, and took her hand. A small puddle of drool was forming belowrnher mouth, and I chuckled softly. My fingers brushed her cheekrngently to wipe it away, and I tilted her head up just the slightestrnbit. Her eyebrows scrunched together, and she sighed quietly. Irnsmiled, and rested my chin on the bed rail. Before I knew it, myrneyes slipped shut, and I was out. ButrnI wasn't asleep for long. Irnjumped from my sleep when a hand slapped into my face and slid downrnto my arm \"Ow,\"rnI cried softly, and glanced down to see where the unwelcome slap hadrncome from. A thin pale hand was lying palm up on my arm. I followedrnit up a slender arm, and in my half awake stupor, it took me too longrnto realize Chris's hand had smacked my face. My head whipped up tornsee her face, and I saw her eyes were still shut. Shernmust have moved in her sleep. Myrnface fell, and I brought my hand up to my brow and looked to myrnshoes. \"Yournjust keep teasing me Sanchez,\" I sighed. I brought my hand downrnand grabbed hold to hers to settle myself back into sleep. Thisrnnext time, I woke up because I fell. I full on slipped off of thernchair and onto the floor and woke up to the cold tile under my cheek. \"Jim,\"rnMs. Sanchez called from over the bed. \"Are you all right?\" \"Yep,rnjust fell, that's all,\" I said, dusting my pants off as I stoodrnup. I glanced down at Chris, and saw her eyes were barely open. \"Shit!\"rnI yelled. I collapsed down into my chair and brought my hand up tornthe side of her pale face. \"Chris,\" I breathed, barely above arnwhisper. My hand gently ran along the side of her face. \"HeyrnSanchez.\" I smiled. \"Christina,rnmija.\" Her mama beamed. Chris's tired eyes turned towards her mother'srnvoice, and I only wished she could talk, but knew that the breathingrntube in her throat was keeping that from happening. \"Irnshould go get a doctor,\" I said slowly and calmly, and backed awayrnfrom the bed, memorizing her eyes as I left. When I was completelyrnthrough the door, I sprinted towards the receptionist's desk. \"I,rnuh, ah, room…room 439. Officer Christina Sanchez is awake,\" Irnstuttered to the receptionist. \"I'llrnpage Doctor De Jong,\" I mentally made a note of that being therndoctor from before. I ran back to the room. \"Chris...Sanchez...you ok?\" I said, falling back into my chair. She tried tornshift in her bed, and winced. Her eyes closed. \"Mija¿Estas tu buena?\" her mother cried. She hovered over herrndaughter. Chris's eyes pulled open again and Ms. Sanchez breathedrna sigh of relief. \"Chris,rnit seems like lately you've been into scaring the shit out ofrnpeople.\"[Chapter 13] AN: I 'm so sorry this took so long, I never meant for it. I moved twice in the last month, and will probably be moving again, so It's just stressful, on top of the fact that I got my computer taken from me and just today got it back. Some crazy hectic shit going on, but oh well, I will get you another chapter as soon as I can. Her tired eyes smiled as the rest of her face could not. I brought my hand back to hers, and rubbed my palm along her cold skin. A single knock announced the doctor, Doctor De Jong, as he came through the door. A crooked smile crossed his face. \"Officer Sanchez, it's great to have you back on our side.\" He said as he pulled that little light thing from his pocket. \"Follow it with your eyes.\" And he drew the light across her face. \"Good, good.\" He switched it off and pulled his stethoscope out. \"Officer Sanchez, do you remember what happened?\" He asked. Her head shook left to right gently, saying no. His face took a solemn expression. \"Fifteen days ago, you were on an assignment, and got shot four times. You sustained very serious injuries.\" I looked away from him and back down to Chris, trying not to relive the moment. But I couldn't shut his voice out. He described exactly what each bullet did, how the one in her leg made the bone splinter, and how her arm's muscles had been ripped apart. His words weren't that graphic, but they didn't have to be. My stomach churned with each sentence. When he got to the big stuff, I couldn't handle it. I felt myself jump from the chair next to the bed, and mumble something as I walked out of the room. When the door shut, my head went to the sky, and I leaned my back against a wall. I don't really know how long it was before a hand touched my shoulder. \"Street\" My head jerked to see Deke standing at my shoulder. \"Hey Deke.\" I yawned. \"Hondo called, and I called in some favors to get out of work today.\" He said, \"How's she doing? She awake?\" \"Yeah, she's awake,\" I mumbled. \"Is she talking?\" he proclaimed excitedly. \"No, the air tube in her throat won't let her.\" \"Ok,\" He nodded, \"But why are you out here?\" \"Doctor's talking to her.\" I answered simply. I didn't want to admit that I couldn't handle it. \"I see, you want to leave her to her privacy.\" He laughed. \"I'll go back after he's done, I just want to talk to him alone for a second.\" \"Here's your chance,\" He said, gesturing towards the tall doctor as he ducked through the door. I jogged to get next to him as he walked away. \"Excuse me. Dr. De Jong?\" I asked, trying to flag him down. \"Yes?\" He answered and wheeled around, catching me off guard as I smashed into him and fell to the ground. \"Doc, I'm so sorry, I was-\" \"It's no problem,\" He interrupted, offering a hand to help me up. \"You're Mr…?\" \"Officer Street,\" I explained. \"You're Officer Sanchez's partner, yeah, it must have been hard to have to listen to that.\" He said referring to earlier. \"Yeah, no, I mean, I just was, I had to make a phone call,\" I stuttered. \"Don't worry, I understand,\" He nodded, \"What did you want to talk about?\" \"I was…look, is she going to be ok?\" \"You're partner is improving greatly, but she's got a lot of work cut out for her.\" He said, crossing his arms. \"But when's she coming back to work, is she's going to get back like how she used to be?\" \"Well, I won't go in to all the details, but you know her injuries, right?\" \"Yeah, yeah, I know.\" I brought my hand back up to my forehead, realizing that I was nervous. \"Ok, well, to put it bluntly, she'll never be back to one hundred percent and with the subject of her going back into police work, it's not going to happen.\" He answered solemnly. I exploded. \"What?\" \"There was nerve damage in her right arm, which I understand is her dominant hand, and only time will tell, but there will most likely be difficulties in that arm, and that shot in the leg is almost definitely going to leave a permanent limp.\" \"Did you tell her that?\" I griped. \"Officer Sanchez is aware of the fact that returning to work is not a possibility.\" \"Ok then, thanks I guess Doc.\" I said and waved him away as I turned my back. Deke was standing there waiting for me, staring at the opposite wall. When he heard my footsteps, his head snapped up. \"What's up?\" \"She's not coming back to SWAT.\" I sighed angrily. \"She's what?\" He said, confused. \"She's not coming back,\" I said, collapsing into the chair closest to him. \"God damn it Deke, she's off SWAT, and she's going to be scarred for fucking life. She'll never be the same.\" I felt the incredulity rise in my voice. \"Hey, she'll be ok,\" He said, shaking my shoulder, \"She'll get through this shit, and she'll be the same person, she doesn't need SWAT to be who she is.\" \"I know, I know, it's just, I know it was important to her,\" I explained. \"She'll be fine Street, stop stressing yourself.\" I sighed deep, and stood back up. \"Let's go see her. That's why you're here anyways, right?\" \"Yeah, yeah.\" He followed me back into her room. She was asleep again, and I didn't want to be in there all of a sudden, so I went back into the hall and wandered off. I needed some time to myself to process what I had been told. If Chris wasn't coming back to SWAT, it meant I would be getting a new partner, and that was something I did not want, definitely. Chris was one in a million, and a member of the team I could never replace. Plus the fact, I wouldn't get to see as much of her at all if I was on SWAT and she wasn't. I ran into Hondo on his way out of the elevator. I mean I literally ran into him. I scrambled to my feet, and helped him up. \"Geez Hondo, I'm so sorry, I didn't meant to...I mean that's the second damn time today...\" I rambled. \"It's ok, I've had worse happen to me,\" Hondo said simply as he brushed his elbows off. \"So how's Sanchez?\" \"She was awake, but she's back asleep now.\" I said simply. He nodded, and gestured towards the door. \"I'm heading in there, you coming?\" He asked \"Yeah, yeah, I'll be there in a minute,\" I said waving my hand in the air and bringing the other to my neck. He nodded again and went to her room. And I sat down in one of the many chairs in the hallway. I rested my neck back, and felt my face screw together. I didn't know what to do anymore. Chris was supposed to get better and come back to the team. She wasn't allowed to not be there anymore. I must have sat there for an hour before it struck me plain as day. I had already spent over two weeks of my life in this hospital for her, why couldn't I go in and look at Chris now? \"It just Chris you idiot, what are you afraid of?\" I sighed to myself and stood back up to go see my girl. When I crossed the room's thresh hold, I saw that the breathing tube in Chris's throat was gone, and replace by an oxygen mask. On anybody else, it probably would've made them look like a dork, but, at this moment especially, Chris was as beautiful as I had ever seen her. All I saw was her, Christina Sanchez, plain as day. Her open eyes locked with mine, and I saw a tired smile hit her face. I came up by her side and smiled crookedly at her. \"How you feeling Sanchez?\" I sighed softly. I didn't care if Hondo or Deke or even Chris's mom was in there with me. I was talking to her now. She was about to answer when she realized she still had that mask on her face. She brought her left hand up and pulled it down. She cleared her throat and whispered to me hoarsely. \"Heard you been...next to me...for two whole weeks.\" She wheezed. \"Best two weeks of my life,\" I grinned sarcastically. I took a hold of her hand. \"Good...to have...ya here Jimmy,\" she sighed. She took her hand back up to her face and pushed at the oxygen mask, but it didn't quite get to her face. I took the liberty of putting it back on for her, but before my hand came off of it, she tried to pull it off. So i took it off for her, and she added one more thing. \"I want to see...my kid.\" She gasped. I nodded, and placed the mask back on her face. \"Hey, no more talking,\" I commanded. Her eyes agreed with me. And I saw the pain course through her face and worried until her eyes opened slightly back up. \"You get better now Sanchez, you hear?\"[Chapter 14] AN: Hey guys, I got another one for you, I'm sorry these all take so long, and frankly even I'm getting tired of my excuses. I'll try harder to get the next one up quickly. Anyways, this one felt awkward to me, tell me what you think. When Chris's mom finally brought Eliza in to see her mama the next day, it was all I could take to not start bawling like a baby. Eliza looked terrified that her mom would break at any second, and Chris was on this edge, trying extra hard to reassure Eliza that she was ok. Eliza was mumbling one word or two, avoiding even looking at her mother. Chris's mom seemed to sense that there was tension in the air, and decided it was time to go. Eliza gave me a quick hug, and mumbled a goodbye to her mom. When the door shut, I glanced at Chris, and she looked heartbroken. \"My own kid doesn't want to look at me,\" She sighed. I think that the way Eliza had acted was killing her more than she let on. \"Aw, come on Sanchez, she was just nervous,\" I tried, wanting to wipe that look off her face. \"Then why did she hug you?\" \"I think, she just didn't want to hurt you,\" I said while pressing my foot up against the wall and leaning back towards the door. I grabbed her left hand and swung it back and forth gently. From the corner of my eye, I saw the confusion play across her face. I smiled a little bit. \"What?\" I pressed. \"I told her I was fine,\" Chris answered. The end of the word got caught in her throat, and she started coughing. I watched her for a second. \"Yeah right Chris, that looks like fine to me,\" I commented. She pulled her hand from mine, and between coughs managed to give me the finger. I laughed, and let the chair fall back to the floor, and watched as the coughing died down. Her eyes were red and teary, and it looked as if all the coughing had taken the energy out of her. She cleared her throat a couple times. \"Go fuck yourself Jim,\" She rasped. \"I\"ll do that as soon as I can find the time.\" I laughed back at her. \"But seriously, you ok?\" She nodded wordlessly, but I could tell she was lying. It just didn't seem important enough to push any further. \"Anyways,\" I started again, and put my foot back up on the wall and leaned back. \"I think Eliza was just still kinda messed from before. I mean, you didn't have to see what you looked like last week.\" She nodded in agreement, then leaned her head back into the pillow. \"I don't want her to be afraid of me.\" Chris wheezed. \"She won't be, as soon as she's sure you'll be ok, she'll be the same again.\" I reassured her, adding a pat on the hand for good measure. My eyes drifted up to her bandaged right arm, and the white bandaging on her chest that wrapped over her shoulder. Faint blood spots pointed out exactly where the bullet wounds were. I looked down at my hand resting on hers. \"So, how you doing, I mean, really?\" I asked gently. I nodded my head up towards her arm. She sat quiet for a second before answering. \"I guess, I'm just happy I'm alive ya know,\" She sighed in a soft and quiet tone. A short nervous laugh came from her mouth, followed by a wince, and a frown. \"Yeah, I'm happy about that too,\" I replied, then added, \"'Cause, ya know, I care about you.\" \"I got another surgery tomorrow for this,\" She muttered, her voice barely audible, and gestured her head to her arm. Chris's eyes were droopy and tired. \"Yeah?\" I answered simply. She nodded, and closed her eyes. \"I don't want to lose my job Jim.\" She whispered. Chris barely opened her eyes again, and she probably saw me nodding like an idiot. \"Nobody wants that Chris,\" I agreed. \"I worked too hard for this to just loose it like I did,\" She sighed. Her head lolled towards me, and I swear that her eyes were pleading with me to tell her what to do. \"Chris,\" I started, but was cut off. \"Thanks for being here.\" My mouth just sat open like and idiot. \"No problem,\" I answered, somewhat stupidly. My brain was shouting at me to tell her why I've been sitting in this dingy white room for sixteen days, but I just sat there. She stared down into her hand, and then looked over at the lifeless arm to her right. Then she looked back at me. \"Jim, what am I going to do? I can't take care of Eliza like this. I can't do it.\" She said in an empty voice. I looked at her, surprised by her lack of faith. \"You're gonna be ok Sanchez.\" The words were pouring straight from my brain. \"You're going to be ok because you're tough. You don't let things like this get to you. And you are going to get better. You're going to be ok again. And I'm going to help because I love you more than anyone else in this world.\" The second it hit me, I felt like the biggest idiot on Earth. I had just finally let my little secret slip to the only other person that mattered, and was about to see if it was just going to fly by, or become a train wreck right in front of me. I jumped from my seat in pure shock. I saw the words hit her face. A wave of surprised passed through her sunken eyes and pale face. Then, her brow furrowed in confusion. I didn't want to hear her shoot me down. My hands pulled up to my temples and I stared at the floor. \"Oh shit, I'm sorry, I mean, I didn't. Chris, I, I'm an idiot, just, don't listen to me, I didn't mean to tell you like this.\" I looked down at her and could feel the sweat beading on my forehead. She was staring straight out at the door. \"Did you mean it?\" She asked, as soft as ever. I sighed, and locked eyes with her. I could feel my head nod, but felt totally out of control of my body. \"Fuck,\" She breathed, \"Fuck, I can't, I mean, I just can't do this right now.\" Her hand flew up in the air to try to make her point, but her face screwed up in a scowl, and she hissed in pain. I ignored it, knowing she wouldn't want me to bring that up. \"Do what?\" I answered softly. \"I can't have you love me,\" She sighed. \"Shit Chris, you don't have to do anything. For all I care, you can call me an idiot and laugh. Just pretend I was drunk and talking stupid like I always do or something.\" \"Ok,\" She whispered. \"All right,\" I agreed, \"This never happened.\" Some part of me wished she had confessed her love to me right there, but I couldn't make her do anything she didn't want to do. My eyes lingered on her face for a second before I pulled them back to the my feet and sat down in the chair again. Her eyes were circled in black, and she was unable to hide the exhaustion anymore. I could see all the confusion, pain and just dog-tiredness in them. \"You should sleep Sanchez,\" I said blankly, and leaned my chair back again. She nodded and closed her eyes. Once she was out, I sighed, happy that I had escaped that disaster. And, even though it was something I had spent the last two weeks doing it, I watched Chris sleep. She was so peaceful in sleep, and I knew that I wouldn't have to worry about her wanting to knock my ass out for saying something stupid.[Chapter 15] AN: I got another for ya, sorry bout the wait. Read, review, and enjoy And from then on, I treated Chris only as a friend and my partner. It was hard as hell, especially after that surgery the next day, and she was delirious from the pain. I wanted just to hold her and make it all go away, but I held myself back. I had to start going back to work and going back home finally. It was weird. I was kind of off, after everything that happened. I was slower than usual, just altogether sluggish. My response times had gotten horrible. I was constantly getting killed in our mock ups. It got so bad that one day Hondo finally just left with all us guys still out on the gun range because I had missed every target. I was going to follow him and hit the showers when Jesse grabbed me by the shoulder. \"Hey, wha?\" I cried, shocked at both the grabbing of the shoulder, and the fact that I hadn't anticipated it. \"Just listen Jim,\" Jesse said. \"I know what's happening to you, and I'm gonna help you get back into your zone.\" He said simply. \"What do you mean, I'm fine,\" I lied back to him, not even believing myself. I didn't want to take tips from the new guy, I was the oldest memeber on the squad. I should be whipping him into shape. \"Bull shit,\" He said, drawing out the \"bull\" for effect. \"The same thing happened to me when my dad died. When I finally got back to my life, I let every single thing that ever mattered to me go down the toilet.\" \"I'm not doing that.\" I fought back. \"Even you know you look like shit out there.\" He answered incredulously. His green eyes looked me up and down, and I knew he was scanning me for a reaction. \"But you gotta get on with your life. It takes balls, and you're going to have to work twice as hard as before, but you've gotta kick your own ass and figure yourself out.\" I sat there speechless. The boy in front of me spoke more seriously to me now than he had ever done before. Then he broke into a toothy grin. \"But if you can't kick your own ass, I'm just going to have to do it for you.\" I laughed, and for the first time in a while, it felt like a real laugh. After talking to Jess, I went to see Chris again for the first time in three days. But I stopped and picked her up a present on the way. It was something that was very specifically for her and her alone. \"Hello my friend, brought you something.\" I smiled, and dropped the gift into her lap. She smiled out of the side of her mouth. \"You like?\" I asked, stretching my arms up in the air. \"Only you would even think about getting me this Jim,\" She held the CD case away from herself like it was diseased and crinkled her nose. \"Aww come on Chris, I know you love Irish folk music,\" I laughed, and took the CD back from her. It was a running joke between us ever since she heard a Mariachi CD playing in my car. It just so happened it had come free in the mail, so I played it to see what it sounded like. On that one CD, one of the songs had gotten completely engrained in my brain. She thought it was hysterical to hear me singing to it and had given me different Spanish CD's for my birthday, Christmas, and every other occasion she could, so I retaliated by giving her Irish music. It had started with some step dance music I taken from the YMCA class one day while I was doing one of those public service seminars. But then I saw this one, and it screamed to be bought. I slid it into a little player next to the bed and played the music softly. Both of us were silent as the first ten seconds of \"Danny Boy\" played, but then we both busted up laughing. When we finally stopped, Chris's face had screwed up, but she was still smiling. \"Oww, that hurts bad. Don't make me laugh like that.\" She gasped, holding her side. \"I'm sorry, but I couldn't resist,\" I shrugged. I shut the CD off, and stuck it back inside it's case. \"What should we do with this?\" I asked, holding it up exactly as she had earlier. Her face dropped. \"Throw it in a fire.\" She answered, in all seriousness. \"Can you burn a CD like that?\" I said, squinting my eyes and thinking about it. I really had no idea. \"Of course you can idiot, it's plastic, it's gonna melt.\" She rolled her eyes at me. \"Right, right,\" I nodded, \"I knew that.\" \"Yeah right.\" \"No I mean it,\" I insisted laughing just a little. \"I really don't believe you.\" She pulled the one eyebrow on me, and I caved. \"Ok fine, I didn't know,\" I admitted, \"But so what? I got a D in chemistry in high school anyways.\" \"I knew it.\" Chris laughed, \" But really Jim, destroy that.\" She said, pointing at the guilty peice of evidence in my hands. \"I can't destroy it,\" I answered honestly. She gave me that quizzical look I knew all to well. \"It's your present Chris, I can't do anything with it.\" I said, placing it back with her and moving far enough away that she couldn't give it back if she wanted to. \"Ok, ok,\" She sighed, and moved it to the table next to her. She looked back up at me, and smiled. \"How you been Jimmy boy?\" She yawned, and leaned back into the pillow. \"What, tired already?\" I joked, and she rolled her eyes again. \"Well, today I got Hondo so mad that he left us all out on the shooting range and just walked away.\" \"No way.\" She looked at me in disbelief. \"Yeah, I mean it. He just left. He was mad because I died probably four times today.\" I told her. She shook her head back and forth. \"What are you doing out there man?\" She laughed. \"Hey I just have to get used to doing it without my partner in crime again.\" \"Partner against crime,\" She corrected me. \"but you're going to have to get on without me.\" She finished. Her expression dropped, and the tension rose in the air. \"Chris, it's going to be all right,\" I breathed softly. \"You're going to be fine.\" My first instinct was to pull her close, and I almost went to do so, but stopped myself. \"Fuck Jim, I'm just a wuss,\" she sighed, and closed her eyes. Her hand shot up to her forehead, and she turned away from me. \"You are not a wuss.\" I pressed, knowing she wanted to end it but not allowing it. \"It's actually a pretty fucking brave thing your doing here Chris.\" \"I'm not brave,\" she shot back at me. She was bound and determined to prove me wrong. \"I don't know why you have to knock yourself down all the time.\" I was almost yelling now, because I just wanted her to see the person I saw every time I looked in her eyes. \"Because I do!\" She cried back at me. \"WHY?\" I made even my own ears ring as the words died in the air. Her eyes were locked entirely on my own, and we stared at each other as the tension in the air died down. \"Because Jim,\" She answered calmly and quietly. \"What the hell does that mean?\" I mused. She swollowed and winced, and I knew that this whole escalated situation had done nothing to help her heal. \"It means I don't want to talk about it, so just drop it ok,\" She sighed tiredly. \"Whatever Chris,\" I retorted back, and fell back into the chair I had already spent so much of my life in. I stared into my hands and just thought. I could never explain why this all was happening the way it was. She must have kept a lot of herself hidden from the world, and didn't want me to see. I glanced back up at her for a second. She looked about ready to cry, and I wasn't ready for that. \"Hey,\" I whispered softly. Her eyes met mine and so I smiled to try and cheer her up. \"Chris, you know, I will always be you friend. You don't have to love me, but I am always going to care about you, and I will always be there for you. I mean, you have saved my ass enough times that I can't even count.\" She smiled weakly and stared at the floor. But this, this Chris was not who I fell in love with. She was broken; and at that moment, I wanted more than anything to be the one who put her back together.[Chapter 16] AN: Sorry guys, time gets away from me. If anybody is still reading this, here you go. As I sat there longer as she tried to sleep, a thought hit me so hard I nearly fell out of my seat. I got up quietly and left the room, and ran down to my car. I went into the trunk and pulled out the vest I had been wearing that day. I know it sounds stupid to keep it with me after everything that happened, but I felt like it held some kind of significance. If it wasn't there, than I wouldn't be here. I shut the trunk and laid the vest on top of the car, silently running my hands over the fabric. I felt the starchy stiffness where Chris's blood had covered the vest and felt a shudder roll through me. I had forgotten how much of the blood had covered me. The shirt from that day had already been burned and replaced. So, I collected the vest up and shuffled back into the hospital. I had a feeling that having Chris see the vest and how it had literally saved my life, would help her out. I did manage to collect some strange looks on the way back to Chris's room, I mean how often do you see someone carrying a blood soaked, broken bullet proof vest in a hospital. I opened the door softly and crept to my chair. When I looked back up at Chris, I realized she had been watching me the whole time. I grinned at her sheepishly. \"You could have told me you were awake instead of watching me creep around like an idiot.\" I laughed. She grinned at me softly and nodded her head at my arms. \"What's that?\" She wheezed lowly. I pulled the vest slowly from my lap. Her eyes widened and then immediately narrowed. \"Shit Jim,\" She sighed and fell back into the pillow. Her eyes were transfixed on the vest. She motioned with her left hand at me. \"Let me have it.\" She reached for it, and when the weight was pressed into her hands she winced hard, but somehow managed to lug the vest into her lap. Her gaze was dead stuck on the vest, and her left hand ran lightly across it. She finally looked up at me and whispered. \"It's broken.\" \"I know,\" I answered softly. \"If you hadn't have shoved that vest on me, I wouldn't be here. I know that won't justify what happened to you, but I just need to thank you for saving my life...again.\" She scanned me with a heavy gaze. \"You made up for it man,\" she answered. \"You and the guys, I owe you all more than my life.\" \"No way girl, we're even,\" I laughed and took the vest back. \"No more heavy shit. When are you getting out of here?\" \"As soon as I can roll my ass, unassisted, in a wheelchair through one lap of this floor,\" she shrugged tiredly. \"So maybe in a week, a couple a days, but who knows?\" \"You're gonna be back at your house, or your mom's?\" \"What are you kidding? My house. I mean, I love her, but we don't get along.\" Chris said simply. \"It didn't seem like that,\" I mused. \"Well, you didn't see her how she is normally. I mean, I almost died, what was she supposed to do?\" She rolled her eyes at this, and I laughed. \"Come on, didn't you notice how she kind of dissappeared?\" I looked around the room, almost like I had to see that Chris's mom wasn't there for myself. I felt my eyebrow's scrunch up in confusion. This definantly did not explain some of the conversation I'd had before. \"But, she said you talked alot about me?\" Chris quickly jumped in to make me understand. \"I only talked to her like three times in the last year and it was always about work. And you, being my partner, would be talked about.\" \"Oh,\" I agreed, trying desperately to hide the mocking tone from my voice, and switched back to the original subject. \"So it's going to be just you and Eliza?\" \"Naw, my mom is going to keep Eliza for like another week so I don't have to worry about her. So it's just...me I guess.\" \"You sure, I mean, maybe you should have someone around in case you need something?\" I scowled at the thought of Chris having to stay home alone; it just wasn't safe. \"Look, I'll be fine Jim, that's it.\" she finished. So I let it go for the moment, afraid of causing another argument. But I wasn't going to give this up completely just yet. \"Girl, you look tired, let me go so you can sleep.\" I sighed, sensing her exhaustion. I stood, picked up my vest, and left her to rest. On the whole way to the car, I was cooking up a scheme to make sure Chris wasn't alone when she first got home. At the very least, not for the first day. I drove home, and fell into my couch. Rizzo jumped on top of me and started licking the hell out of my face, like she had been since I came home. I think she had been feeling severly neglected, so she had been living like a queen. She was getting steak for dinner, and long long walks. But, what can I say? Rizzo's my girl. After the little love fest, Rizzo followed me the kitchen while I started up my Hungry Man, then grabbed the phone to make a couple calls. \"Hello?\" \"Yo, Box, It's Jim,\" I said while doing a little tango over Rizzo to head back to the couch. \"Hey Street, what's up man?\" \"Not much, but I was wondering if you and the Mrs. wanted to come to help Chris get settled back in next week?\" \"Heck yes we would, Sanchez is getting ready to go home?\" \"It'll probably be next week, but she doesn't know for sure yet.\" \"All right then, you tell me when, and Carolyn here will be there in a second.\" \"Alright man,\" I laughed, \"You tell your lady hello for me.\" \"Ok Jim, later.\" \"Bye Box.\" I hung up the phone to the microwave beeping angrily. So I pulled my hungry man out and peeled it open to dig in. As I was chewing, I called Deke and Jess, and they were both just as hyped up to help get Chris back home and back on her feet. \"Nice work today Street.\" \"Thanks Hondo, glad to hear it.\" I yelled back as I peeled a sweaty shirt over my head. Deke smacked my shoulder. \"Hey man, back in the game, huh?\" He grinned. \"What took you so long?\" \"Let's just say somebody started kicking my ass.\" I answered, eyeing Jesse from across the room. He laughed and just shook his head. Boxer strutted into the locker room like he was the shit, and we all busted up laughing at him. \"What? You guys can't take it that I took down that dealer today?\" He bragged. \"Yeah, yeah, yeah,\" Jesse piped up. \"Don't forget that you're part of a team!\" \"Yeah, but who was leading you all?\" I said. giving myself some props. \"Save it boys, you wouldn't have gotten no where if I wasn't covering your asses.\" Deke finished. I chuckled as I pulled my new T-shirt over my head and walked towards the door. \"Hey later guys,\" I called, and shut the door behind me. Before I could get out of the building though, Hondo called me back. \"Jim let me talk to you for a second.\" \"Yeah Hondo,\" I answered, and followed him to his office. \"Have a seat,\" He said, sitting down and pointing at the chair across from him. I set my bag down, and fell into the chair. \"What's this about Hondo?\" I asked, confused. \"I wanted to tell you good work today.\" Hondo rested his elbows on his desk. \"That was a damn good bust.\" I grinned, proud again for this first time in a long time. \"Thanks sir,\" I grinned. \"But I had something else I needed to talk to you about,\" He said, and his eyes dropped in seriousness. I felt a pang of worry, was I getting fired or transfered or what? \"Go ahead Hondo, what is it?\" He sighed deeply, and brought his chin to his hand. He thought hard about whatever he was going to say for a long time, and me waiting silently was awkward to say the least. \"Look Jim, there's no easy way to say this...\"[Chapter 17] AN: I'm sooooo sorry about this wait. I had this all done, and then comcast cut off my internet. I couldn't get on. But here, finally you have your update. And I am sorry you all had to wait on that cliff hanger too. BUT , thank you so much for your reviews. You guys are awesome \"There's no easy way to say this, so I should just go on and say it. Fuller says we have to pick a replacement for Sanchez by the end of the month.\" I sighed, partly in relief that it hadn't been something worse, and partly because the thing I had wanted to avoid completely had finally come back to smack me in the face. \"Jim, I know that you are going to be most affected by this, because it means a new partner for you, so I want you to help me. We're going to pick this guy together, and if you don't like him, than we're not keeping him.\" Hondo looked at me expectantly, and I just felt blown away. I couldn't even speak, this was not what I wanted to do now that I was starting to get back on track, but I knew I couldn't hold off on it forever. \"Hondo,\" I breathed, \"Thank you for including me in this decision, but,\" I paused to collect the thoughts flying around in my brain. I didn't know what I wanted, but then the right words flew at me. \"I will talk to you tomorrow once I figure out what I am going to do.\" He nodded, like he understood where I was coming from. \"Ok Street, I'll talk to you tomorrow.\" \"Bye Hondo.\" \"Hey, could you tell the rest of the guys to head on in here?\" \"No problem.\" When I got to the car, I felt like shit. All the pride and accomplishment from earlier had been replaced by the overwhelmingness of the situation I was now in. I didn't know what in the hell to do. Any bad mood I was having, was instantly switched off the second I stepped out of the elevator. I had to laugh just a little bit from the shock factor of it all. \"One word,\" Chris huffed. \"And I'll knock you out Street.\" Sweat dripped down her chin as she wheeled herself awkwardly past the elevator door. I pretended to zip my mouth shut, saying \"my lips are sealed\". A nurse was following closely behind her, so I just turned and joined the slow moving train. As time went by, Chris got slower and slower, but she never stopped. We were three quarters of the way around the floor when each push had six or seven seconds between them, and the nurse finally tried to call it. \"Look, Christina, I think we should stop now, it's just tiring you out now.\" The nurse started. \"How long have I been going?\" Chris sighed, still inching forward. The nurse glanced up at a clock on the wall. \"An hour and fifty minutes.\" She answered. \"You said...I had to get back...to my room...in two hours to get to go home.\" Chris panted, obviously exhausted. \"Yeah, but you don't have to prove anything. You can always try again.\" \"It hasn't been...two hours yet.\" She said, and kept pushing herself forward silently. \"All right, you get ten minutes but then I'm calling it.\" The nurse said. I chuckled softly to myself, and watched the nurse jump a foot and a half in the air. She whipped around, and her eyes were huge in surprise. \"God, I forgot you were there.\" She sighed in relief. \"Have you been following us the whole time?\" I nodded, and pointed to Chris. \"Had to keep my mouth shut or my girl over there would have taken me out.\" The nurse looked back and forth, first at me then at Chris. It was like she couldn't quite wrap her brain around something. Finally she looked at me and whispered. \"Is she your...\" I laughed. \"She's my partner, we're LAPD.\" She laughed a little, nervously, when I said that, and maybe it was just me, but I thought that I saw a look of excitement hit her face. \"Oh,\" She said, and glanced at me sideways. I could tell she was trying to flirt, and it hit a nerve. I mean, this girl was in the middle of work, she shouldn't be flirting right in front of Chris, her patient. I tried to just shake off the irritation, and watched Chris struggle with the last few minutes of her attempt at circling the floor. Her right arm was making things even more difficult for her. She had a cast up to her shoulder, and if that weren't slowing her down enough, Chris's arm wasn't cooperating with her. I could see her growing more and more frustrated as her arm laid limp and she pushed with more the cast than her hand. \"Ok, it's been two hours now.\" The nurse announced, taking hold of the handles on the back of Chris's wheelchair. Chris grunted in protest. She was four rooms away from her own. I hung back as the nurse and Chris made their way back to her room, and waited until that nurse was leaving. I was about to push the door open when she stopped me. \"Hey, I didn't catch your name, I'm Jackie.\" \"It's Jim,\" I said and went for the door again. Once more, she stopped me. \"Well Jim, I get off in half an hour, do you want to go get drinks or something?\" I felt my eyebrows crinkle. \"What?\" \"Drinks,\" She said again, slower. \"Did you want to get drinks?\" Well, she wouldn't have been who I would choose, but I had nothing better to do, so, maybe, I suppose, I guess I could possibly sometime want to get drinks with somebody , and she happened to be there... \"Uh, sure. Where could I catch you before I leave? You know, once I'm done here?\" I asked, flashing a halfhearted smile. \"I'll be just down the hall in the nurses station.\" She winked as she walked away, and it all just felt awkward, but I still pushed through the door. \"Hey Chris, what's up?\" \"Nothing,\" She sighed. The girl looked dog-tired. I moved back to my usual chair \"Yeah, that exciting?\" I said. She smirked. \"Well, I guess, if you really were interested, I finally got to pee by myself today. But it was pretty weird with that damn nurse watching the whole time.\" She said, and gave me an expectant look of sarcasm. \"Is that right?\" I laughed. \"Yeah, well you asked.\" She shrugged. \"Anything new with you?\" \"Yeah, today we got a huge bust,\" I leaned back and folded my hands behind my head. \"Yeah, yours truly took the guys in and pulled everybody out, no shots fired, and we got the mother fucker.\" \"Yeah?\" She sighed, uninterested. I felt like an idiot four seconds later when I realized Chris might not want to hear me gloating like that when she doesn't get to get any of that action. I tried to fix it. \"Aww, Chris, I'm sorry-\" \"No, don't be.\" She cut me off. \"You can talk about it. It's ok, I'm not gonna freak out or anything.\" \"Ok.\" \"Yeah,\" she sighed. \"So tell me about it.\" \"Ok...well, we had to go dress up for a dinner party. Actually, they made me some business man from Ireland, so I had to put on the accent and everything.\" \"No shit?\" Chris laughed. \"Heck yeah,\" I laughed back, \"We were taking down this guy, real big with drugs, hired a couple hits ad his assassins ratted him out. So, he was holding a big dinner party that was fronting for a drug exchange. There's like fifty tables full of dealers and suppliers, and none of us could spot him. We even had two extra teams mixed in too. This guy was no where to be found. But then, out of the corner of my eye, I see him. He's talking to two big black guys. They look like fucking bouncers. So, I excuse myself, and walk towards him. I try to make some conversation, and this fucker is trying to get away. I put my hand up and give our little signal to Deke, and he excuses himself and moves behind the guy. I get boxer to move in towards the left, and Jesse covers me in the back. The I whipped out the Magnum in my shoulder holster, and the guy caves faster than you could imagine. Then every other cop in the building whips their weapons and we take out twenty-three dealers, suppliers, whatever. No bullets, no shots.\" \"No way.\" Chris laughs. \"You better believe it girl. And there's more. When I was walking out, some fucker is right behind me, and go figure, I recognize him from traffic a couple months ago with you. Remember that Casini dude?\" Chris scrunched her eyebrows for a second, then the realization struck her. \"Oh yeah, we took him down, and found the pipes and shit in his pocket.\" \"Yeah, yeah, he made bail, and skipped out on court, and they had a warrant out for him. So I turn and catch this punk by the throat. He goes down, and I got him locked up.\" \"Shit Jim, you were busy today.\" \"Eh, not too bad.\" I shrugged, \"But, you know, it's definantly not as big as hitting the toilets by yourself for the first time in like three weeks.\" \"Hey, shut up.\" She said, pushing lightly on my shoulder. I laughed as she yawned. \"Get some sleep girl, you'll need the energy when you hit the floor again tomorrow.\" I said, standing up. \"You leaving?\" She said, letting her head roll down the pillow tiredly. \"Yeah, I'll let you be.\" I said. \"Later girl.\" \"Later Street.\" If I had known I was about to have one of the worst dates of my life, than I would never have left the hospital with Chris. But I knew form the first swig of my beer that this whole date was a mistake. She could not stop talking about herself. I mean, every other sentance was her complaining about her ex boy friend or talking about how she couldn't figure out why guys hit on her so much. She kept talking so long, that after a while, I just watched her mouth move and nodded my head every eight seconds. \"Excuse me, I've gotta go use the restroom.\" I said, trying give myself two seconds of freedom. I ducked into the bathroom, and dialed Chris at the hospital. \"Hey?\" She yawned. \"Chris it's Jim did I wake you up?\" \"Yeah, but watchu want?\" \"Look, could you call me back in a couple minutes to get me out of this date.\" \"Date? Who are you on a date with Street?\" I could hear the amusement in her voice. \"Some nurse from the hospital.\" I sighed, \" Just please, if I have to hear one more second of her wondering why they call it Kentucky fried chicken if she can eat in California, I might die.\" Chris laughed at me. \"Sounds brutal. As much as I like to see you sit throught this one, I'll do it.\" \"Thanks girl, I owe you so much.\" I said. \"Yeah you do,\" She laughed and hung up the phone. I walked quickly back out to the bar, and sat down to Jackie wondering why they named it Ketchup. I kept checking my phone to see if it was ringing, and finally, after twelve minutes the phone rang. I managed to excuse myself and fly out of the bar. \"Damn girl, just wanted to make me sweat it a little?\" \"You know it Street. Talk to you later kay?\" \"Ok, see you tomorrow Chris.\"[Chapter 18] AN: I got another one for you. Read it and Review, Enjoy. Thernphone woke me up early the next day. I groaned, rolled over andrngrabbed the phone from my nightstand. \"Hello?\" \"Street?\"rnThe deep voice beckoned. \"Hondo?\"rnNo way in hell. Hondo could not have something for me to do thisrnearly. It couldn't be possible. \"YesrnSir Street. Could you come down to the station today?\" \"Whatrnfor?\" I groaned. This was my day off, my only day off. \"Timernto pick our new man.\" Hondo said. I could hear the little laughrnin his voice. He obviously thought this was funny. \"Whenrndo you need me there Hondo?\" \"Asrnsoon as you can get yourself here Jim.\" \"Ok,\"rnI glanced at the clock, 7:42. \"Give me eight thirty Hondo.\" \"Seernyou then Jim.\" I set the phone back down and rolled off thernbed. Time to get my ass moving. Therernwere mountains of papers. Irnswear to god. Give me a Sherpa and some climbing gear, and I'llrnknock that Edmund Hillary off the highest peak on the world. \"Hellornthere Jim.\" Hondo called from behind the huge stack of files. \"Hondo?rn Yell louder, I'll pull you out!\" A loud chuckle led me to thernother side of the desk. Hondo was seated in his executive chair, legrncrossed over his knee and hand under his chin. \"Yeah,rnlooks like we have our work cut out for us huh?\" \"Yourncould say that again.\" I said, swinging my arm at the piles.rn\"Jesus Hondo, look at it.\" \"Don'trnworry yourself Jim, that is the pile I've already sorted.\" Herngrabbed a box from under the desk with about twenty or twenty-fivernfiles, and I could practically hear the boulder come off myrnshoulders. \"DamnrnHondo, you scared me for a second.\" I sighed. \"Thatrnwas the point.\" Hondo laughed again and moved towards the door.rn\"Now let's get started. You'll take those ones, I'll takernthese.\" He pushed a stack of folders towards me. Eachrnguy was like the next; all of them had decent scores on academyrntesting. They had decent records as police officers. No one wasrnoutstanding. \"So,\"rnHondo started. \"You find anybody special?\" \"No,rnhow bout you?\" I said, glancing at the clock. It was alreadyrntwo thirty. \"Irngot nothing.\" He sighed, propping his head up on his palms. \"Let'srnjust try them all.\" I offered. \"Whatrndo you mean Street?\" Hondo said. \"Irnmean, let's just try one guy, we don't like them. Try the next guy,rnyou know, cycle through till we find what a guy who works with thernteam.\" I watched Hondo consider it. I couldn't tell if hernthought it was stupid or not, but I was starting to sweat it just arnlittle bit. Finally he went to answer. \"Notrna bad idea there Jim.\" Thernfirst replacement came two days later, Monday. His name was Frank.rnFrank Guiseppi. And if his name doesn't sound enough like a mobster,rnyou should have seen his long slicked back hair. The guy was AlrnCapone in the twenty-first century, just on the wrong side. Anyrnways, the guy was completely 51/50. It took him two hours to thinkrnhe was the boss and two minutes to grate my nerves. \"Whyrndo we got to go to the left?\" Frank yelled from behind me. Irnwhipped my helmet off. \"Becausernfucker, like I told you thirty seconds ago, it's a mock up. We havernto go left because if we go right, like this,\" I motioned to thernright, hit the trip line, and fired paintballs at myself. \"Thenrnthat will happen.\" The rest of the guys moved back as the manrnpushed lightly on my chest. \"Whoa,rnslow down there little man, I'm just trying to understand you that'srnall.\" Irnreared back and nailed him, straight under the helmet in the kisser. \"Hondo,\"rnI called out to wherever the he was watching us from. \"This guyrnisn't working for me.\" His voice came over a hidden PA system. \"Guiseppi.\" \"Yeah?\"rnThe man called, cradling his mouth. \"Yournheard the man, you're off my team.\" Guiseppi's face contortedrnin disgust. \"Heyrnfucking brainiac, you blind? This asshole hit me first!\" Hernyelled. \"If anybody's getting offed, it should be him!\"rnHondo's calm voice came back over the loudspeaker. \"Getrnout of my training facility.\" \"Whatever.\"rnThe Italian ass called, dropping his gun on the ground and spreadingrnboth arms wide. \"I'm better than this, and better than you.\" \"Heyrnget the fuck out of here.\" Boxer called, moving towards the man.rn Boxer had him with probably forty pounds and five inches. \"Yeah,rnyou ain't on our team anymore.\" Deke nods, crossing his arms. \"Dick.\"rnJesse spat, as Guiseppi walked away. \"Andrnit's Sir next time Guiseppi,\" Hondo's voice boomed overhead.rn\"Ok guys, go home. We'll try again tomorrow.\" \"Theyrnare dicks Chris, none of them are good enough.\" I said, restingrnmy elbows on my knees. \"Comernon, one of them has to be.\" She sighed. All I could do wasrnshake my head. We'd been through six different guys, and each one ofrnthem was worse than the next. Too macho, too timid, too nervous, toornanxious, too crazy, none of them were worthy of filling Chris'srnspace. \"Irnswear to god Chris, six men, none are even half-way decent for SWAT.\" \"Fuck,\"rnShe said tiredly. She had just finished her fourth failed attempt atrncircling the floor and was once again wiped. \"Don't worry, yournguys will find somebody.\" \"Yeah,rnbut how long will it take?\" \"Whornknows, Jim?\" She said, throwing one hand up in the air. \"Let'srntalk about something else,\" I said, disgusted with the prospectsrnof our team. \"How soon do you think till you get out of here?\" \"Irndon't know, I think I just have to make the floor, and be offrnmorphine and shit. Then maybe,\" She said. \"Yeah,rnI give you three days to make it happen.\" \"Ha!rnWe'll see.\" She laughed. \"Sometimes it feels like I'm neverrngetting out of here.\" \"Nornway girl, three days,\" I repeated, just as my beeper went off.rn\"Remember that.\" \"Yournbetter get going.\" She said. \"I'll talk to you later, tellrnme what happens.\" \"Ok,rnlater Chris.\" I said. I flew down the stairs jumped in my car,rnrushing towards the PD department. \"Whatrndo we got Hondo!\" I yelled bursting into the locker room. I wasrnhalfway into my kevlar when I noticed no one else was mounting up. \"What'srngoing on?\" I asked warily. Deke motioned towards Hondo's officernwhere a heated conversation was currently take place. \"Werngot a new guy.\" I looked at him for a second. \"Ok,rnbut why did they beep us all in here?\" I asked. \"Fullerrnpicked him. He says this is it. We are stuck with this dude.\"rnJesse said, obviously annoyed, from behind me. 'HeyrnBoys, I want you all to meet Alex Forman.\" Fuller said, burstingrnout of Hondo's office. \"He's your new teammate.\" He had arnhuge, obnoxious grin on his face. The man who followed him lookedrnlike he was straight out of GQ. He had the whole, clean cut lookrngoing, and it made me want to throw up. He had that hair. You knowrnwhat I mean. He spent three hours in the bathroom trying to make itrnlook messy. Thernpretty boy offered his hand for a handshake. I took it and forced arnsmile to my face. It felt like I was shaking hands with a noodle orrnsomething. The guy had no grip. Each guy went around and shookrnhands with him. And each one forced an awkward smile just as I had.rnHondo didn't even bother, and just crossed his arms in front of hisrnchest. \"Formanrnhere is from the Boston SWAT team.\" Fuller said as he back hisrnway out of the locker room. \"You just get aquainted now, andrnI'll get going.\" The man crossed his own arms over his ironedrntrack jacket and smiled. \"Well,rnboys, how do you run things around here? Which one of you leads thisrnteam?\" He asked. His voice held a thick accent. \"That'drnbe me GQ,\" I said and moved towards my locker to get my stuff.rnForman looked me up and down. \"Yournthink you can handle adding me to your team? I'm pretty hot stuff.\"rnHe scoffed. \"Ohrnyeah Forman, I think we can handle you.\" I laughed, and grabbedrnmy backpack from my locker. I pulled my vest back off, strapped thernpack tightly to my back. I bid a \"later\", to the otherrnguys, and made my way from the locker room and back to my car. Outrnin the parking lot, I was pulling my door open, when I heard a yell. \"Street,rnwait up!\" I turned to see Boxer jogging lightly from thernbuilding. I closed the door, and walked to the back of my car. \"HeyrnBox, what's up man?\" I said, leaning into the trunk. \"Canrnyou believe that son of a bitch! I don't want that dick on our team.rn I mean, can we handle him? What the fuck does that mean?\" Hernsaid, slowing to a walk. \"YeahrnI know what you mean. He's grating my nerves already.\" Irnsighed. \"Yeah,rnwell, I guess we'll see how he handles tomorrow,\" Boxer said.rn\"You want to grab some drinks with me and the guys.\" \"Hellrnyeah! Same place?\" Finally I got some plain old hang time withrnthe guys. I'd waited too long for this. \"Yournknow it bro. See you in five.\" He said, back towards his ownrncar. ","Summary":" \"All right team, let's move!\" Hondo yelled from outside the locker room, we all jogged lightly to"},{"Movie":"Lords of Dogtown","Title":"Summer Never Ends","Author":"The Wriiter","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5050774","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter One :: Welcome to Dogtown \"Dogtown\", California. 5:00 A.M. \"Oh, shit!\" Tony screeched as he toppled over onto the ground. The street lights barely lit up the street, and Tony had totally wiped out, his skateboard flying. I laughed and picked it up as I rode by him, then swerved around and helped him up, handing him back his skateboard. \"Thanks, R.J.\" Tony smiled, using my nickname (my real, full name is River-Jill Whitlock). I smirked at him, pushing a piece of blonde hair out of my face. \"No problem. We better get down to the beach. Jay and Stacey are waiting for us under the pier.\" Tony arched an eyebrow. \"What about Sid and Avery?\" He asked. \"They couldn't come today. Their mom won't let them out this early.\" Tony shrugged. \"Let's go!\" And we set off, fast, on our boards down to Venice Beach. Later, at Venice Beach... \"Judgement day, boys!\" Jay practically screamed as Tony and I arrived. I shot him a glare. \"And girl .\" Jay rolled his eyes, but smiled. Stacey's long, blonde-and-brown hair was all over his face. I giggled at him. \"Nice, Stacey. You know Skip will make fun of you, right?\" Stacey grinned, was about to say something, when Jay said excitedly, \"Holy crap! Skip is charging.\" We all looked out towards the ocean to see Skip Engblom, they boys' idol and my basically enemy, perfectly master a gigantic wave, without wiping out or having his surf board crushed to bits. \"He's amazing. How the hell does he do it?\" Tony said in awe, and Jay and Stacey nodded in agreement, \"totally.\" I glared at them, and rolled my eyes. What was so special about Skip? He was a blonde drunk, who slurred his words and mixed his whiskey with orange juice and lemonade. Sure, Skip was an awesome skater and surfer, a legend in Venice Beach, and he owned the hardest skate team and best surf and skate shop around, but so what? Chino, Skip's right-hand man, came up from the water and grabbed Tony by the arm. \"Alva, you're on patrol, got it?\" Tony nodded, annoyed. \"Jay and Riv, you're on parking lot duty--keep it local. And Stacey, you're assigned to the boneyard.\" We all nodded and ran in different directions. Stacey had to grab boards that went astray in the water, Tony had to throw things in the water in case outsiders (non-locals) came into the water, and Jay and I had the best job of all -- messing up the outsider's cars. Skip and his crew must've only been surfing for a few minutes when a bright blue '67 Chevy Camero pulled into the parking lot. Jay and I michiviously grinned at each other. \"Tony! Outsiders!\" I yelled to him. Tony grinned too, and leaned over the edge of the pier, yelling down to Skip, \"Valles!\" \"Jay, keep look-out, got it?\" I commanded. Jay nodded innocently. I jumped down from the pier swiftly, running at all my speed towards the Chevy. I opened up the hood and started taking out the engine, which was simple. I also spray-painted locals only, assholes! along their windshield neatly. I laughed to myself as I ran back to the beach, the huge engine dangling from a wire in my hand. Jay laughed hysterically and clapped, as did Tony, as I started to paddle out towards Skip, who was confronting the valles. \"Locals only!\" Skip slurred, but he sounded completely serious. \"Says who?\" The two valles snarled. I rolled my eyes as I paddled over. Skip eyed me expectantly. I swerved so I was in front of Skip. I innocently looked at the two young men, the valles. I kept the engine in the water. \"Do you guys happen to have an old '67 Chevy Camero, a blue one?\" I smiled flirtatiously. \"Yeah, why?\" The second one snapped. I lifted up the engine, then dropped in right in front of them. The engine made a huge splash. The guys laughed, Skip putting an arm around my shoulders, and the valles went biserk. The first valle lunged at me, but Skip came in front of me. \"Don't even try touching her! Leave, now .\" He shouted, pointing towards the parking lot, and he didn't slur his words. \"Stupid whore!\" The second one snorted at me. The valles muttered profanities as they left, paddling back towards the beach. Skip turned to me, putting a hand on my shoulder, guiding me back underneath the pier. Under the Pier... I suited up in my wetsuit, as did Stacey, Jay and Tony. \"This is judged, so do your best, you little grommets.\" Skip slurred, but smirked and winked when he looked at me. I smirked at him too, but Chino gave me my board. Skip patted Tony on the back and then took a long drag from his cigarette. In the water... As I paddled, I saw a perfect wave coming. I looked back at the guys. \"I'm going for it.\" I stated, gesturing towards the monster of a wave coming toward us. \"Go, it's coming!\" Jay yelled. I bit my lip as I stood up on my board. The wave was exactly the way I wanted it. I swiftly shifted my weight on the board. The run was perfect. Skip and his boys yelled and hollered, satisfied. I grinned - I'd impressed Skip. After me, Tony and Jay did pretty good, but not as good as I had done. Jay, Tony and I all watched Stacey--it was a total mess. He barely stood up on the board before he wiped out, the waves crashing, demolishing his board. Skip and his boys were laughing and hollering, disapprovingly. As Stacey finally came to his senses, Skip whistled to get his attention. \"Back to the boneyard for you, pal!\" Skip shouted. Stacey looked at the three of us and sighed.[Chapter 2] Chapter Two :: Tagging the Bus / Showing Off The Next Day... \"Whoa!\" I squealed as the huge tour bus swerved around. Tony, Stacey, Jay and me were all holding on the end of a tour bus on the way to Zephyr Skateboard & Surf shop, Skip's store. Our skateboards were swerving, and we all held on, cracking up. Jay made a hilarious face to the bus driver, who saw us. The bus driver purposely was violently moving the bus until all four of us swerved off on our own, skateboarding right through traffic. Cars beeped at us, and a woman screamed at us. But we kept skating, avoiding cars smashing into us. I laughed as Jay grabbed an old guy's hat and put it on himself while skating by. I kicked up my board as I got into Zephyr; Jay, Tony and Stacey went to talk to Chino in the back. Skip, as usual, was mixing whiskey with O.J., and I rolled my eyes. Sid, the least cocky out of our group, smiled and me. \"Hey, R.J.\" He hugged me. \"Hey, Sid. How's your ear?\" I asked, still embracing him. We both let go. \"Ah, it's fine.\" Sid smiled modestly. \"It doesn't hurt unless someone makes loud noises .\" Sid snorted, eyeing Skip. I should have figured. Skip is a jerk. \"Where's Avery?\" I asked, referring to Sid's younger sister, one of my good friends. \"Ah, she'll be here later today. Mom flipped out on her when she found out she dyed parts of her hair.\" Sid shrugged. I giggled. J.J. would dye her hair. I reminded myself that I needed a new wetsuit, and I leaped up onto the counter. Skip smirked at me. \"Skip, I need a new wetsuit.\" I said, resisting glaring at him. \"Hah, it's one-fifty for the cheapest one. You got that much cash?\" Skip slurred as he lit his cigarette. I rolled my eyes. \"Yes, Skip. I do.\" He shrugged. \"Be right back.\" He slurred yet again, heading to the back room. I jumped off the counter and started looking at all the articles that had Skip in them, which were plastered on the wall. Sid smirked at me. \"Why don't you like Skip? He's not that bad.\" He asked. I arched an eyebrow at Sid. \"You're not serious, are you? He's a drunk and a jerk.\" I snorted. Sid shrugged, \"You're gonna have to like him, he's the one who coaches and runs the Zephyr skateboard team. And I know you really want in.\" I sighed. Skip came back out and tossed me the wetsuit, and I handed him the money. \"Nice job yesterday, love.\" Skip said as I re-adujusted myself on the counter, \"You're pretty gnarly at surfing.\" I shrugged. \"Thanks, Skip.\" He smirked at me, then Jay, Tony and Stacey came piling into the store, falling on top of each other. Skip snorted. Tony flipped out when he saw the new wheels Billy had given Skip. \"Skip, c'mon, let me try 'em out!\" Tony pleaded. Skip waved his hand and nodded. In the skatepark near Zephyr... \"Which one of you has got bad karma?\" Skip slurred, standing on top of one of the tables in the middle of the skatepark. Everyone gathered around by Skip, grabbing for the skateboard. Tony jumped up and grabbed it, jumped to the ground, and started skateboarding. Avery and Kathy Alva, Tony's sister, arrived. Avery's hair was pink in a few places, and I grinned. As the \"adults\" (Skip, Billy, Chino) sat at the top, watching us skate, Jay and I were tearing up the empty pool. Avery was too, and Kathy (the non-skater) was watching her brother and her boyfriend, Stacey. Skip was watching us all closely, making sure we were qualified for his top-notch skate team. \"R.J.!\" Skip called out. I stopped skateboarding and looked up at him. \"Show me some of your stuff, girlie.\" He slurred. I nodded impatiently. I stood from the top of the pool and skated down, pulling two swerving driving turns. As I clutched the pool's edge when I went up, I came back down and did a 360 Royal Christie. The boys whistled and hollered. Finally, I pulled a 180 Power Slide right in front of Skip, then looked up at him. I got up. He smirked at me. Everyone clapped. Jay, Tony and Stacey hugged me tight, they were like my brothers. Skip eyed me. \"Where the fuck did you learn to skate like that?\" He asked, smiling. I shrugged. \"I kinda learned from the best,\" I said to him. He smiled again. \"Hey Billy man if we make a decent skateboard we could be raking in the money.\" Skip said quietly when he had sat back down. \"I don't make toys, bro. I'm a shaper.\" Billy said getting up. \"We should start to make a skateboard team, man.\" Skip said. \"Hey, Sid! Get out of here, ya maggot.\" Skip said pushing Sid away, taking the beer Sid had snatched. Skip came down and hopped on a skateboard. I took a couple shots of him rolling around, you know, artistic purposes. I started laughing when Skip, Tony and Jay were goofing with Sid. Skip stood, walking over to me. I put the camera down as Skip walked up, taking off his black sunglasses, revealing his brown eyes, which I rarely saw. \"Hey, R.J., listen, love. We're starting the skateboard team, and you've definatly got in. You're joining, right?\" I shrugged, \"Are Jay, Tony and Stacey on the team?\" Skip nodded. \"Yeah, pretty much.\" I nodded too. \"Count me in, then.\" I watched the guys fool around below me. Skip picked up Sid and was tackling him with Jay, which made me crack up. Skip started to skateboard, and he was amazing at it. He didn't miss a turn and didn't mess up. It was getting late when Skip clapped his hands to get our attention. \"Okay, ya maggots,\" he slurred, \"I gotta close up the shop. Show's over, practice starts tomorrow at tweleve noon. Come to the shop first.\"[Chapter 3] Chapter Three :: Home / First Practice I skated with the boys until I had to head up to the hill towards my house, which was overlooking the pier and the beach. But it's an incredibly small house. And I have to live with my sketchy foster mom, Veronica, and her second husband, Brian. They're in the middle of a divorce, which is just so fun. Not. I walked in, and Veronica was smoking on the couch as usual. I peered at the clock, it read 10:52 P.M. I quickly walked into the kitchen to grab some water. Veronica was only thirty-one, and was not good at parenting. Which is why I spent all my time with Jay, Tony, Stacey, Sid, Avery, Kathy and Skip--they were family. \"River, where the hell have you been?\" Veronica snapped, coming into the kitchen. I shrugged. \"I was at Skip's. We had to practice.\" I said quietly. \"You were at Skip's with those thugs you call friends?\" Veronica asked, taking a long drag from her cigarette. I rolled my eyes, \"They're not thugs .\" I corrected her. Veronica shrugged, \"Actually they are. Stacey? That kid needs a haircut. Tony, what a jerk. Jay, he acts like he's part of a gang. And Skip, he's a drunk.\" I glared at her. \"At least they don't blow smoke in my face.\" I replied. Veronica arched an eyebrow, when all of a sudden we heard a banging at the door. \"Veronica, babe, lemme in!\" Brian called from the other side of the door. He was obviously drunk. I was done here. I went into my trashed room and locked the door, pulling the covers over my head, trying to block everything out. The next day... I woke up the next morning completely out of it. I picked up my alarm clock. It read 5:30 A.M. The boys would be surfing at 6:00. And, school started at 9:00. Thank God there was only two more weeks left of school. But, then again, I was only a freshman. I jumped up out of bed and grabbed on my blue \"The Who\" shirt and my skinny jeans and blue converse. I picked up my board and jumped through the window onto the fire escape, down onto the street. I started boarding, back down to Venice Beach. I boarded straight onto the peer, where the boys were suiting up. I grabbed my wetsuit and pulled it on. I grabbed my board and started paddling out. I paddled out and waited for the waves. Soon a good one came up, I charged it as soon as I stood. My adrenaline got pumping, and I carved through the wave. I sat on top my board for a little. I was going to go under the boardwalk, paddling in close, I caught a wave but swerved last minute because I didn't have enough speed, and sat on my board grumbling. I heard paddling from behind me, and before I knew it, Skip was at my side. Skip was twenty-one, but I always felt like we were the same age--but he was only four years older than me. I watched Jay, Tony, Stacey and Avery surf. \"What happened out there, R.J.? It was a perfect setup.\" Skip asked, sitting on his board beside me. \"Try it again,\" he said. I looked at him oddly for a moment, \"Skip, I dunno--\" I stuttered. \"No excuses, go on.\" he said, slightly annoyed. I paddled out and waited for a wave. Once I saw a good one, I charged it, heading toward the boardwalk. I swerved last minute again. I paddled over to him he looked at me quizzically for a moment. \"Come on.\" Skip ordered, paddling over to the flat under the pier, where our camp was set up. I followed him. He climbed up, setting down his board on the ground. He looked over at me, \"Set down the board.\" I did what I was told. \"Now show me what you've been doing.\" Skip said, sitting down and lighting a cigarette. I stood there for a second. I leant forward slightly on the surfboard, as if an actual wave was coming at me. He nodded, taking a drag and walked over to his board. He stood on it. \"You're too far back, R.J. Lean more forward.\" Skip said, leaning far forward on his board. He was actually really adorable when he was serious . Shut up, R.J. You don't mean that . I critisized myself . Wait, yes I do. No, yes, wait--ugh! \"Now you do it.\" he said. I leaned forward, farther than wanted. He came up next to me and positioned me on the board, clutching his arms around me. I smiled a little. He made sure I wouldn't move, and stepped back to admire his work, taking a drag from his cigarette. \"Perfect. Just keep it exactly like that, especially on those swerving waves. Try it out again.\" Skip smiled, walking out to the bone yard. I grabbed the board and went into the water. I paddled out I charged and leaned forward into the wave, just as Skip ordered. I went under the boardwalk and made it out, a perfect wave. Happily jumping off the board, I grabbed it running up into the flat. I came in smiling at Skip. He smiled back grabbing his board. \"Thanks for the help, Skip.\" I said happily. He looked over at me, smirking. \"Can't have my best skater dead.\" he stated, then started paddling to charge a wave.[Chapter 4] Chapter Four :: School Under the Pier, 8:30 A.M. Tony, Avery, Stacey, Sid, Jay and I all struggled to get our school clothes on over our bathing suits under the pier. Tony fell back twice, once in the water. Jay started cracking up. I grabbed Stacey's wrist to check the time while he struggled to put on his shorts and he stumbled. \"Ah, shit! It's already eight thirty.\" Jay laughed. \"I'm starting not to care about school anymore.\" Avery glowered at him. \"Not that you ever did, Jay.\" She laughed. Jay shrugged and grinned innocently. \"That's true.\" We were all ready. Skip told us to leave our surf boards under the pier, and that we would be back later in the afternoon after school. Skip agreed to drive us to school, he had to drive in that direction anyway to pick up new wheels for his skateboard at Billy's. I jumped into the passenger seat next to Skip. My \"The Who\" shirt surprisingly only had gotten a little wet from Stacey splashing me from water. Everyone barely fit in the back. I held my skateboard in my hands tightly. \"Alright, listen. All of you have practice after school, got it?\" Skip ordered. \"And be there on time at Zephyr, or you'll get thrown off the team.\" Jay smiled widely at Skip. \"Hey, uh, Skip. Can you maybe, you know, pick us up?\" Skip rolled his eyes from behind his sunglasses, I could tell. He smirked at Jay. \"Are you really that lazy?\" \"Yes.\" Jay, Stacey, Tony and Sid answered. Avery and I rolled our eyes. \"Fine. I swear to God, if you aren't our right away, I'm leaving without you, you little lazy assholes.\" Skip slurred jokingly. \"Thanks, Skip, later!\" Jay jumped out as we were about a block away from our junky school. \"Yeah, thanks, man!\" Tony yelled, and so did Skip, Avery and me. In the hallway... Sid and Avery were in honors classes, and were way smarter than Tony, Jay, Stacey and me, so they spilt away from us for the rest of the day. The rest of us were in the lowest level classes, and we really didn't care about our schoolwork - and all the teachers hated us. Thank God I had all my classes with Jay and Tony and Stacey. \"Wooooh!\" Jay and Tony yelled together, as all four of us skateboarded through the hallway. Stacey and I kept up together, and smirked at each other as Jay and Tony did all their moves while people dodged out of the way, yelling, \"watch it!\" and \"hey!\". As we got ready for our first class, me and Jay's (insert sarcasm) favorite class, math. Ugh. We were all terrible at it, except Tony. Stacey usually bangs his head on the desk if he doesn't get it, and we all just sit there, laughing hysterically. At school, I'm one of the prettiest in the freshmen class, with long blonde hair and green eyes, but I hate all the girls. Talk about bitchy drama queens. I don't need them at all. I'd been invited to their little \"clique\" multiple times, but I always ignore their invite. They're all preppy and, \"OMG I broke a nail!\" like. I cannot stand it. So I sit with Sid, Avery, Stacey, Jay and Tony and Kathy, Tony's sister, all lunch. They're like my family. In math class... \"Alright, class,\" Ms. Swift, our insanely mean math teacher, said, \"I'm passing back your tests from last week.\" She glared at me for a moment and Jay laughed. I knuckle-punched him in his right arm and he stopped laughing, and instead starting caressing his arm and say, \"Ow, ow, ow, ow!\" I giggled to myself. Ms. Swift practically smacked my test on my desk. Of course, there was a huge red \"F\" circled. No surprise. I looked over at Stacey, who held up his paper to show the three of us. He got a \"D\", but he was stilled pissed off. Tony got a \"C\", and Jay got an \"F\", like me. Jay just laughed. I shrugged, and I didn't really care. I hated math. \"Mr. Adams,\" Ms. Swift said impatiently as Jay chewed on his pen, \"Solve the inequality on the board.\" Jay looked up lazily, drooling, and Tony and Stacey and I laughed quietly. \"Huh?\" Ms. Swift rolled her eyes. \"Miss Whitlock, how about you? Because apparently you think this is hysterical , it must be very easy for you to solve.\" I rolled my eyes. Tony sneezed, hiding his laughter. I glared at him playfully as I made my way up to the board. 332.5 + 203.98 = 65x I glared at my teacher. Of course, I got the problem wrong. But who the fuck cares anyway? At lunch... \"Jay, that's disgusting!\" Avery, Kathy and I yelled as Jay ate three poptarts - whole. We all cracked up. Tony started throwing goldfish and catching them in his mouth. Sid was chugging water, and Stacey was skateboarding near our table. I was sipping some water, watching the boys act like the three idiots that I loved. Suddenly, Riley, my ex-boyfriend, came to our table. The guys hated him so much it wasn't even funny. They all glared at Riley. \"Hey, R.J.\" Riley said quietly, \"Can we talk a second?\" Jay glared nastily at him. I rolled my eyes, \"Sure.\"[Chapter 5] Chapter Five :: The Fight In the cafeteria... \"R.J., get back together with me.\" Riley smirked. I didn't like the way he said it. It was full of venom and was stern, like he ordered me to go back out with him. And I didn't want to, anyway. \"What? No!\" I replied, looking at him like he was stupid...which he was. He had practically beaten me the last time we went out, multiple times. And Jay, Stacey and Tony knew that. That's why they hate him so much. They're very protective of me. \"What do you mean, no ? You'll get back with me, you stupid whore.\" Riley spat. Hm--that's the second time this week I've been called a whore. I arched my eyebrows in surprise, and glowered at him. \"What the fuck did you just call me?\" I said, embarassed. Riley was angry, now. \"I called you a whore. Got a problem with it, you little bitch?\" He challenged, and pushed me agressively. Jay, Tony, and Stacey, of course, saw this and ran over. Jay jumped over a chair, carrying his skateboard, and whacked Riley, a very jacked-up soccer player, in the stomach. Stacey asked if I was okay, and told me to go back and don't step closer to the fight. \"The fuck ! You think you can just take advantage of her like that? Huh, you stupid preppy?\" Jay challenged, throughing his skateboard to the side, walking up, intimidating Riley, who was still recovering from the sudden skateboard to his stomach. Tony had already lost his short temper and punched Riley square in the face. Riley's two other soccer-jock friends came over, and soon enough, there was a huge brawl. More people had joined. Suddenly, the crowd broke into a circle. In the middle were Jay and Riley, and they fought very hard. Of course our principal, Mr. Brody, came in... He took Jay and Riley and forcefully seperated the two. \"You punks. Show some respect. Who do you think you are, fighting like this?\" Mr. Brody yelled at them. Jay had a black eye, but Riley had far worse--two bruises on his cheek, a bleeding lip, and a bloody nose. \"Mr. Adams, care to tell me what the hell you two were doing?\" Brody snarled at them. \"Sorry, sir,\" Jay said ridgedly, not even looking at Brody, \"But he was abusing a girl.\" Brody looked at Riley, who was naturally good-looking, but the bloody nose and lip didn't show it. \"To my office--both of you. Everyone else, as you were.\" All three of them left the cafeteria. Sid coughed, shifting uncomfortably. \"That was like watching UFC Wrestling.\" Tony and Stacey smirked. I sighed, sitting next to Kathy and Stacey. \"Riley's such an ass.\" I spat. After school, in the parking lot... \"Ugh! Where the hell is Jay?\" I asked, as all four of us looked around. Jay, who had gotten into the huge fight earlier with Riley, hadn't gone to the last class of the day, which was gym. And Jay was actually good at it...so Tony, Stacey, Sid and I were all surprised that he didn't show up for class. Plus, Skip would be coming any second now, to take us to the shop, where we'd meet up with the rest of our team. \"I don't know. You think he got suspended or something?\" Sid asked. \"And not show up for the rest of the day, and not tell us? I don't know...we would've seen Mrs. Adams picking him up, though...\" I said, contemplating. Without warning, Jay rapidly whizzed right toward us and jumped on me. I laughed and so did everyone else. \"Well, what happened?\" Tony asked, \"Did you get a detention?\" \"Ha, yeah. Two. But that's alright, compared to what Riley's getting.\" Jay grinned mischievously. I smirked at him. \"What's he getting?\" Jay shrugged, \"He got a suspension of a week. Plus a day of detention.\" Skip's car pulled up, and we all jumped in. I slid right next to Skip, purposley nudging him as I came in, then grinned. He smirked at me. He didn't have his black sunglasses on, and blond his hair was tied back. He wore a dark blue surfing shirt...that was my favorite look on him. Then Jay yelled out his fantastic news of the fight, and he talked a mile a minute. \"OhmyGodSkipyoushouldhavebeenthereIsluggedthiskidinthefaceitwashysterical!\" Jay practically screamed. \"You sound more drunk than me,\" Skip laughed, \"Speak slower, man.\" \"Fine. So there's this kid, and he was pushing R.J. around, and called her a whore, then me and Jay and Stace all shoved him, then I whacked him with my skateboard, then I gave him a bloody nose and bloody lip...I practically slit it open!\" Jay said triumphantly. Skip furrowed his eyebrows, then grinned at Jay from the mirror, \"Nice, man. How bad was the fight?\" \"AWESOME.\" Stacey and Tony and Sid chirped in. I rolled my eyes, clutching my board in my lap. The boys were busy discussing the \"awesome\" fight, and Skip and I sat in the front, silently . 20th Century Boy by T. Rex was blaring in the car, but I could definatly hear Skip. \"Why did some random asshole call you a whore?\" He asked. I shrugged. \"I told you about him before. Riley Shumway. He's like kid that slapped me across the face, like, four months ago. You threatened to beat the shit out of him, remember?\" Skip looked at me, in almost a dominant way, \"I don't want some stupid dick calling you that, or touching you for that matter, alright? Please be careful.\" I smiled. Skip was being protective of me.[Chapter 6] Chapter Six :: THE Zephyr Skate Team Zephyr Skate Shop... Skip pulled up to his shop, where about six or seven others of our team waited. Jay, Stacey, Sid and Tony all jumped out of the car while it was still in motion. Skip yelled after them, gave up and laughed and muttered, \"little fags.\" I smiled at him. \"So, is Stacey getting one?\" I arched my eyebrow at Skip. He shrugged. \"The kid isn't like us, R.J. I mean, how many sixteen year old surfers wear a watch?\" He slurred. I shrugged, as both of us shut the car doors and skated into Zephyr. Skip called attention as I stood next to him, and the over-crowded shop listened. \"Hey, listen, when you're riding for one....of these shops around town... Yeah?\" Skip slurred. \"You mean a little faggot shop?\" Jay chirped in. \"You can have off days.\" Tony protested. \"You have an off day riding for this shop, it's treason.\" Skip said sternly, \"Yeah, you got to approach every day like it's your last. All right?\" \"Yep.\" Everyone seemed to say at once. \"Anyone got a problem with that?\" Skip challenged. A chorus of eager \"no!\" came through the room all at once. Skip nodded and started throwing shirts at everyone. \"Stecyk? Wentzle...Jay. Biniak...\" Skip muttered as he threw them. The guys all scrambled to see each other's shirts. \"T.A., Red Dog, Baby Sid...\" He continued. He smirked at me, revealing a shirt, \"And of course, R.J.\" I grinned at him and hugged him. \"Thanks, Skip.\" He grinned, about to say something, when all the guys tackled him, thanking him. \"Wear them with pride, man.\" Skip laughed, still slurring. \"Or we'll rip them off your bony backs, you understand?\" Chino threatened. Everyone was talking excitedly. \"Alright, alright.\" Skip said, and everyone's talking stopped. \"Now, has everyone seen this?\" He held up a wrinkled paper. \"Skateboard competition.\" Tony announced. \"You can't even read.\" Jay protested jokingly. \"You have one month to prepare.\" Skip said. \"And we're gonna have training starting every day, all right? We gotta get serious here. We have to...\" \"...because there are gonna be hundreds of skaters from all over...\" Chino explained. \"...and we need to shut them down.\" Skip finished. \"Yeah!\" Everyone shouted. \"Montoya, come on. We got you guys some gifts. I don't know why.\" Skip grinned mischievously. \"Yeah!\" A couple of the guys shouted. Skateboards were being given out, new ones, with ZEPHYR labeled across the bottom deck. \"Insane!\" The guys exclaimed excitedly. \"Thanks, Skip!\" Everyone shouted. \"Let's go!\" Tony yelled. \"Hey, Skip, you got one for Stacy, right?\" Jay murmured to him. Stacey had left early, and he hadn't gotten one. Skip shrugged. \"Come on, Jay!\" Sid yelled. The guys were already starting to go outside to try out the new boards. \"All right. Let's go.\" Jay said, grabbing my arm. \"Aren't you coming, R.J.?\" I saw Skip's face, and he mouthed, \"Don't go.\" and had a huge smirk on his face. \"I'm good, Jay. Maybe I'll catch up with you guys.\" I grinned. \"Alright. See ya.\" Jay said and jumped onto his board, and skated off. \"Hey! I'm not bailing your asses out of jail!\" Skip called after the guys. A huge, loud BANG! was heard. Yelling was, too, and hysterical laughter, and Skip and I laughed hysterically when we heard a police officer. \"Oh, shit. Get the gate. Get the gate!\" Skip said, and Billy, him and Staceyk all helped close it. \"Hey! Hey! Get back here!\" We heard a cop yell. \"Close the door. Come on. Quick!\" Skip laughed. I grinned at him, and he grinned back.[Chapter 7] Note! First off, I'd like to thank all of you who have been faithfully reading \"Summer Never Ends\" and reviewing and putting it on your Story Alert. I watched Lords of Dogtown (for the 6th time, lol) about an hour ago, just to get motivated. I want you guys to know I'll be changing it around a bit, cause I always get really sad when the Z-Boys leave Skip, you know? So, I think I'll be switching some stuff around, to make sure it's not depressing :) By the Way : This chapter is a bit more sad, or, emotional. Next chapter will be more fun and positive! P.S. I'll be making a \"Summer Never Ends - Lords of Dogtown\" fanfiction trailer on YouTube. I'll make it then post it in the next chapter, or the chapter after that. Thanks again for faithful readers and reviewers! Please read and review! Chapter Seven :: I'd Never Leave You At Zephyr... Skip and I laughed hysterically. The boys all came retreating back, begging to open the gate. I smirked at Skip and slung open the gate that blocked the door. The boys came pouring in, all yelling and Skip playfully how they \"almost got arrested\". Everyone cracked up when Jay smiled and said he'd almost clipped the cop as he rode by him. I noticed it was getting later into the day, and I suddenly had the serge to surf down at Venice Beach. After everything had calmed down, and the guys were all chilling and talking about the competition that was soon approaching. I was sitting on the counter, Skip standing next to me. His elbow was on my leg, and I swayed my converse back and forth. \"Hey, Skip. Do you mind if we go down to Venice Beach and maybe tear up waves? You know, maybe practice a little bit?\" Skip smirked at me. \"Yeh. I'll grab the car, you get the guys.\" I nodded, jumping down from the counter. The guys all looked at me as I yelled at them to pay attention. \"If you guys wanna come tear up some waves, jump in Skip's car, cause we're leaving.\" I announced, and everyone practically killed each other by running out the door. I rolled my eyes and jogged out the door. I opened the passenger door, and Skip patted the seat next top him. I grinned and flung myself into the car, the guys all singing and banging their heads to \"Back in Black\". Venice Beach... I practically sprang from Skip's car. All the guys came piling out, all of them laughing and yelling, \"Thanks for the ride, Skip!\" as they ran towards the beach. I smiled. Skip and I walked together, about the competition mostly. We were actually walking slowly. Skip was so much more taller than me, I noticed. I kind of smiled at that. He wore no shirt withhissurfer necklace, his black sunglasses, and his hair pulled back. My favorite look for him. Skip cleared his throat. \"You know, R.J., I kinda wanna talk to you about something.\" He said, no longer slurring. He was completely serious, and it almost worried me. For some reason, I felt a lump in my throat. I looked at him cautiously. He smiled at me, and pulled me closer to him. I linked my arm with his. \"Listen, River.\" Skip said, using my real name. I was surprised he used my proper name, he'd only used it once before in the time I'd known him, and I always felt like I'd need to pay strict attention when he used it, he sounded so stern. \"You guys are good--really good. And I don't know if bigger and better sponsors are going to try to pick you up once you start competing. I can't control it, and I may not be able to give you the money that you really want, or deserve for that matter. Just know that I'll always be glad to sponsor you guys, and I don't want to leave any of you.\" Skip said, looking down at the sand as we walked. I'd never seen Skip like this, ever. He was always the semi-drunk bad-ass surfer-skateboarder in my eyes, and everyone elses. It hurt me to know that Skip thought we'd leave him, and it almost killed me. I hugged him from the side. \"Skip...Skip, don't ever, ever--think that. Leave you? For who? For what? Money? Money means absolutely nothing, Skip. I'd never leave you. We're a team--a family, and you don't leave family, right?\" I said to him as I leaned my head on his shoulder as we continued to walk. Skip didn't answer for a moment. He reached over and tousled my hair, and sighed. \"I guess you're right, R.J. But just keep it in mind.\" Skip murmured. I bit my lip, almost ready to burst into tears, thinking about all of us -- Skip, Stacey, Jay, Tony, Sid, Stecyk, Wentzle, Kathy and Avery -- splitting up, not being a family anymore. What would happen then? \"It's sad when people you know become people you knew , when you can walk past someone like they were never a big part of your life, how you used to be able to talk for hours, and hang out together. And now you can barely even look at them.\" It's sad how things change .[Chapter 8] Skip and River's Playlist : .com/playlist/16730679051 Thanks once again to my wonderful and faithful reviewers and readers! Just reminding you, don't expect River and the guys to run off on Skip, but expect a twist! READ & REVIEW ! Chapter Eight :: Bonfire on the Beach Venice Beach, 7:40 P.M. I blocked out the horrible thoughts of letting fame and fortune overtake the team, my family. Skip and I continued to walk until finally we got to everyone - Skip, Stacey, Jay, Tony, Sid, Stecyk, Wentzle, Kathy, Avery, Billy and Chino. Jay and Sid were already in the water. Chino's van was on the beach, and camp was all set up, a fire pit set up and ready to be lit. A radio was playing \"Sweet Home Alabama\" by Lynyrd Skynryd really loudly. The swells were amazing, and the sun was a bit above the horizon, but the sun would set within three hours at least--it truly felt like a summer night. I grabbed my board out of Chino's van. Skip grabbed his, too. I wore a white, two-piece bikini, which I normally never did. I thought it was a little too girly, but whatever--the water was too warm tonight for a wetsuit. None of the guys wore a wetsuit, just normal bathing suits. I shrugged and went into the water, not too far out. I sat on my board next to Stacey, Tony and Jay. I waited a bit until a huge wave came. I looked at it, and as it came closer, it intimidated me. I bobbed up and down on my board, watching it approach. \"Charge it, R.J.!\" Chino and Skip yelled. The boys said a chorus of \"yeah\" and \"go, R.J.!\" I shrugged and charged it, and without much success. I thought I had it, but kind of messed up my footing at the end. I resurfaced, much with Skip's help of pulling me up on his board so I was facing him. I looked at him expectantly, my eyes curious. He grinned. \"Stacey's getting you're board.\" I layed back over the water, then came back up, groaning. \"How bad did I mess up that wave?\" Skip gave me a weak smile, \"Eh, it wasn't too bad, I guess. You messed up your footing a little bit...\" I sighed heavily. Skip patted me on the back, \"It's all good, R.J. Just fix your back foot and shift your weight more forward.\" I shrugged, frowning. \"I guess I should try that. Wait, where's my board?\" Skip shrugged. \"Tony was going to go get it.\" Jay and Stacey came in from nowhere and tackled me, right off of Skip's board. We were all hysterically laughing. The water was fairly deep, at least seventeen feet deep, and I didn't know until I tried to stand up. I yelped, jumping into Skip, who successfully caught me. The guys cracked up again, and I glared at them playfully. I didn't realize, but my arms were clinged around Skip's neck, and he was holding me up. I ignored it, kind of amused, and stared down all the guys. \"You guys scared the shit out of me!\" I laughed half-heartedly. Jay was still laughing. I gave him a dirty look and reached out from Skip's hold on me, but still in his grasp, and kicked Jay lightly, and he, still laughing, fell into the water backward. He scrambled up, water all in his mouth. Of course, being the idiot he is, spit it at Stacey. Stacey was now cracking up and they started spitting at each other with sea water. Skip and I watched, incredibly amused. After about two minutes of the guys acting like cocky water fountains and spitting salt water at each other, Tony came over with my board, with Sid, and they were looking at Jay and Stacey, then to Skip and I, confused. Skip and I just laughed. Jay and Stacey finally realized the guys were there, and they stopped, looking innocent. Tony and Sid looked at them, holding back laughs, and announced, \"Alright, Chino says the bonfire's all set, Skip.\" Later, on the beach, by the bonfire... \"Jay, that's disgusting!\" I laughed, watching Jay shoving a hot dog down his throat. Him and Tony were having a contest as to who could swallow it the fastest. Everyone was either laying or sitting around the huge bonfire, either on a piece of driftwood or on the seven huge beach towels all connected to each other. Jay and Tony were sitting on a huge piece of driftwood to serve as a seat, as were Kathy and Avery, who were giggling hysterically as the boys shoved the hot dogs down their throats. I layed on my side, my elbow propping my head up to watch the guys, on a beach towel. Skip laid right next to me, and Sid and Stacey and Chino were all on other logs and towels or on the sand. Skip lit his cigarette and took a drag. He smirked at the guys as they chugged the food, as everyone was eithering cheering for Jay or Tony. \"Ugh. What time is it?\" I asked Skip, rolling over to face him. He looked at me curiously, smirking smugly. \"I don't know. Ask Stacey. He always wears that stupid watch around his wrist.\" I smiled and rolled my eyes. I looked at Stacey. \"Hey, Stacey, what time is it?\" I called. Stacey looked down at his watch, \"It's almost ten.\" I rolled over, sighing heavily and laid down, looking up at the sky. It was fully dark out now, and the bonfire lit everything up. Skip now looked down at me, his head resting on his hand, his elbow keeping him up. \"What?\"I shut my eyes, but talked anyway, \"I don't want to go back home. I hate my stupid foster parents.\" Skip smiled at me. \"Then don't go home. Stay here with us.\"[Chapter 9] New chapter! Hope you all enjoy! BTW, I'd like to make a huge and thankful shout-out to Jesse-Renee, Ms. Lori Reznor, xxkpxx and madelineex3 for their wonderful, encouraging words! By the way, Jesse-Renee, I don't plan on baling out on \"Summer Never Ends\", I love writing it! Thanks again! :) Read & Review! :) Chapter Nine :: Confrontation On Venice Beach, by the bonfire... I opened my eyes and smiled at Skip. He smiled back. \"I will. Hopefully Veronica won't care that I'm gone,\" I said, adujusting myself so that I was leaning against Skip, because he gestured me to do so. He tousled my hair. \"It doesn't matter what she thinks, R.J. Ignore it, just chill.\" He murmured. I nodded. Jay finally won the stuffing-your-face hot dog eating contest. Everyone cheered, and Tony stuffed a hot dog in Jay's mouth playfully, as Jay wasn't expecting it. He practically choked from laughing and eating at the same time. Skip took a drag from his cigarette. \"Sweet Child O Mine\" by Guns N Roses was blaring in the background. \"...And she's got eyes of the bluest skies As if they thought of rain I hate to look into those eyes And see an ounce of pain Her hair reminds me of a warm safe place Where as a child I'd hide And pray for the thunder And the rain To quietly pass me by...\" I was so satisfied, staying here with the people in my life I was closest to. It felt amazing. The Next Day... After everyone had woken up, we surfed for a little while. Skip had to give me a few pointers about shifting my legs again, and, sadly, Jay's board got crushed by a wave. After that, Skip and Chino and Billy headed back to Zephyr, and reminded us that we'd have practice later that night around five o'clock. Stacey, Jay, Tony, Sid, Stecyk, Wentzle, Avery and the rest of the team skated around. \"Fuck. Veronica's gonna kill me.\" I sighed as I skated smoothy. The sun was really bright, and it was really hot out. We all skated through downtown, right by the pier. There was a lot of people out and about, and we skated through crowds, with people yelling at us to move. We all laughed and gave them dirty looks. \"Renegade\" by Styx was blaring out of someone's car, and it was awesome skating to it. \"...the jig is up, the news is out They finally found me The renegade who had it made Retrieved for a bounty Never more to go astray The judge will have revenge today On the wanted man...\" \"So what? She's such a bitch. Hell, she doesn't even care about you, Riv.\" Jay said as we swerved into me, Jay and Tony's neighborhood. Tony, Stacey and Sid nodded. \"She's always bitching at you and saying bad stuff about you. Forget her. She's not even you're real mother,\" Tony reminded me. I sighed. \"Come in with me, or she'll kill me.\" The guys all agreed to go in with me, along with Avery. I jumped up onto the bnack porch stairs, jumped through the fire escape and into my house, getting ready to get screamed at.[Chapter 10] New chapterr! Read and review , pleasee! Chapter Ten :: Never Shout Never \"Holy crap, R.J., do you even clean your room?\" Stacey laughed and Avery looked around at my room, worriedly looking at the open snake cage in the corner of my room. I laughed along with Stacey, my room was horribly dirty. Clothes were thrown everywhere, three pairs of converse were across my floor, a beer was on my desk, and my AC/DC t-shirt was on my bedside lamp. Jay smirked as he made his way around. \"I don't clean my room either. It's worse than this, so don't feel bad,\" He said, winking at me. I smiled at him. I attempted to jump over everything and finally got to the bedroom door, carrying my skateboard. Veronica would yell at me, no doubt about it. So I braced myself. Everyone followed behind me. My house was trashed as well as my room, but it didn't surprise anyone. Veronica and Brian had barely any money, and weren't smart enough to at least attempt to clean up the house. I sighed as I ran down the stairs. Jay, of course, had to be a show-off as usual and grind on his skateboard down the banister. I went into the kitchen and saw Veronica leaning against the counter, facing me. She looked exhausted and angry at the same time. Thank God the guys and Avery weren't in the kitchen with me--I was about to get screamed at. \"I'm sorry, but where the fuck have you been?\" She hissed at me. \"Look, Veronica, I can--\" I stuttered. \"You can explain? You think you can explain? You are so frikin' ignorant, River. Do you know that? You leave for a whole day and you don't even fucking tell me where you are?\" She barked at me. \"I was with Jay, Stacey, Tony and Skip, alright? It's better than being in this hell-hole!\" My voice was rising. \"Oh, Jay and Tony and Stacey and Skip! That's just great! You're practically living with those fucking low-life's.\" Veronica yelled, incredibly sarcastic. \"YOUR THE LOW-LIFE!\" I yelled back, \"You smoke constantly, you bitch at me twenty-four seven, you don't even attempt to clean you're own house, and you're in the middle of a divorce of your second husband, who probably hasn't been sober one day in his life!\" She gave me the dirtiest look I've ever seen her give, and said, \"Alright. You're out of here. Pack your shit, 'cause your not living here anymore.\" I glared at her. \"Fine with me! Have a nice life with your drunken, man-whore of a husband!\" And I ran up the stairs, back into my room. I was cursing up the staircase to myself. Where the hell would I stay? I definatly did not want to stay here any longer. *** \"Fuck, what was all that yelling about, R.J.?\" Tony asked as I entered back into my room. I sighed, and sat down on the bed next to him. Jay was holding my snake, and Avery was looking at it fearfully. Sid was sitting on the ground with Stacey. \"Veronica is throwing me out.\" I said. \"No, she can't throw you out!\" Jay said. I shrugged. \"I guess she can. And it doesn't matter, I want to leave.\" \"Where are you going to live?\" Avery asked worriedly. \"I don't know.\" I sighed.[Chapter 11] Here you are! New chapter! Cute kind of chapter, I guess. Thanks again to all faithful readers and reviewers. New chapters to come will be quite interesting!! :) Please READ & REVIEW!! Chapter Eleven :: Skip & River with a Chance of Awkwardness \"You have to know where you're going to live. C'mon, R.J. You can't just live on the fucking street!\" Stacey protested, \"You have to stay somewhere. It's getting late.\" I bit my lip, \"Well, I don't know. I don't want to think about it, either. Let's just head down to Skip's for practice, alright?\" I said, taking off my Styx t-shirt. Jay eyed me up. I glared at him as I quickly replaced it with my Andy Warhol Marilyn Monroe tight t-shirt. I grabbed my Zephyr board and all of us boarded out off the connecting boathouse roof. I successfully landed, as did Tony, but Jay and Stacey swiveled a little bit at the end. Avery and Sid, who looked alike so much they could be twins (but Sid was older than her by a year) trailed behind us, and Jay and Stacey behind them. The sun was still hazy in the summer night sky. People were out, the pier really busy. The lights from the amusement park on the pier reflected off the ocean, and the noises from it loud. We all whizzed right past the boardwalk on our skateboards, hurriedly trying to get to Skip's. I knew Skip might be testy with me tonight, because we'd be late and it's basically my fault. Er, scratch that--Veronica's fault. I did a couple of turns and grinds on the sidewalk as we rode. Zephyr was in sight, and I hoped Skip wouldn't throw us six off the team, just because we were ten minutes late. I kicked up my skateboard as we entered Skip's shop. He was in the middle of a speech with the rest of the nine members of our skateboard team. Skip eyed me from behind his black Ray-Bans, then tilted them a bit forward so I saw his deep, brown eyes. He always did that if he was angry or trying to be intimidating towards me, and one hundred percent of the time, he succeeded. I bit my lip, and sat down with the rest of us who had just came pouring into Zephyr. I regretted being late after all. Not only had I just been screamed at by my ex-foster mother, thrown out of my house, but now I would be yelled at by Skip. To tell the truth, I had no idea what Skip thought of me as. A friend? A team member? A good skater? Was that it? Or was there more to what I was to him...that's what I hoped. \"Now that all our little hoodlums are finally here, maybe I can stop blabbering away and we can finally go skate.\" Skip slurred, but he sounded impatient. There was a chorus of \"yeah!\" and \"wooooo!\" I rolled my eyes. All the guys exited the shop, skating off towards the back, where Skip always practiced by himself. Lately, though, I had been keeping Skip company while he practiced. He'd even asked me if his swerving turns looked okay, or if his footing was off in any way. Which surprised me, because Skip normally didn't want anyone interfering with his practice, let alone instructing him how to skate. After all, he was Skip Engblom, a famous skater in Dogtown, well, in California itself. He didn't need some seventeen-year-old skater girl's approval. But what I loved is that he asked for it anyway. I saw Jay and Tony talking to Skip, then looking at me. Shit, what the hell were they talking about? I attempted to creep away slowly, out of Skip's clutches (yes I'm trying to make this sounded dramatized), when I felt a muscular arm wrap around my shoulders, and the smell of cigarette smoke and good-smelling cologne drift around me. \"River, River, River. Tsk, tsk, tsk. Trying to escape from being lectured.\" Skip's slurring but masculine voice taunted me, a bit muffled from the cigarette hanging out the right side of his mouth. I grabbed onto his hand playfully that rest around my shoulder, then looked up at him innocently (and I was anything but innocent), \"Failed attempt?\" Skip grinned, \"You got that right, girlie.\" He walked with one arm around me, the other arm holding his amazing, new skateboard as we walked. The rest of the guys were up ahead with Chino and Billy. I groaned. Skip smiled, tousled my hair lightly, but then was completely serious. \"River-Jill, you know that practice starts exactly when scheduled.\" I blushed. Of course, Skip would use my full name. He did that only when he was really, really frustrated. I thought him calling me just plain \"River\" was abnormal. \"I know, Skip. I'm really sorry. By the way, if you had a real name other than Skip, expect that I'd call you that right about now, for revenge.\" I smirked at him. He grinned slightly. \"Revenge. Hah. One more question, though,\" Skip asked hesitantly, almost biting his lip. \"Yeah, what is it?\" I asked, looking up at him. \"Eh, is it, uh, true that your...um--foster parent or whatever--kicked you out?\" Skip said uncomfortably. I nodded slowly. \"Couple of hours ago. Let me guess, the guys told you, right?\" Skip nodded also. \"Ugh...I hate them sometimes.\" I replied, feeling a little awkward. \"You know, the guys are crashing here tonight, cause they were orginally going to stay at Jay's, but he can't. If you want to crash here, you can, I mean, I don't want you wandering around, but, you know...\" Skip said awkwardly, almost as if he was nervous. I smiled at him, really excited. \"Thanks, Skip! That would be great. I could really use a place to stay, you know? I thought orginally I was going to live under a bridge tonight or something.\" Skip pulled me closer, then laughed at my quick-talking. \"You can stay as long as it takes, I have a lot of space. I just don't want you under a bridge.\" I laughed at what he said. Tonight would be interesting.[Chapter 12] New chapter ! Yay! Focuses on a little flashback between Skip and RJ...I have to give credit to the movie Factory Girl, for the name of the chapter is derived from it, it's actually supposed to be \"When Andy Met Edie,\" for Andy Warhol and Edie Sedgewick, but I changed it to \"When Skip Met River\", due to the flashback between the two. So I give credit there :) Please read and review ! :) Chapter Twelve :: When Skip Met River Skate Practice in the Back of Zephyr, 6:45 P.M. \"Nice, TA! Nice.\" Skip said as Tony finished an amazing sharp-turn after jumping off the rail. Everyone was practicing, all eighteen of us, including Skip, Billy and Chino. Right now, Sid was helping me on my \"Royal Christie\" trick for the competition, which approached in just a short week. In the back of my mind, though, the competition wasn't what was worrying me. Now, I wanted to know. What was I to Skip? Just a friend? But he treated me more like he \"liked\" me, than just as a friend. Then again, he's Skip Engblom. You never know what he's thinking. Maybe tonight could shed some light on my haunting questions. Sid left me to talk to Jay, so I practiced the Royal Christie by myself. Of course, the move is very hard to accomplish. Which annoys the shit out of me. I turned my heel the wrong way and was about to fall, when someone caught me. I looked up, and I was face-to-face with Skip. I grinned, as did he. He laughed lightly as he helped stand me up normally. \"So, the Royal Christie? I thought you had already mastered that,\" Skip said, schrunching his eyebrows together. He took off his sunglasses, and immediately as always, I was practically hypnotized by his deep-set brown puppy eyes. I bit my lip and kicked up my board. \"I don't know, Skip. I thought I did, but apparently not anymore. I suck--really bad.\" Skip shrugged, then kicked up his board. \"Here, watch, alright?\" I nodded. Skip removed the cigarette from his mouth, threw it behind his back, and put his board down. He kicked off the ground and did a few other tricks, then made the Royal Christie. Man, was he good! He perfected it, then smirked at me, satisfied and triumphant. I grinned and he boarded over to me, not stopping himself until he was right in front of me. \"Shit. How did you do that, Skip?\" I questioned, still shocked that he could perfect it that well. \"I have my ways.\" He winked. \"I'll help you, girlie. Now, uh, you're using it for the competition, right?\" \"Yeah. Hopefully I can perfect it by next week,\" I sighed. \"You will, let's start,\" Skip said. For the next hour and a half, Skip taught me to do the Royal Christie. Finally, towards the end of the day, I finally re-mastered it. I was so excited, I must have thanked Skip at least five times. It reminded me of the very first time I met Skip. ----------------------- * [Flashback - 4 Years Ago, 1970] * ------------------------ Pacific Ocean Park, 5:00 A.M. \"Jay, Stacey, Tony! This is so stupid! I don't want to go surfing today. Look how choppy the waves are,\" I moaned. I was only fourteen, and the guys were dragging me to the freezing cold ocean at five in the morning. \"You'll love it, River! Come on! The water's good.\" Jay laughed. \"Yeah, once you get the hang of it.\" Stacey chirped in. Tony was practically dragging me, towards Pacific Ocean Park, the old broken down Amusement Park in our home, Dogtown, California. I'd lived there all my life, and I was a happy Dogtown girl. It was amazing. Sure, my foster family was horribly poor, but to have friends like this was priceless. The guys were all suited up in their wet suits, while I was in a two-piece bathing suit. I felt totally out-of-place. As we got under the pier, a tall, blond, younger surfer met up with Jay, Stacey and Tony. He was incredibly good-looking. In the water was about six or seven of his friends. The leader, the blond, puffed on a cigarette, and was the only one to come greet us. \"Well well, boys. You showed,\" The blond and Jay slapped hands and smiled. \"Guess you guys are ready to surf then.\" The blond was about to say something when he turned and saw me. \"Hmm...uh, Jay, what's she doing here?\" \"That's--\" Jay was about to say, but I cut him off, \"River-Jill Whitlock.\" The blond smirked. \"Hmm. River...I'm Skip Engblom.\" He nodded his head, \"Are you any good at surfing, or are you wasting my time?\" \"She's really good, Skip. Let her show you.\" Tony cut in. So that was that. Skip agreed. As I suited up, I gestured for Jay to come closer. \"Who the hell does Skip think he is?\" I asked. \"Whoever he wants. He's going to be owning Zephyr Skateboards next year, when he turns eighteen, and I want to be on his skate team someday. That guy is so sick at skating, you should see him.\" Jay replied. I paddled out. I got many disapproving hollers from Skip's little posse, and I ignored them. A huge wave came at me. My eyes widened, and I immediatley charged it. I swerved on it and hope I'd do good. I didn't fall of the board or crash, so I expected I did at least \"OK\". As I resurfaced with my board and paddled to Jay, Stacey, Tony and Skip and his crew, I got a round of applause. My eyes widened again. Did I actually do alright? Skip was at the head of the group, clapping. He smirked at me, and I smirked back. \"So, I guess I'm not wasting your time?\" I replied to him. He winked at me. \"You got that right, RJ.\" * Back to the Present * I grinned. Skip was the one who had given me the nickname R.J., and I loved it.[Chapter 13] Back from vacation! Here's the new chapter. Hope you guys like it! Almost at 30 reviews...wow! Thanks again to all you wonderful readers! This chapter focuses on some real romance with Ms. Whitlock and Mr. Engblom =) [BTW, I'm not trying to advertise the movie, A Clockwork Orange] Please... READ AND REVIEW! :) Chapter Thirteen :: A Clockwork Orange & Lovesick Lullabies Zephyr Skate Shop, Skip's Backroom Apartment, 10:15 P.M. \"Woo!\" I heard Jay yell, and then something crash. Following that, I heard a huge amount of hysterical laughter. Then I heard Skip say, \"What the fuck was that?\" Jay rambled an explanation and then someone started playing Life on Mars? by David Bowie. I heard all of this as I brushed my teeth in the bathroom, looking at my reflection. My long blond hair was down, very straight with my bangs pinned back. My eye makeup was smokey, and I didn't intend on taking it off. I wore a white tank top and thinner, long red tartan-patterened pajama bottoms. I wanted to make sure I looked okay, but I gave up and roamed out of the bathroom and into the backroom, where everyone who was spending the night at Skip's was hanging out. Skip was laying on his bed--a pull-out couch, of course--on his stomach, hugging a throw-pillow to him, his chin on it. Jay, Stacey, Tony, Sid, Avery, Wentzle, and everyone else were all in different parts of the room, all spread out. What I found amusing was that Jay was hanging upside down from the other couch. I smiled as I saw Skip, who wore ripped jeans and a old Woodstock tee. For once he didn't have his infamous sunglasses on, and his hair was pulled back. Again, my favorite look for him. \"Finally. RJ, could you be any slower?\" Jay slurred, his face turning a bright red from all the blood rushing to his head. \"Jay, could you be any stupider? You look like a strawberry,\" I laughed. Jay grinned and pulled himself up, his face starting to regain color. I added, \"Why am I in trouble for being slow?\" \"Because, RJ, we're watching...\" Avery said boredly, then the guys cut in, in a spooky voice, \"A Clockwork Orange!\" I arched my eyebrow at the guys. \"Why are we watching that? That's rated R...used to be rated X.\" \"It's movie night, silly RJ!\" Jay said. Tony and Stacey chirped in, \"Who cares about the ratings?!?\" I rolled my eyes, shrugging. \"Alright...whatever, you can start it.\" Skip grinned at me and patted the spot next to him on the pull-out couch. I bit my lip nervously and slid next to him closely, and we both put our chins on the pillow. I looked at Skip suspiciously. \"I'm not one for scary movies,\" I warned him. He smirked at me. \"Why's that, RJ?\" I shrugged. \"They creep me out. So don't be surprised if I scream at random points,\" Skip laughed lightheartedly. \"It's alright. I won't.\" I grinned, but then noticed how close Skip and I were. Not physically speaking, but mentally. I'd known him for so long, and we knew each other like we lived together. And I had a feeling that the guys were starting to notice how close we were. As the movie started, it got weirder and weirder. Some girls got raped, people made out, horrible violence occured, some British kid killed someone with a giant dildo. We all had wide eyes as we watched. At really violent parts, I buried my face into Skip's shoulder. He put his arm around me, and I just hid myself. After the movie, the guys were really excited, for some odd reason. They thought it was \"the best movie ever\". To me, I thought it was the weirdiest movie ever. We all were extremely tired, and everyone fell asleep were the where, which made me uncomfortable, seeing as I was next to Skip...on a bed. We looked at each other and both of us shrugged, and Skip yanked off his Woodstock shirt and fell back, getting ready to sleep. Skip put his arm around me, inviting me to be comfortable. I was attempting to sleep, dispite the awkward, yet funny situation I was in. Zephyr Skate Shop, 6:12 A.M. I yawned. I was the first one awake, surprisingly. In my sleep, I'd put my head on Skip's chest. Embarassing much? I yanked it off him, glad he and everyone else was still asleep, no one to see that we'd slept together--er, in the same bed. Yeah, that sounds better. I was incredibly angry as I realized that I had school. It was the last week and a half of school before the summer vacation official started. Skip would have to drive me to school, along with Avery and the guys.[Chapter 14] Wow...31 reviews! Thanks, you guys! New chapter--hope you guys like it! / Read and Review!! Chapter Fourteen :: Skip Says I'm a Problem Child Zephyr Skate Shop, 7:16 A.M. Everyone was soon up and awake. I changed into a black Rolling Stones shirt and yellow skinny jeans with black converse. My black nailpolish was chipping, and it was starting to annoy me. I grabbed my board from the front of the shop. All the guys were in the car already, and Skip was waiting for me. The guys and Avery were beeping the horn impatiently. Today we had our math final, and if we didn't want to go to summer school, we'd have to pass. In order to pass, we'd need to be there on time. And I was making everyone late. \"C'mon, RJ, let's go!\" I heard Tony yell from outside. \"Give me a sec!\" I yelled back as I grabbed my bottle of water and cranked it open, grabbed a Tylenol from my bag and swallowed it with the water. Skip arched an eyebrow at me curiously. I rolled my eyes. \"Don't ask, or I'll start PMSing at you.\" Skip laughed, then slurred, \"Whatever you say, girlie.\" *** I jumped in the passenger seat. The car was so overcrowded it wasn't even funny. Jay started obnoxiously singing Come Sail Away when it blasted on the radio. I rolled my eyes as all the guys acted as though they were absolutely drunk. I thought about the possibility to skip school today, but the finals were in my way. We pulled up at school, and all the guys sprang out of the car, yelling thanks to Skip. I smiled at him, and I was the last one in the car. \"See you later at practice, Skip,\" I said. He smiled at me, \"Alright. Good luck on the final or whatever. It's gotta be a bitch.\" I laughed and agreed with him. *** After the final, 1:45 P.M. \"That was the most fucking hardest final I have ever taken,\" Jay said, his eyes wide, as he brushed his hand through his sandy blond hair. Stacey rubbed his eyes and sighed heavily. Tony smiled and talked about how well he thought he did. Jay, Stacey and I all stared at him. Sadly, we had English class right after the final, so my teacher, Ms. Wilmington, invited everyone in the classroom. The entire Freshmen College-Prep class was in the classroom and there wasn't enough chairs, so I sat leaning against Jay. My teacher cleared her throat. \"As all of you are obviously aware, finals are over. So, we have one week left of school. And of course, that means that next Friday is the Freshmen prom.\" Ms. Wilmington announced. Everyone talked amoungst themselves excitedly. Jay, Stacey, Tony, Sid, Avery and I groaned. I didn't want to go to the prom. Fast and slow dancing, not my thing. And I'd rather skate or chill with the guys and Avery. Or surf with Skip--yeah, that sounds good. \"Ugh, I don't want to go to prom,\" Tony groaned. Stacey agreed, \"Nothing's worse, man.\" We all agreed on how bad the prom was. Ms. Wilmington called attention to the class again. \"Everyone is expected to come, since it is also like a class night. Tickets are ten dollars a person. Come with a date, come without a date. But you are expected to come.\" She said firmly. All of us groaned. Prom? Ew. *** Final practice before the competition, in the skatepark near Zephyr, 3:18 P.M. \"Yes! Finally, RJ. Perfect,\" Skip slurred as I showed him my Royal Christie. It was Friday, and the competition was the next day, Saturday. So all of us were skating our asses off and practicing as much as we could. I laughed and kicked up my skateboard. \"So it's good? I don't have to change anything?\" Skip shook his head, \"Nothing. Keep it the way it is. It's beautiful, girlie.\" I smiled, happy that Skip was happy with me, and started skating downwards into the empty pool below. But before I could, Jay skated by me and grabbed my hand, towing me down on his skateboard with him. I giggled as we stopped. Jay smiled and suddenly it was Tony and then Wentzle and Sid, until finally Skip stole me away from the guys. \"So are you ready for tomorrow?\" Skip said, a cigarette hanging from his mouth. Or was that a joint? \"Yeah,\" I said, \"I'm actually pretty nervous, I mean, all those people watching me? I'll be so preoccupied and shit...\" \"Don't be, RJ,\" Skip slurred, \"Music will be playing. So just skate to that, don't focus on the people.\" \"What song are you using for me? I know Jay is using Iron Man ,\" I said. \"Problem Child,\" Skip grinned. \"ACDC?\" I asked. \"Yeahp.\" Skip replied smugly. \"So you think I'm a problem child?\" I asked smugly back, and arched my eyebrow. \"I don't think you're a problem child,\" Skip said playfully, circling me on his skateboard, the cigarette muffling his voice a little, \"I kno w you're a problem child.\" I grinned at him, \"Gee, thank you, truly.\" \"No problem. Anything for you, girlie,\" he replied, circling me one more time. He grabbed me by the hips, still riding on his board, and I laughed. I took off his black sunglasses and put them on myself. He laughed, \"All you need is a joint and I'd swear you stole my identity.\" I giggled as I pulled the cigarette from his mouth and put it in mine, which I'd done countless times before, \"How about now?\" Skip tousled my hair and smirked. \"Yeah, that's about right.\"[Chapter 15] Hey you guys! Hopefully you are still liking \" Summer Never Ends \". So if you guys still like it, please let me know! Reviews are important to me, and it determines (in my opinion) if the readers are liking the story or not. But anyways, please enjoy the new, extra-long chapter! :) Please... READ & REVIEW! Chapter Fifteen :: Skip, Remove Your Shirt...Please I had finally sorted out things with Veronica. I was able to stay in my room, but she wanted nothing to do with me. It didn't matter, though, because if I needed anything I could ask Skip or one of the guys. I woke up the next day, my legs aching, no help from all the skating practice Skip made us do, and going to bed at twelve and waking up at three in the morning surely doesn't help either. I rolled over, fell of my bed on purpose, and over-exaggeratedly yawned. I crawled, too lazy and tired to get up, towards my Zephyr Skate & Surf Shop shirt, which had a two rips on the front, and my short, lighter jean shorts, which had rips all over them. I pulled on a pink and grey bra, stumbling over I was so tired. I applied some mascara and a little black eyeliner. My hair was straight with my bangs pulled back. I pulled on my purple converse. Grabbing my board, I boarded out the fire escape onto the rooftop of the boathouse and onto the pavement, and made my way towards Zephyr. Boarding over to the shop, I saw everyone waiting there, leaning on Skip and Stacyk's cars. I boarded over and couple of the guys whistled, Jay smirked. \"Whoa, RJ! Back up.\" Tony's eyes practically popped out of his head. I rolled my eyes. \"Shut up, you guys. My shirt got ripped. I didn't intend upon dressing like a whore.\" I muttered, \"You guys are pervs.\" The guys laughed, and I had to laugh a little along with them. It's not like we actually had \"feelings\" for one another. The guys were too much like my brothers, and we could never be more than best friends. It would be just too weird. It made me kind of upset that Stacey wasn't there, because Skip hadn't given him a spot on the team, even though Stacey practiced with us. All I knew was that Stacey was skating as an independent skater today at the competition. I slid on top of the hood of Skip's car, waiting for him and Billy to come out of the shops. It was way to early, only eight'o clock, and I planned to just relax a little when we rode to the competition, which was at least an hour away. Skip finally came out of the shop, Stacyk following behind him. \"Alright, is everybody here?\" Skip slurred. There were some scattered \"yes\". I hopped off the hood and stood beside the car. Skip looked over and smirked. \" There's the hooker I ordered earlier!\" Skip laughed smugly, eyeing my ripped tee shirt. The guys whistled and laughed hysterically. \"Shut up,\" I laughed, slightly embarrassed, playfully shoving Skip, who laughed, amused. I sighed heavily as the guys continued to laugh as we entered Skip's car, and I sat in the backseat with Jay and Sid. The car was jam-packed. I muttered, \"Fuck, it's way too early for this.\" *** \"RJ, turn on the radio, would you?\" Skip said, as he was driving. I shrugged and leaned across Wentzle and Tony and turned on the radio. Foghat's Slowride blared from the speakers. Slow ride, take it easy. I'm in the mood, the rhythm is right, Move to the music, we can roll all night. Oooh, oooh, slow ride...oooh, oooh... *** We all banged our heads to the beat and the guys sang along. Jay smirked at me, then tugged on the side of my ripped shirt. \"Hey RJ, can I have some of this ?\" Jay raised his eyebrows twice, implying. The guys all laughed. \"Sorry Jay, no can do.\" I smirked at him. \"I don't 'date' younger guys. And you know that.\" \"You're eighteen, I'm sixteen. Who cares?\" Jay said. I shrugged, still smirking smugly at him. \"Ooh, so Skip could absolutely bang you hard and get away with it? Is that what you're saying?\" Jay grinned innocently, knowing it would annoy me, \"'Cause that's just not fair.\" Again, he teases me like a brother would. All the guys cracked up, including Skip. I must have blushed. \"Technically...yeah.\" I said. I rolled my eyes as all the guys said \"oh!\" and whistled. All the guys patted Skip on the back, telling him it was a \"privilege to plow RJ\". \"Is RJ... blushing ?\" Tony grinned, poking my arm. Jay laughed, snorting. I glared at them. What was with them today? Their boxers to high up their ass? Or their hormones too much for them? It was pathetic, and I didn't like it too much. But whatever, I could ignore it. \"Shut up, Tony.\" I muttered, but smiled. Hair of the Dog by Nazareth blasted out of the speakers before the guys could protest and continue our weird and uncomfortable conversation. We started banging are heads and singing along as we drove down the expressway. Stacyk pulled up next to us. Soon we came up on the exit. Once we got off we basically went a couple feet and were at the competition. We pulled into the parking lot, and hopped out of the car. \"We're here.\" Skip announced, getting out. \"Hey, hey, wait hold on.\" Skip said, popping open the trunk. I stood out of the way and waited for the guys to get there boards. As soon as they did, I walked around to see Skip holding mine he handed it to me, and we looked in each others' eyes. \"Me and you practiced together, over and over, right?\" Skip said, completely serious. I nodded, smirking, \"Of course.\" \"Now show them what you've got, RJ.\" Skip smirked back, giving me my skateboard. I smiled at him. \"That, I will.\" *** I followed the guys towards the competition entrance. Skip led the group, and the guys were still singing Hair of the Dog as we pushed through the crowd. \"Sorry, yeah...sorry bout that. It's an emergency!\" Skip said laughing and pushing through the line, \"Oh nice socks, man, nice socks.\" I laughed too, as we made our way to the table. \"Hey, this is Skip Engblom and the Zephyr skate team...here's entry fee,\" he smacked money down on the table. The girl stood up, freaked out. \"Now where's our trophies?\" he slurred, we cheered loudly. A security guard came over. \"Sir, I'm going to have to ask you to go to the end of the line!\" he said looking at Skip. Skip just played stupid. For being normally drunk all the time, Skip isn't very stupid... I thought, slightly laughing to myself. \"I thought this was the end of the line, man.\" Skip said, leaning in slightly, \"Is it not?\" The cop pointed to the end of the line, \"Go to the end of the line!\" he repeated, all bossy. \"Listen, I'm...uh...sure we could work something out.\" Skip said, opening his wallet. I saw a hundred, I smirked. He would do this to a dumbass of a cop. \"Alright...you and your team are ok...have a nice day.\" The cop said, shaking Skip's hand. I shook my head, lightly laughing. \"Hey, man, have a nice day. Have a nice day.\" Skip said, then we walked off quickly. I followed him faithfully, snickering. We walked into the area we were going to be boarding. ----------------- Ew. We had to skate on a freaking table-top? \"What the fuck?\" I said glaring at the table-top, \"This sucks...hard.\" Skip came over, holding up a number. I gestured for him to pin it on. \"You've got to be kidding me\" I said sighing. \"I wish, RJ.\" he replied absent-mindedly, pinning the number on the upper right side of my shirt. He patted my shoulder when he finished and left. I sighed heavily again. *** I stood there, angrily glaring at the eminent object that was the table-top. Skip came up. \"You okay? I know yesterday you told me you were nervous, and that's alright, but you really don't have anything to worry about,\" he somewhat slurred, a cigarette in his mouth. \"Yeah, I'm fine. I am still kind of nervous, though.\" I admitted, twirling a piece of my blond hair stupidly. \"You'll be fine.\" Skip smirked, and me and him walked to were the team was sitting down alongside the table-top. \"Next up, Jay Adams riding for Zephyr Skateboards,\" the Announcer said. Skip put in a CD and I ron Man started playing. I bobbed my head to the beat and Skip walked back over to us. We watched as Jay fell off the ramp and I cringed. \"Ouch!\" I said laughing lightly. \"Looks like...two sevens...and an eight.\" the announcer said. Skip looked frustrated. \"Come on!\" he said angrily walking over to Stacyk. I gave Jay a pat on the back as he sat next to me. He smiled. \"You did amazing, Jay.\" I stated. He nodded, hugging me tight in thanks. A blond whore-bag came over with her friend, eyeing Jay like a little slut. \"Hey, you blew me away!\" She said over the noise of cheering and people talking. \" What ? You want to blow me?\" Jay said innocently. I laughed at the girl. \"Maybe!\" The blond whore-bag said, her friend pulling her away. I snorted, resisting shouting \"whore\" to her. \"Next up...Tony Alva, riding for Zephyr Skateboards.\" The Announcer said. Tony went on the platform and began his run. I didn't pay much attention, seeing as a bunch of val boys were eyeing me pervert-style. I felt better standing next to Skip. He may be a drunk, but he's tall (taller than me) and intimidating. \"Next up, Stacy peralta--an independent skater.\" the announcer said. I looked up to see a blond head of hair that was one of my best friends. I watched his run. He had gotten better. He used a lot of surfing moves which was pretty cool, I had to admit. Everybody cheered, his run ended the guys gave him high-fives. A judge came over. Oh shit. *** \"You're disqualified!\" The judge said to Stacey angrily. All of us stared at the guy, confused. \"What?\" he asked, confused. \"You touched the course with your hands!\" The judge said, angry. I walked up and stood next to Stacey, ready to back him up. \"They all touched the course!\" Stacey said, obviously pissed. \"Read the rules!\" the Judge said. \"Hey, hey! Dude, he tied me!\" Tony said, defending Stacey. \"Can your dirty-ass even read?\" The official said. Bad choice. Tony practically pounced and punched the official square in the face. Skip ran over to Tony, kind of alarmed. \"Whoa, ease up, TA!\" Skip said trying to calm him down. I helped hold tony back. Tony jumped forward a bit. \"Ease up, man!\" Skip said again. Tony loosened slightly. An official in a pink shirt came over. \"Off the fairgrounds!\" he yelled at Skip, who turned around to see him. *** \"Why don't you cut these kids some slack, man?\" Skip said, defending the us. \"Slack!\" the official yelled back. \"Yeah!\" Skip yelled, angry. \"Who do you guys think you are, coming into our contest and pulling this shit?\" he said pointing at me and the guys. Skip stepped up to him. \"Pulling what shit? My guys were kicking your girl's asses!\" Skip yelled back, \" I mean every judge on the panel is on your pay roll! What kind of shit is that?\" Skip asked pushing the official. The official pushed him back. Bad idea to push Skip... I thought. \"Yeah? Oh yeah, well then, step up to the plate, man!\" Skip said, his belt snapped as it came out of the last belt loop. He wound it around his knuckles. \"One at a time!\" He took a threatening step forward. The official backed away from him. \"Hey look, alright?\" he said dropping the belt on the ground, \"It's gone, alright?\" He said and lifted up his hands to show the belt was gone. He stepped over to the guy. \"These kids, they're at a tender age. They tense easily.\" Skip said trying to bribe the official into reconsidering. The official nodded. \"Your boy that punched my official is out.\" the official said. \"What? Come on!\" Skip said angrily. The official walked away. Tony stormed off, Kathy and Skip following him. I went behind the hay bales, Skip came over and stood next to me. I smirked handing him his belt. \"You might want this...I can see your boxers.\" I smugly. He smirked and tousled my hair and then strapped his belt back on. *** 1 Hour Later... \"Next up is River-Jill Whitlock riding for Zephyr Skateboards,\" The announcer stated. The guys cheered and hollered as I grabbed my board. I got ready to start when the creeper of an official came over and stopped me. \"You can't ride with that shirt, it's too showy. You're going to have to forfeit or change,\" he said, bossy. I cursed under my breath and Skip walked over. \"What the hell's going on, RJ? Why aren't you out there?\" He asked leaning in. \"I can't skate with this shirt, apparently.\" I snorted, looking at him. I looked at his shirt then him, grinning. \"Skip, remove your shirt...please.\" I said hurriedly. Skip looked around, smirking triumphantly, \"What?\" he said, laughing. \"You heard me, Skip. I'll give it back to you afterward.\" I said. We both pulled off his tank top, our team gave off whistles and hollers of approvel. While everybody stared I grabbed his shirt and slipped it on. \"There, RJ. Now go kick some ass!\" Skip said, smiling. I smiled back at him. ...And got ready to skate.[Chapter 16] Hey guys! Enjoy:) Read and Review , please!! Chapter Sixteen :: Skip was Love Drunk, Now He's Hungover Skip put in a CD for my run; AC/DC's Problem Child . I banged my head to the beat as I began my run. \"She's started out with a three-sixty!\" the announcer said. I did low driving turns, some jumps. I pulled my Royal Christie perfectly and I heard hollers of approval and cheers from the guys. It was down to my last move. I did a one handed handstand on the ground with my skateboard still touching my feet. I curved around before touching the ground, so I added the low driving turn to the end. I skated off the table-top, and massive cheers came from the crowd. Did I actually do okay? Jay tackled me, then Tony, followed by Stacey, Sid, Wentzle and the rest of the gang. I was so happy that I was practically hyper-ventilating. After everyone had taken their seats back down around me, Skip kneeled down next to me, giving me, what I hoped, a cup of water. I eyed him suspiciously. \"This better not be hard achohol or vodka.\" I smirked at him. Skip laughed lightly. \"It's water, girlie. You did amazing. I mean, really. You got a nine, ten and ten, love. Might put you at the top for women's competition.\" Skip smiled, slurring, patting my back. I felt kind of nautious and tired. \"Oh my God! Really?\" I gasped, still trying to catch my breath. \"Yeah, you did amazing.\" Skip said, then cocked his head to the side, \"Why are you all pale? You alright?\" \"Tired, nervous.\" I smiled weakly, \"I want to know the results. Really bad.\" \"It's alright. Calm down, baby girl. You did great.\" Skip said, trying to calm me. Whenever I compete or I'm nervous, I practically make myself sick. So it was no surprise I was flipping out. Skip smiled and put an arm around me, and I snuggled into him willingly, and I smiled back at him. To my amusement, Skip was totally bare-chested, shirtless. I still wore his tank top. \"First place in the women's competition is River-Jill Whitlock, for Zephyr Skateboards!\" The announcer called. I looked up, surprised. I jumped up, hugging Skip. I gave him a kiss on the cheek in excitement. He spun me half way before setting me down, and I jogged up to podium and excepted my award. I smiled, photographers snapped my photo I gave a peace sign and then the finger once, and all the guys cracked up at that. A few guys hollered some dirty stuff to me, but I ignored it and jumped off the stage and joined the guys. Jay hugged me tight and picked me up, so he was holding me in the air. I laughed and Tony tackled me after Jay set me down, and Stacey and Sid and Wentzle joined Tony in the mosh-pit of hugging me. The rest of the awards were handed out, and Jay got second and Stacey got first. The realization that I'd kissed Skip finally dawned on me. I bit my lip. Did I really care? It was out of excitement...right? *** After the competition, we all went out to eat. All I got was fries and a water. I wasn't really very hungry at all, I was too excited. And a bit nervous. Prom was this upcoming Friday, and I had no idea if Jay, the mastermind we called the \"Prom-Planner\", was planning on all of us going to prom. He said to all of us that we might be going to the prom, we might not. I wasn't really sure. Neither was any of us. But Jay had a trick up his sleeve, being the little michevious kid he is. I sat between Stacyk and Skip, and Jay sat up behind me. I felt bad that Stacey wasn't here, and I looked at Skip, who was lighting up a cigarette. \"Did you ask Stace to come?\" Skip shrugged, \"Yeah, but he didn't want to. Whatever,\" Skip slurred. I looked up at Jay, who shrugged. Since he was sitting behind me, upwards, he'd been playing with my hair for the past half hour. I found it really amusing, so I let him do it. Stacy walked in standing there we all got quiet for a minute, the awkwardness really annoying me. \"Take a seat, man.\" Skip said, motioning to the empty seats. Montoya handed him a zephyr tee. \"You earned it, bro.\" Skip said, taking another drag from his cigarette. \"Yeah, you're one of us now!\" Sid said, smiling. \"That maggot has always been one of us.\" Jay said, grinning. \"Yeah, wear it with pride, man.\" Skip said raising his glass. \"You know I will!\" Stacey said, excited. \"Hey, Stacey, that t-shirt will get you more titty than you ever dreamed of, man!\" Skip said, and I coughed. \"I got my boy covered, Skip.\" Kathy said, laughing. The guys whistled and laughed. \"Hey, you guys made a mess at that contest today... They look at you as the enemy now, right?\" Skip proposed. \"But it's good to have enemies! A toast!\" Stacyk said, sitting up next to Skip. \"A toast!\" Kathy said raising her glass. We all did, except me. I grabbed Skip's glass that was filled with ice-cubes. \"To the boy kings...you're all a bunch of filthy pillow biters!\" Stacyk yelled tossing ice-cubes at us. I threw back ice-cubes from Skip's glass. I felt one slip down my pants, I looked over to see Skip pouring ice down my jeans. I laughed and I turned, pulling on the front of his jeans. I poured the ice down his pants and he turned to me, pouring more water on my head. Everybody laughed at us I started to push him playfully. He grabbed my wrists, laughing. I laughed while trying to get my arms free. \"Stop! You can't act like that here! This is a family restaurant!\" the manager said, running over. We stopped for a moment and gave upset sighs. I saw Sid, who threw a burger at him. The manager pulled him over the table. Skip let go of my wrist and jumped down after him grabbing the manager. The manager threw a punch at him, hitting him square in the jaw. Stacyk got between them. \"Hey, hey! This is a family restaurant!\" Stacyk said. I sat there about to get up, Skip pushed stacyk quickly, and decked the manager square in the face. As you can guess, we had to leave after that...hahahaha. *** It was late when Skip dropped me off at my foster parents' house, I'd say around eleven o'clock. Skip smiled as we pulled up and I got out, then went around his window. \"You did good today, girlie.\" Skip smirked. I grinned, \"Thanks, Skip. I'll see you at practice tomorrow.\"[Chapter 17] Whoaaa, chapter seventeen. Getting up there! This one is very intense, and it's the climax of the fanfiction! YAYY! Hope you guys like this one!! Please, please... READ & REVIEW! Chapter Seventeen :: SKIPping Prom Jay's House, 7:14 P.M. And so prom was tomorrow night. Ugh! Jay, the planner, had something up his sleeve and wouldn't tell us. All he said was to have everyone meet at his house at 7:00, and to wear prom stuff. I was late, but of course Jay wouldn't care. I finally got there. I wore a reddish, strapless, short boho dress that had a brown belt going across the stomach. It was gorgeous, and I had sniped it from Veronica's closet, the only dress she had. Avery, Kathy and I had snuck in to get it. It was kind of a whore-like dress, but I didn't really care. I came up onto Jay's porch, where already Wentzle, Jay, Stacey, Sid, Tony and a few others were smoking or drinking beer, but thank God they weren't drunk. Avery and Kathy were already there. Jay came up and smiled. Free Bird started playing, the fast part, and Jay did his funky little 'seductive' dance around me, and I laughed. He grabbed my hands and pulled me closer towards him, and I continued to laugh lightly. \"Hey, J-Boy! No raping RJ!\" Tony called, laughing. \"She doesn't want to be scarred for life!\" Sid cackled. Stacey laughed with him. Jay grinned and held me in a hug so I was up against him. \"Maybe she does!\" Jay laughed. \"Is that so?\" Wentzle laughed. \"What do you say, RJ?\" Sid asked. \"I think you guys are a bunch of creepers.\" I laughed, releasing myself from Jay's grasp, seeing that Avery and Kathy were waving me over from inside Jay's house, and grabbing the beer out of Jay's hand. \"Oooh!\"s and whistles went off as I walked away, smirking. Jay called jokingly, \"That's harsh, Riv!\" *** Kathy and Avery were both in short, strapless dresses like mine. Kathy grinned when she saw me, as did Avery. \"Is something happening between you and Jay?\" Kathy said jokingly in a sing-songy voice. I smirked at her. \"No, no...I have a thing for someone else.\" \"Ooh!\" Avery giggled. \"Who might that guy be?\" Kathy winked. \"No one...\" I mumbled. Ah, who was I kidding? I had a huge thing for Skip, and there was no getting around it. He was funny, a good skater, care-free, and sweet. What was wrong with him? Then again, the cons...he was a pot-head, drunk, and not scared to speak his mind. But I needed a care-free guy, and Skip was perfect. If only he liked me back... \"You do so like someone! Or else you wouldn't have told us,\" Avery grinned, poking my arm. \"C'mon, Riv. Give me a hint!\" Kathy pressed. I rolled my eyes, but smiled. \"He's blond, funny, random, care-free, hysterical...\" \" You love Skip Engblom !\" Kathy and Avery shouted excitedly at me at once, and I practically fell over. I glared at them, \"Shh!\" \"Ooh, so she does love our favorite alcoholic surfer!\" Avery grinned. \"Shut it! You guys, I don't want anyone else to know.\" I said quietly. \"It's a secret I've been hiding for a while.\" \"We won't tell anyone.\" They said together, still excited. *** Soon, everyone was inside the Adams' house. Philaine was telling Kathy, Avery and I how pretty we looked and hugged us. I'd known Philaine for such a long time it was almost as if she was my mother, and Kathy and Avery felt the same. She was so nice and supported all things that Jay did, such as surfing and skateboarding. I wandered around the really-crowded living room. Jay smiled as he walked up to me, grabbing my hips. He wore a slouchy, messy dress shirt, his tie around his neck, not tied, bare feet and messy black dress pants. I was guessing he loved to look totally un-proper. \"Looking good, RJ.\" Jay smirked at me. I smiled at him. \"Not so bad yourself, J-Boy. Kind of messy, but it's better than all-proper.\" Jay smiled. *** \"Alright! Let's go!\" Jay shouted as we jumped on our boards, even in our (kind-of) dressy wear. We all followed Jay, wondering where the hell he was going. I was puzzled as he went past the boardwalk, which is the opposite direction of school. \"J-Boy! Where the fuck are we going, dude?\" Stacey and Tony asked as we skated. \"You'll see!\" Jay shouted. Avery and I shrugged, following Jay. Soon enough, though, we were at---you guessed it--Zephyr. All the guys seemed really happy, that we got to skip prom. \"YEAHH, J-BOY!\" They all yelled as the headed into Zephyr. I rolled my eyes, kicked up my skateboard, and came inside Zephyr with Kathy and Avery. It was really crowded in there with everyone I knew and I'm guessing Jay had planned this ahead of time. All the guys were talking to Skip excitedly, really happy that they didn't have to go to the crummy school prom. I couldn't blame them. I'd much rather be with Skip. *** The party was amazing. Everyone was there. The shop was unbelievably crowded. After a little while, Avery went over to Sid and they talked, and Kathy made her way over to Stacey to have a make-out session. I leaned against the counter, sipping a beer. Skip looked up from talking to the guys, and he gave me a small smile, an innocent look. I smiled back. I'd never seen a innocent look on that man's face, and tonight was the first time. He came over from talking with the guys, and looked me up and down. For once, he didn't slur, but talked like a normal person, which I found really adorable. \"Whoa, RJ, you look...\" Skip said, gawking at me. \"SEXY!\" Jay and Tony said as they ran by, obviously getting a little too drunk. Skip and I laughed. \"You look really beautiful.\" Skip said quietly, then looked down at himself, \"And I look like a total hobo.\" I laughed light-heartedly. \"You're not so bad yourself, Skip.\" I grinned. He wore his hair pulled back, a white short-sleeve t-shirt and dark jeans with rips on the knees. Skip smiled his amazing smile. Without warning, we both came closer together. He put his arms around my waist and I put my arms around his neck. We looked at each other blankly, and... kissed .[Chapter 18] OMG, so sorry for the late update! Please enjoy :) Please READ & REVIEW!!!! Chapter Eighteen :: Renegades of Dogtown Pool-Hopping, 6:20 P.M. \" Here comes success, here comes success Oh, hooray success, hooray success Here comes success, hooray success Oh oh success, oh oh success I can't help myself, I can't help myself I just got to got to got to, I just got to got to got to... I can't stand it, got to got to got to ...\" I twisted and turned jokingly to the words of Success by Iggy Pop seductivley as Jay held both my hands and playfully acted like a complete idiot with me. Jay and Stacey laughed as the ventured downwards into an empty pool with Sid. Ever since the party, which was two days earlier, me and Skip had kept it on the down low that we made-out. No one had seen us, 'cause we had gone to the backroom. I figured that if the guys found out, for some reason they'd be pissed. So, I hadn't told them. Currently, we were pool-hopping at some random chick's house, getting ready to board. I wore my blond hair straight down with a white, slouchy knit beret, aviator sunglasses, bright blue skinny jeans, a white Rolling Stones tounge shirt and blue converse. Jay pulled me down by the waist, us following Stacey, Sid and Tony. I stood back, clutching my board, the one Skip had given to me, as the guys tried out the pool, without much success. I watched the guys board. They kept falling because of the diving board. Once they realized that was the reason, they were able to do it just fine. I tried it out multiple times, then I sat on the edge after my performance. \"Hey, RJ! Get down here!\" Jay said, waving me over. I hopped in the pool, pushing off, carving the walls. Sid took a try at it. He fell off, not moving afterwards. We ran over and Jay poked him with his board. \"Hey Sid! Dude, you alright?\" Stacey asked. Sid rolled over, groaning. He looked at his feet. \"I can't feel my feet...\" Sid said. I gasped lightly. He pulled out a rolled up piece of paper, a fake joint, and put it in his mouth. \"But then again, man, I can never feel my feet!\" Sid said, obviously imitating Skip. I rolled my eyes and playfully smacked his knee, and resumed watching the guys board. They boarded in the pool for a little while. They got bored, leaving through the gate. Stacey drove us around in his car. We spotted an empty house, a expensive-looking one, and hopping out, we ran into the back-yard. *** \"Let's see the moves, Riv!\" Tony called playfully. Jay and Stacey and Sid hollered approvingly. Avery at that moment arrived, having Sid told her where we were. I sighed and looked at the amazing, empty pool in front of me. And I got first skate. I stood over the edge. I jumped up in mid-air and grabbed my board, soaring down the pool walls. I tore up the pool, carving the walls up so badly that I left black wheel marks all over it. I grinned as the guys clapped as I finished, hopping next to Avery. The guys all were about to skate, including Avery, when I yelled, \"Stop!\" They all looked at me curiously. I smirked, \"We need a soundtrack to this.\" I pressed the \"on\" button on the random house's outside stereo and Nazareth's Hair of the Dog started playing. It reminded me of the ride to the last competition, and I felt happy. \" Red hot mama Velvet charmer Times come to pay your dues Now youre messin with a A son of a bitch Now youre messin with a son of a bitch Now youre messin with a A son of a bitch Now youre messin with a son of a bitch! \" *** The Next Day, Pool-Hopping, 4:15 P.M. We hadn't been to practice for two days now, and I hoped Skip wasn't pissed off at me. It was only me, Avery, Stacey, Tony, Jay and Avery missing out of nineteen...he still had a huge team that was showing up. But still, I felt bad. I mean, I wanted to see him. We'll go to practice tomorrow, I told myself. I announced it to the guys and Avery, and they all agreed. As we all were absolutely tearing up this amazingly huge pool...of course, the cops came. \"Pigs! Pigs!\" Jay yelled. We all hightailed it out of there. We ran in a pack, you could say, and of course, there were like three police officers. \"Freeze!\" I heard a cop yell at us. I turned, as did the guys and cringed. \"You hoodlums are coming with me.\" One cop said, grabbing me. Of course, Jay got pissed, letting his protectiveness over me show obviously and started mouthing off to the police. And Tony lost his temper. Great, just great. We got arrested. *** As we got to the junky police station, which was situated in between Pacific Ocean Pier and Zephyr, and one of the guards started lecturing us. He told us it's against the law to trespass and all that shit. Jay snorted a few times, and I got really bored at this guy's supposedly enlightening speech. Halfway through one of the guard's sentances, Stacey said, \"Dude, can we just have our damn phone call already?\" I rolled my eyes. The guard snorted. \"You get one call. For all of you, you get one call.\" We all protested, but the guard told us to shut up and make our phone call, unless we didn't want one. He brought us over to the phone. I sat down at the table, and all of the guys and Avery stood around me. They all stared. I glared at them, \"What?\" \"You decide who to call.\" Jay said. \"You know best.\" I shrugged and thought for a second. Who could I call? Veronica? No. Fail. Brian? NO. Even more of a fail. Philaine? At work. ...Skip Engblom? Score. I dialed the number of Zephyr as everyone stood around me. I prayed the neither Stacyk, Billy nor Chino answered--as much as I loved Skip's friends, I trusted only Skip to bail me out of jail. \"Zephyr.\" A slurred, male voice said. \"Skip?\" I asked cautiously. \"RJ?\" It was Skip. \"Hey...um...I kinda need your help...\" *** After about ten minutes, Jay, Stacey, Avery, Sid, Tony and I jumped up like loyal dogs when we heard the guard say to us, \"Your ride's here.\" I stepped outside after all of the guys and Avery, who all scurried into Skip's car. Skip gripped my shoulder gently and thanked the cop for watching me. I felt a struck of guilt, having Skip come down to the police station and bail me out while I'd been skipping practice twice in a row. The car ride, thank God, was as it always was, thanking Skip and chattering away. I, as usual, sat in the passenger seat, and watched Skip drive. He looked unusually cute today, his hair pulled back, dark, ripped jeans and a black Led Zeppelin shirt with his black ray bans. We pulled up at Zephyr, and all the guys and Avery thanked Skip and scurried into the shop with their boards, hurrying to be able to catch the last hour and a half of practice. I stayed seated. Skip stopped the car, and kept his hands lazily on the steering wheel. \"Skip, I'm really sorry I made you come get me and the guys. I don't deserve it, you know, for skipping practice twice this week. You didn't have to pick--\" I rambled on, but Skip grinned his infamous grin and gently silenced me. \"When did you get all emotional and deep? I thought you were carefree,\" Skip smirked. I laughed gently and grinned back at him. He slid one hand on my upper waist and I put my arms around his neck. And he pulled me in, and we kissed. Please... READ & REVIEW!![Chapter 19] Ahh! 60 Reviews! Thank you guys so much! New chapter, enjoy :) Please read & review ! Chapter Nineteen :: A New Competition Skip's Car, 8:15 A.M. I yawned, a dramatized yawn. I heard loud beeping from outside. I grabbed my board and sluggishly opened the screen door. Skip's car sat in front of my house. It was crowded with Jay, Stacey, Avery, Tony and Sid, and the front seat was open for me. Skip was driving, and trying to pry Jay of the horn, in which he was currently honking. I rolled my eyes, smiled, and in mid-air, jumped up off, over the porch steps, grabbed my board mid-air and boarded towards Skip's car once on the ground, swerving right up the the passenger car door. I kicked up my board and opened the door. Jay and Skip laughed as Jay was finally pryed off the horn . Fire by Jimi Hendrix blared in the car. \"I HAVE ONLY ONE BURNIN' DESIRE LET ME STAND NEXT TO YOUR FIRE LET ME STAND NEXT TO YOUR FIRE HEY LET ME STAND NEXT TO YOUR FIRE OH, LEY ME STAND BABY LET ME STAND NEXT TO YOUR FIRE LET ME STAND NEXT TO YOUR FIRE OH LISTEN HERE BABY AND STOP ACTING SO CRAZY YOU SAY YOUR MUM AIN'T HOME AND IT'S NOT MY CONCERN JUST PLAY WITH ME AND YOU WON'T GET BURNED...\" Skip grinned at me and the guys and Avery greeted me. Today was yet another competition, but it was farther away--and way harder to win. I was nervous, I had to admit. Jay, Tony and Stacey were talking Sid into having his dad, a wealthy one at that, drain Sid's pool once his parents were out of town so we could drain it. \"Seriously, we should drain it when your dad's gone on a business trip!\" Jay said, excited about his idea. \"Yeah! He'd have you all killed! Good idea though, but no.\" Sid said. \"Hey, kiss me granny! Like to get me some of the grey beaver!\" Jay yelled out the window at two elderly women. I burst out laughing, and Skip almost chocked-laughing on the water he was just drinking. \"Come back when you're bald!\" I heard one of the women yell back. That just made me laugh harder. \"Yeah! Lookn' good!\" Jay yelled. I couldn't breathe at this point, because I was laughing so hard. Skip just looked at me funny, then cracked into a smile. \"You too, Mr. Rogers!\" Jay yelled out the window to a elderly man. That guys face was priceless. Absolutely priceless. *** Ocean Front State Festival, 10:18 A.M. I got out holding my board tight. I walked with Skip as the guys and Avery went to warm up. I wasn't concerned with warming up, I'd be competing later than everyone else. Larry, some tight-ass (supposedly) skating tycoon in a yellow skate-brand shirt smiled and tried to address Skip as we walked by, but Skip dismissed him and kept on walking and encouraged me to do the same. Skip slipped his hand into mine and looked down at me, his eyes not visible with his black ray-bans. \"RJ, you know that guy we just saw?\" Skip asked as we walked. I nodded. \"Yeah? He looks like a dumbass.\" \"He is. He claims to give you everything if you skate for him, so don't listen. If you don't believe me, you'll find out soon enough.\" I nodded. Skip was selling boards to a bunch of random people who wanted them. I sat on a table behind him, and a ton of people asked me for my autograph. I shrugged and gave out a lot of them, occassionally getting bored and I'd steal the joint that hung out the side of Skip's mouth. After a little while of signing some autographs, I told Skip I'd be back and went to look at some of the competition. *** I walked along some of the crowds, occasionally seeing some good moves. I spotted Jay and the guys and Avery, but I didn't go over. I just looked around. A bunch of val boys were there creeping around, and two came up and started hitting on me. \"Hey girlie. You're that skater...River Whitlock...I've seen you. You're pretty sick-nasty.\" One said. \"Heh. Thanks.\" I said, aloof. \"Pretty hot for a skater chick.\" The second one winked. Ew. That's gross, I thought to myself, \"Well, I guess I'd better be going...\" \"Don't leave yet,\" The first one said, winking. \"I--uh...\" I stammered. What creepers. I suddenly felt to muscular arms grab me by my waist playfully from behind, and to my relief, the smell of cologne and cigarette smoke drifted to me. \"Hey, RJ, you're going on in a few. Time to warm up.\" Skip said. He kissed me gently and to my relief the two creeper val boys scurried off. I grinned and twirled around and Skip hand his hands on my lower back. I grinned up at him and returned the kiss. He grinned. *** I tore up the practice area. Skip patted my back. \"RJ, you're ready, and you're up in a few minutes.\" Jay, Stacey, Tony, Sid and the whole other nineteen of us, the Zephyr team, all sat alongside where I was about to start my run. \"River-Jill Whitlock, for Zephyr Skateboards.\" The announcer called my name. Cheers of \"Go, River!\" were heard, and I knew they were just fans, because my gang, the Zephyr team, all yelled \"YEAH, RJ!\". It was amazing how I could hear the difference between my basic family and random people. I dropped my board and started my run, pulling around. I gained speed and came up on the high rise. I pushed my arm out and grabbed the edging holding myself up for a moment then dropping down, I did low driving turns almost touching the ground every time, I was just about to go for a jump so I picked up speed. I did my Royal Christie, and finished with a Swerving Turn. The crowd cheered loudly as I finished and went off the skating area. Skip grinned as I came off, cheering still very loud. I threw myself into him and he caught me in his arms. After that, Jay and the boys attacked me once again in hugs and praise. Wow...I thought I had done bad![Chapter 20] Wow. Chapter twenty! Please enjoy the new update! Read and review , please! Chapter Twenty :: Dogtown, Where Summer Never Ends After being congradulated by the guys on my run, I was about to walk away when someone tapped my shoulder. I turned to see Larry, the tight-ass skating tycoon that Skip warned me about. I knew what he wanted by the look on his face and the logo on his shirt. I didn't even let him talk. \"I'm not trading in Skip, man, so don't try to sell me any of your shitty promises. If you'll excuse me, I'm going to find my manager.\" I snapped at him, walking away, the Larry guy in shock that I'd dismissed him so quickly. I looked all around and finally spotted Skip. I skated over to him. \"Hey.\" I muttered and Skip put his arms around my waist, and I put my arms around his neck. \"Hey. You alright?\" I gestured to Tony, who was now across the way, talking to Larry. I rolled my eyes. Skip and I instantly let go of each other as Tony looked over. I nodded at Tony as he shrugged at me as Larry tried to sell him all the \"fame\" shit. I grabbed Skip's hand and started dragging him to his car, where everyone else was waiting. I didn't want Skip to think we were going to \"leave\" him, like he had thought before. \"Let's go. Everyone's waiting.\" I said, and Skip smiled and playfully let me drag him. On the Road, 9:15 P.M. \"Damn,\" Skip muttered, hitting the steering wheel, \"I just fucking filled this tank up.\" We pulled into a gas station. It was pretty late at night, but I wasn't tired. I walked in, walking closely with Jay. \"Hey, Jay-boy, tell me 'bout Larry, man.\" Skip said. \"That dude told me shit about how great I was: 'Dude, you may be the best skater in the world! The truth is I think you are the greatest' Jay imitated Larry. \"So what he tell you, Peralta?\" Skip asked and Stacey smiled. \"Apparently, we're all the best skaters.\" Stacey said, laughing. Skip looked at me I stared at him innocently. \"How about you, RJ?\" Jay inquired, \"What'd the dumb-ass tell you?\" \"I didn't let him talk. That dude's a fucking creep.\" I shrugged. Skip smiled. \"I guess it's all working out for you boys...and girl.\" I grinned at him. On the way home, Wish You Were Here by Pink Floyd played in the car. So, so you think you can tell Heaven from Hell, Blue skies from pain. Can you tell a green field From a cold steel rail? A smile from a veil? Do you think you can tell? I smiled lightly at Skip, who side-smiled at me as we drove. I was exhausted. Jay and Tony and Sid and Avery and Stacey chatted in the back quietly about the competition. Did they get you to trade Your heroes for ghosts? Hot ashes for trees? Hot air for a cool breeze? Cold comfort for change? Did you exchange A walk on part in the war, For a lead role in a cage? How I wish, how I wish you were here. We're just two lost souls Swimming in a fish bowl, Year after year, Running over the same old ground. What have we found The same old fears. Wish you were here. The lyrics were calming, but sad, along with the soft piano in the background. This was, on record, the only slower song ever played in Skip's car. Wow. After we dropped off everyone else, Skip pulled up to my (kind-of) house. Really, I only owned the boathouse next to my room and my room. I smiled at Skip, and he smiled back. I leaned in and he kissed me, it lasted for a little bit. Afterwards, we both smiled again and I thanked Skiip for the ride and told him I'd see him tomorrow, then walked up to the house. The Next Day, Pool-Hopping, 10:45 A.M. \"Hey, guys!\" Tony said, coming into the backyard we were currently pool-hopping in. Avery and I looked over to see some photographers following him, along with Stacyk. We looked at each other confused. \"Hey, you're River Whitlock,\" a tall woman said with a accent, maybe Australian. She started walking around and talking to the people behind her. Stacyk came over and stood next to me. \"Stacyk, what the hell is going on, might I ask?\" I glared at him. Before he could answer, the tall reporter lady came up to me and dragged me along with her, down into the water-less pool. \"Okay, Riva,\" She said, her accent incredibly obvious, \"Pose for a few pictures, mate!\" I shrugged, and I held my board behind my head and smiled. \"Beautiful! Nice!\" The photographer exclaimed. \"Give me something powerful, now!\" The Australian woman said. I pulled my board in front of me, making sure ZEPHYR was clearly seen, and put a strong face on for the camera. \"Good, brilliant, mate! Gorgeous! Give us a few more.\" The woman said and the camera flashed constantly in my face. I posed differently everytime. \"Very beautiful! Now a few action shots!\" The camera-man exclaimed. I carved the pool a few times and grinded rails, then the Australian woman interviewed me. \"So, many boys are now wonder, Riva,\" she said, \"Do you have a boyfriend?\" I must've looked very surprised, because I sure felt that way. I looked up from the pool to see Skip, and we both smiled at each other. \"To tell you the truth, I have a boyfriend, yeah.\" I replied. \"Ooh. Interesting! And did you meet him on the road, a competition? Or maybe a teammate?\" She implied to the Z-Boys. \"I've known him for a very long time now, and he's taught me everything I know.\" I smiled, keeping it simple. \"Ooh, mysterious!\" The Australian woman laughed, \"But what is 'dogtown' to you, mate?\" \"Dogtown? It's my life. The place I grew up. Where my family is, and I mean my friends when I say that. Dogtown is the place where summer never ends .\" \"That's deep, Riva! You must love it here,\" She smiled, \"And who got you into boarding?\" \"Skip Engblom, owner of Zephyr Skateboards. He's taught me everything.\" I replied. \"Ooh, nice. Thanks for letting me interview you, Riva. Pleasure talkin' to you.\" The Australian reporter smiled warmly. \"Same here. Thanks.\" I nodded, and skipped over to the diving board, where Skip was currently sitting. I smiled at him as I approached. He grinned back with open arms, inviting me into him. I accepted his gesture and sat on his lap, both his arms around me. \"And who exactly set this all up?\" I questioned, smirking at Skip. He rolled his eyes and smiled. \"Stacyk.\" \"He would.\" I replied, and Skip and I watched as Jay tore up the pool below us. - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - REVIEW , please! :)[Chapter 21] Author's Note : OMG. Chapter twenty-one. I just need to tell all you readers and reviewers, thank you so much for taking the time to read this fanfiction. It means a lot! I'm expecting to write this fanfiction throughout the plot of the movie, so I hope you all will continue to read Summer Never Ends and the chapters to come! Read and review , please! Chapter Twenty-One :: The Jetty The Beach, 2:15 P.M. \"So there's this girl named River-Jill Whitlock.\" \"Mhm, yeah?\" \"And she's this fucking awesome chicka from Dogtown.\" Jay, Stacey, Sid, Tony, Wentzle and the rest of the guys were teasing me. I laughed as Jay pulled me forcefully onto his lap, and we rolled in the sand a little. \"You guys are pervs,\" Skip laughed as he walked over and scooped me up, from Jay, \"We all know she wouldn't lay any of you're stoned asses.\" The boys all laughed and I could tell Tony and Sid were high, along with Wentzle. Stacey and Jay seemed fine, and Skip was only mildly stoned. We were all on the beach, all nineteen of us. Chino and Skip were taking drags from their cigarettes, and Stacyk was waxing up his surfboard, getting ready to surf. Jay was sipping some beer, and I rolled my eyes. Skip took me down on the sand with him, and I sat in his lap, up against his bare chest. None of the guys were in their wet suits yet, we were all just chilling on the beach for now. Bob Marley's One Love was playing calmingly from Stacyk's van, which he had parked on the beach. One Love, One Heart Let's get together and feel all right As it was in the beginning (One Love) So shall it be in the end (One Heart) Give thanks and praise to the Lord and I will feel all right One more thing Let's get together to fight this Holy Armageddon (One Love) So when the Man comes there will be no no doom (One Song) Have pity on those whose chances grove thinner There ain't no hiding place from the Father of Creation I leaned against Skip and he brushed some of my blond hair behind my ear caringly. I smiled at this gesture, and he grinned back. Right now, still none of the guys knew about me and Skip. As far as they knew, Skip was high off his ass and was just flirting with me 'cause he was stoned. But we were basically secretly dating. I couldn't bring myself to tell the Z-Boys, and especially Jay. I felt like he really liked me, because he always showed affection towards me and rejected all other girls but me, even if they were prettier than me. \"Skip, RJ, I think we should go on the jetty,\" Avery suggested, coming up to Skip and me. Skip smirked at her, then took a drag of his cigarette; I could smell marijuana, but I really didn't care. \"I'll go!\" Jay said, and I couldn't tell if he was a little drunk or not. \"Me too!\" Stacey, Tony and Sid chirped in. \"Avery, baby doll, that's cool, I'll go.\" Skip slurred, \"RJ, c'mon, love.\" I nodded and Skip and I got up, and Avery started skipping across the sand, dragging Tony, hand-in-hand, with her. Everyone started hopping up the rocks out towards the jetty. The sun was behind a cloud, and the beach was deserted. The water was a little choppy, but it looked black. But because the sun was behind the clouds and attempting to shine through the clouds, so the tips of the water was shining. It was beautiful, the view from the jetty. All of us were hopping dangerously from one rock to another until we reached the tip of the jetty. Skip and I were laughing loudly as we practically dragged each other over the rocks, and Avery and Tony stopped for a minute to make-out. It just occured to me that they were dating, and I wanted to know how Sid would react to his twin sister dating one of his best friends. But I laughed again as Jay and Skip messed with my mind as we skipped over and through the rocks, and Stacey and Sid made countless jokes on how they knew I would fall. After many, many laughs and a few times almost slipping off the rocks, we finally made it to the end of the jetty. Avery and Tony sat down on a rock, hugging, and Jay dove into the deep water off the jetty. I laughed as Jay yelled at Stacey, Tony, Sid and me and Skip to jump in, but only Avery and the guys jumped into the water and they started splashing around, hysterically laughing. Skip grabbed my hand and we held each other'shands lazily. I walked up to the huge pole that served as a light for incoming ships on the Jetty. There was sharpie written everywhere, and some minor graffiti. Skip and I read a little bit, laughing at a few. I grabbed a black sharpie from my short's pocket, and scribbled in black, bold letters -- Skip Engblom & RJ Whitlock the Lords of Dogtown were here July 18th, 1974 Skip smiled at me, that smile that I love, and kissed me gently. I smiled through the kiss, and he pulled me close to him. The ocean waves crashed up against the rocks. Have you ever felt that amazing feeling of freedom, of the summer? Yeah. That's the feeling I was getting now. I could distantly hear Sweet Home Alabama playing from Stacyk's van. Big wheels keep on turning Carry me home to see my kin Singing songs about the Southland I miss Alabamy once again And I think its a sin, yes Well I heard mister Young sing about her Well, I heard ole Neil put her down Well, I hope Neil Young will remember A Southern man don't need him around anyhow Sweet home Alabama Where the skies are so blue Sweet Home Alabama Lord, I'm coming home to you Skip and I continued with the kiss for about a minute, then we broke away from each other. \"I love you.\" Skip said quietly. I smiled up at him, and I replied, \"I love you, too.\" He grinned back, and our \"romantic\" moment was broken when I heard a overly-hyper Jay shout, \"RJ, Skip! Come in the fucking water!\" I rolled my eyes, smiling. I nudged Skip. He smirked and dove into the water, purposely splashing Jay and Tony and Stacey and Sid. I still stood over them, on the jetty. \"C'mon, RJ!\" \"Come in, chicka!\" \"What's keepin' you, Riv?\" The guys all shouted for me to come in, so I ripped off my shirt and shorts, revealing my black and white striped bikini, which I rarely wore. I dove in, and the water was kind of warm, but a little cold. It was nice, though. Jay splashed me and I tackled him in the water. Later, after the many water fights off the jetty, we all got prepared to surf. After that, we'd go up to the pier tonight. Today would be a long day.[Chapter 22] Sorry for the late update! I hope you guys still like this story... Please review , I'd like to know if you want me to keep writing - I only got 3 reviews on the last chapter:[ Chapter Twenty-Two :: Fame Sid and Avery's House, 6:15 P.M. \"Damn. What should I wear?\" I pondered. Tonight was the big 'success' party at Zephyr. Almost everyone from Dogtown would be there. It was a party celebrating me, Stacey, Tony and Jay's newfound 'fame'. The word 'fame' worried me; I remembered the talk Skip and I had had a while ago about how money and fame could tear the Zephyr team apart. I didn't want this to happen, not at all. I'd already discussed this to the guys, and they agreed we wouldn't leave each other or Skip. Currently all three of us (me, Kathy, Avery) sat in Avery's hippie-style bedroom, getting ready for tonight's party. Kathy and Avery snickered, answering me, \"Something Skip can easily take off!\" I shot them dirty looks. The still found this hysterical and started cracking up. \"You guys are adorable together,\" Avery stated, \"He's taller than you and you have to reach up to kiss him...and you're both skateboarding hippies...so adorable.\" I smirked at Avery and playfully threw a pillow at her, \"You're a skater hippie, too!\" \"Yes, but you guys are super skanky hippie-style lovers.\" Kathy stated playfully, wagging a finger at me. I laughed along with them. \"So, really, what am I going to wear?\" I asked. Avery threw me a dress from her closet to shut me up. I held it up in front of me; it was really gorgeous, in my opinion. It was short, light pink-hot pink-light green-dark green-brown striped and showed off a little cleavage. I didn't wear anything on my feet, it looked better that way. I wore my hair down and with my bangs pulled back. I wanted to look nice for Skip. For the final touch, I slipped on the cuff that Skip gave me that was orginally his. It remided me of him so much. I couldn't wait to see him tonight. Zephyr Skate Shop, 7:35 P.M. We pulled up at Zephyr in Avery's black '71 convertible. Skip was outside in front with Billy, Chino and Stacyk, taking drags from their joints. Skip smirked and opened the car door for us, and I smiled at him as I stepped out. He pulled me into him and kissed me, putting a hand on my lower waist while I put my arms around his neck. He wore his hair pulled back and a Rolling Stones t-shirt with dark-rinse ripped jeans. As we both let go of the kiss, Skip and I grinned at each other. \"Lookin' good, RJ.\" He smiled. \"Not too bad yourself, Skip.\" I winked at him. A car with three valley skanks pulled up. One, a brunette smirked at Skip as he held me by the hips from behind, my back up against his chest. \"Hey, Skip, mind if we crash?\" She asked, eyeing me hatefully. \"Uh, sure.\" Skip said, uninterested, as I laughted lightly as he kissed my cheek. The valley skanks walked by, shooting me dirty looks. Avery, Kathy and I laughed as Skip and I walked into the party with Skip's gang. Avery snorted, \"Valley skanks -- they crash every party.\" Everyone was partying, drinking beer, making out and smoking. Jay, Stacey, Tony, Sid, Wentzle and everyone else on the official Zephyr team were huddled in a private corner. They all looked up as I came in with the girls and Skip and his friends. Of course the boys attacked me and Avery. \"Oh my God, RJ,\" Jay and Stacey's eyeballs popped out of their heads, \"You look hot! Not that you don't normally do...\" I laughed as the boys gawked at me. I looked over to Avery, who was kissing Tony. They were kind of cute together. Thunder Monkey, a somewhat-skanky but nice girl, that was friends with Avery and Kathy, strolled over. I knew Sid really liked her, so I elbowed him, \"I think the back room is all clear, kiddo.\" Sid's face lit up as Thunder Monkey smiled at him. \"Hey,\" She said shyly. \"Hey,\" He smiled goofily. I laughed lightly, shaking my head. I walked away to leave the two alone. Jay grabbed my hips and we playfully swung to the music. Of course, it was a very sexual song - Fame by David Bowie. Fame, (fame) makes a man take things over Fame, (fame) lets him loose, hard to swallow Fame, (fame) puts you there where things are hollow Fame (fame) I laughed as Jay did this. I couldn't take it of this ended; this friendship. Not just with Jay. With the Z-Boys. I'd have a meltdown; they were really all I had. They were like my family. If fame and money would tear us apart, I don't know what I'd do. Fame, it's not your brain, it's just the flame That burns your change to keep you insane (sane) Fame (fame) Fame, (fame) what you like is in the limo Fame, (fame) what you get is no tomorrow Fame, (fame) what you need you have to borrow Fame (fame) As the song ended, Jay hugged me and said he'd grab a beer and catch me in a minute. I nodded and walked over to the counter, where Skip was focusing on mixing some whiskey with something else. \"Skip,\" I held back laughing, \"What the hell is that?\" Skip grinned at me, like he was a little kid, \"Orange juice and whiskey.\" I rolled my eyes and smiled, \"Figures.\"[Chapter 23] Author's Note: New update! Sorry it's late! Pleaseee review! :] Chapter Twenty-Three :: Downfall of Dogtown? A young guy, at least thirty, dressed in a white suit walked in. Skip looked worried. He walked over to my other side. I stood faithfully next to him. \"Topper Burks. And what brings you to Dogtown?\" Skip asked mockingly, taking a drag as I jumped from the counter and let him put his arm around my waist. I happily leaned against Skip, then eyed this Valley rich guy suspiciously. \"Heard there was a party at my favourite surf ghetto, Engblom.\" Topper said, looking around the shop. I couldn't help hating this guy already. He reeked of cologne and cigarettes. Yeah, Skip smells like cologne and cigarettes, but it actually smells good. This \"Topper\" guy smelt like shit. \"Where's the famous Tony Alva, Skip? I want to congratulate him.\" Topper asked. I could tell this guy's confidence was way to high. \"We'll congratulate him for you, Topper.\" I said firmly. My statement made him look at me, he scanned me underneath his sunglasses that were perched on his long nose. \"And you must be River-Jill--or rather--RJ Whitlock,\" Topper smirked and grabbed my hand, kissing it, \"Pleasure to finally meet the famous, lovely lady of the Zephyr team. I'll be talking to you later.\" He turned and walked over to Tony, soon lost in the crowd. I scrunched my nose in distaste. Skip rolled his eyes, but I could tell he was not just annoyed ; he seemed generally upset and lost. I wrapped my hands around his neck and he pulled me in absent-mindedly. \"I think my hand is now diseased.\" I said to Skip as he kissed my cheek. He laughed lightly, \"I wouldn't doubt that, Riv.\" I smiled back at him, but I could still sense something wrong with him. He had that sad, puppy-dog look on his face. I kissed him on lips, and said I'd be right back. He nodded and took a drag from his joint, then started talking to Billy and Stacyk about how much a prick Topper is. Topper was talking to Jay and Stacey, but both boys looked totally uninterested and angry, soon walking away from Topper when he was mid-sentance. The only one Topper was getting along with was Tony. I took a sip from a beer as I felt two hands around my hips. I wipped around to be face-to-face with Topper. I smacked his hands away. No one could touch me like that, besides Skip. \"Don't be so mean, sweet-heart,\" Topper smirked at me viciously. \"Sorry, Topper. Already got a man,\" I hissed at him as I pushed the top of his obnoxiously showy hat down, but he pushed it back up. \"That's alright, RJ. I can easily fix that.\" He winked, putting down his glasses. I pushed him away. Skip walked in and he glared at Topper, \"What the fuck do you think you're doing, man?\" I looked at Skip and was about to walk over to him when Topper grabbed my waist. Topper smirked at me as I shot him a dark look, \"You're his whore, aren't you, RJ?\" My only response was to push him away, leaving a red mark on his arm. I pranced after Skip, who caught me as I came into him. \"What the hell was he doing to you?\" Skip asked me angrily. \"Trying to come onto me. Freaking rapist.\" I muttered. Skip was infuriated. I wanted to punch Burks in the face, too. \"No one fucking touches you,\" Skip growled, wrapping his arms around me definsively. \"But you,\" I added. I saw a hint of a smile on Skip's face. Jay, Stacey and Sid stormed over. They all looked infuriated, too. \"Skip, man! This Topper guy is a fucking douche, bro. Kick him out,\" Jay snarled. \"He's got Tony's attention, all right.\" Stacey muttered angrily. Skip shrugged, then looked at me, \"Oh yeah, he tried to hit on RJ.\" Jay burst out laughing, \"TOPPER BURKS TRIED TO hit on RJ? He's fucking thirty years old! You're eighteen!\" Jay told me. I shrugged. Skip squeezed my shoulder comfortingly. Stacey laughed a little too, along with Sid, \"You're kidding, right? That's mad creepy.\" \"No, man. This guy's a douche.\" Skip muttered angrily. \"So much for our deal about not splitting up with fame and shit, dude.\" Jay huffed, eyeing Tony and Topper. Skip raised his eyebrows from behind his black Ray-Bans, \"You boys aren't going to split?\" Stacey and Sid and Jay gawked at Skip, \"Why the fuck would be leave?\" Skip shrugged. \"Money, man.\" Jay snort-laughed, \"Dude, I couldn't give a shit about money.\" Sid shrugged, \"Same, Skip.\" We all looked at Stacey anxiously. Was he going to split, too? \"Money means nothing. We're family. And you don't split from family, right, man?\" Stacey cracked a smile. All of us grinned. We weren't splitting up. Except for Tony. Tony was as good as gone. No longer... a Lord of Dogtown.[Chapter 24] New chapter! Please REVIEW! :D Watched Lords of Dogtown again! *sigh* I miss Heath... Chapter Twenty-Four :: Remember the Old Times? Jay and I walked along the disgusting street from my house talking a little. I had needed to give Jay a wad of cash, actually $450, for his mom's rent on the house, which they were struggling to pay. I'd been saving up for a new surfboard, but Jay was much more important. Tony hadn't been seen in days. We knew he probably wasn't coming back. So far, Wentzle, Biniak , Shogo, Red Dog and Peggy has all split and gone there seperate ways like T.A. Skip didn't seem too bothered by it, as long as he had Stacey, Sid, Jay and I. I snatched Jay's bandanna off his head as we were walking, trying to lighten his upset mood. I knew him and Tony were best friends, but he'd have to get over it soon enough. Jay smiled and half-tackled me for it, but our little joke-brawl was interrupted by a sleek white car pulling up next to us. Tony sat at the wheel, in a pimped-out suit and expensive aviator sunglasses. Topper Burks sat next to him in the passenger seat. Tony grinned at Jay-boy and me. I looked at them both in disgust. Did Tony really want money this badly? \"Hey! Jay-boy, RJ!\" Tony smirked at us, as Jay and I kept walking. His car slowly kept up with us. Jay and I both spun to look at them again. Jay looked at me, as if to say, 'let me handle this'. I nodded in response. \"T.A., man. We haven't seen you in days,\" Jay said calmly. \"Where you been, bro?\" Tony shrugged, \"Man, you're not serious, right? You're staying with Skip?\" I could see that look in Jay's eye. He was really getting agitated, \"Yeah, dude. There a problem?\" Tony shook his head, \"No, bro. But it's just, you could be doing a lot better, you know? Same to you, RJ.\" Topper smirked at me and Jay's expressions of annoyance, \"Jay, River, you could be making a lot of cash, right? Tony here's gonna be really famous. Why don't you come and we'll make a deal?\" Tony seemed enthusiastic, \"You'll be famous, dude.\" Jay and I exchanged glances. Then I spoke up, \"You know, Tony, I don't see it happening, man.\" Tony and Topper looked at each other. \"Tony, dude, maybe another time.\" Jay's face was mixed with disappointment and sadness. Tony shrugged, \"Sounds good, bro.\" Topper smirked, \"Suit yourselves.\" In an instant, they were gone. Jay sighed heavily as we walked into Philaine's house. A party was going on at the Adams' house. A bunch of adults were getting wasted and drunk. Jay carried a bag of beer in his hand, my hand in his other one. Philaine saw us come as Jay and I approached her. She was sitting on the couch with three guys. I felt bad for Jay, after his father, Donnie Adams, left not too long ago. \"River! Jay, baby!\" Philaine got up and hugged us both. I smiled as Philaine smiled back at me. \"Hey, mom. Nice party, I guess?\" Jay kidded with her, \"But who's that guy over there? He looks like a freakin' cop.\" Philaine laughed lightly, \"No, no, baby,\" she guided us both to a tall man who was loosing his hair, \"This is a friend of you're uncle's. He wants to talk to you and RJ.\" The man seemed at least in his late forties, early fifties. He smiled at me and Jay, shaking my hand then Jay's, \"Peter Darling, nice to meet you both.\" Jay nodded as a greeting. I could tell he was still angry about Tony, as he kept walking into the kitchen. Philaine, me and this Peter guy followed after him. Jay set the beer down on the kitchen counter. He pulled me close to him, Philaine and Peter opposite us. \"So what's this about, man?\" Jay asked. I stayed silent. \"RJ, Jay.\" Peter said carefully, \"You are both the rising stars of the face of skateboarding. I'd like to give you an offer.\" Jay arched an eyebrow, and didn't respond, but waited to hear what this guy had to say. \"We at the firm feel that you and RJ would make the perfect pair to be the spokesman and spokeswoman for Slinky.\" Peter said slowly. Jay and I exchanged amused glances. \"Dude, I don't know...\" Jay smirked, obviously thinking that promoting a kids' toy was hilarious. \"We're prepared to offer both of you $10,000 each, for one day's work.\" Peter said pleadingly. \"In advance.\" Philaine's face was so happy. She could pay the rent with the money, and I could help Skip with keeping the shop open, as it threatened to close if the money couldn't get paid. \"It's done, then.\" Jay smiled hesitantly. He looked at me. I nodded, \"Definate.\" I muttered. \"On your mark,\" the race starter said. I lurched forward competitively. I looked over, seeing Stacey at my right and Tony at my left. Stacey and I smiled at each other, while Tony shot me a glare. Everything had changed. It was no longer about skating for fun, or carefree surfing every morning with Skip, Chino and Billy. \"Get set. Go,\" The official shot the starting gun in the air. We sped down the track, Stacey finishing first, then me, then Tony. Everyone cheered, and we all got our trophies. I kissed Skip on the cheek as he congradulated me. Me and Stacey were excited we got good placings, while Tony lost his temper and broke his trophy in half. Jay, who hadn't participated in this competition, looked at me and Stacey with an unbalanced look. After many competition, losing some and winning some, Stacey being on a Charlie's Angels episode, going to Chicago to promote Zephyr, and Jay, Sid, Stacey and me sneaking into a junkyard to skate, everything was happening so fast. I didn't know if I really liked it, the fame. I missed the old days, of being care-free, skating around Dogtown, where everything was simple. I got the feeling Skip didn't like it, either. Jay seemed to hate it, too. One evening, Jay and I skated onto the broken-down pier of Pacfic Ocean Park. \"Do you ever miss the old days, Riv?\" Jay sighed as he looked out to the setting sun, \"I mean, just being a team, you know? We never see Wentzle or Red Dog or Biniak anymore. Tony is an asshole now. We surfed and skated when we wanted too, not when other people did.\" I nodded as we skated out on the pier, \"It's true, the time is flying by way too fast. I miss the old times.\" Jay looked at me, grabbed my hand, \"Come on!\" I eyed him, \"Where are we going?\" He didn't respond. He helped me up a huge pedestal that was on the edge of the pier, and he lifted himself up after me. He started boarding and I followed him. We both skated off the pedestal on the pier, holding onto the bottoms of our boards tight. \"THE LORDS OF DOGTOWN!\" Jay shouted as we both jumped into the sea below us.[Chapter 25] My God ; I haven't updated in such a long time...I'm so sorry! But...wow; this is the very last chapter of Summer Never Ends. Thank you to all who have read this fanfic, it's greatly appreciated. I might be making another LODT story, but not a sequal:( Thanks again to all who have read this fanfiction. :) Please review, please :) Chapter Twenty-Five :: The Last Days of Summer Things had gotten worse, I had to say. Jay was getting depressed; he joined a gang and shaved off his long, dirty blond hair, now showing a zipper tattoo on his head. Stacey hooked up with a girl he met while on the road; we barely saw him anymore. Tony had gotten punched out at the major skateboard competition, keeping him out of competing for a while, getting various eye surgeries. And, Pacific Ocean Park Pier had burnt to the ground. Dogtown was going down the drain, it was a literal downfall. And I couldn't help but feel that it was all our faults. Skip was upset by it, but he didn't show it. I'd finally moved out of my foster parents' house. And I was free. Or, it seemed that way. A few nights later, I was with Skip on the shoreline wall, just right near the beach. Skip looked totally different now, too; his blond hair was short, clean-cut shaved face, and you could actually see his eyes, now that he barely wore his black Ray-Bans anymore. His personality was still a jerk-like one, but majorly toned down. And he lost his slurred, drunken persona; he was completely sober. But he still smoked. We walked back down to see people we thought we wouldn't see again for a while ; Jay Adams, Stacey Peralta, and Kathy Alva. Kathy was hardcore gothic now, dark black hair and dark makeup. Jay was completely a gang member. Stacey was with his girlfriend, but she walked back to the car. Skip squeezed my hand, and I nodded. We walked up to them. \"Whoa, RJ, Skip,\" Jay said, \"Haven't seen you guys in a while...and I didn't know you guys were dating.\" He looked at me and Skip's hands, which we linked. \"Things are different now, man,\" Skip shrugged, \"And yeah, we are.\" Stacey nodded in agreement, \"Tony's in the hospital and shit...\" \"I think everything is just...different now.\" Jay said quietly. Kathy shrugged, \"You guys heard about Sid, right?\" Me, Skip, Stacey's heads shot up in curiosity, \"What?\" Kathy bit her lip, \"He's sick, real sick. That ear thing? They found out it's a tumor. He has brain cancer.\" I wanted to cry. I wanted to cry because Sid was dying. I wanted to cry because I missed the old times. I wanted to cry because everything was falling apart. I wanted to cry because Dogtown was done and gone. \"We're all going to hang out tomorrow...can you go?\" Jay shrugged, looking at both of us. \"I don't know, man...I'm supposed to leave for Florida tomorrow...\" Stacey said. \"And we've got a competition tommorow...\" Skip said quietly. Kathy looked disappointed, and her and her other friend headed back to Jay's car, where his gang waited for him. Jay shrugged, \"If that's what you wanna do...I'll see you guys around,\" We said 'good-bye' awkwardly and sadly, and we all left the dark street. Thoughts raced through my mind. Screw this fucking stupid competition. I got dressed hastily, running through Skip's backroom, where I was currently living with him, with my bra and underwear. \"Are you ready yet?\" Skip complained as I grabbed my shorts and slipped them on, then my shirt. I nodded, \"Yeah, let's go.\" Jay was there with a very, very sickly Sid. He was now in a wheel chair with stitches on the right side of his head. I smiled sadly as I saw him, and I kissed him, \"Sid, man, it's great to see you.\" I patted Jay on the shoulder in greeting, and Sid jokingly said, \"Yeah, it must not be great to see me like this, though, RJ.\" He puffed on a joint, and me and Jay smirked at him. Skip smirked at him sadly, too, as he came in, slapping hands with him as a greeting, \"Hey, man.\" \"So Stacey's too good to show up, huh?\" Jay snorted, as Sid gave him the joint, \"Him and T.A. off making their millions.\" \"I wouldn't say that.\" A voice came from behind us, and we spun aroumd to see Stacey coming up the walk, half-smiling. \"Wow, it's awfully nice of you to bequeath your star-althete-like presence amoung us lesser life forms,\" Sid shot Stacey a look. \"Sid, man,\" Stacey choked, then hugged him. \"So what happened to Florida, man?\" Jay sniggered. \"I guess I missed my flight,\" Stacey shrugged, then hugged me and said hi to Skip. \"Won't Larry, um...kill you--for that?\" Jay retorted. \"I don't care. I'm leaving. I already got a logo, anyways.\" \"You got a logo?\" I asked, as Skip put his arm around me, I snuggled in. \"I mean, c'mon, RJ. If he has a logo, then he's gotta screw the team,\" Jay snapped sarcastically. \"Sid, maybe I'll just come back later, man.\" Stacey got up to leave in annoyance of Jay's comments. \"No, Stace, you guys have to check something out in the backyard. By the pool,\" Sid insisted, then added to Jay, Skip, and me, \"You too, assholes.\" As we finally got to the backyard, a smile came to my face. Five skateboards were on the pool's steps neatly. \"Dudes, look in the deep end. There's a Mexican in my pool, and he ain't pushing a lawn mower.\" Sid half-smiled. Tony was there, smiling. Stacey, Jay and Skip didn't seem angry, but they seemed a little annoyed. \"Don't make me come up there and kick your ass, Sid.\" Tony laughed. He came up, and tried to lighten the mood. But no one seemed interested. \"What are you girls waiting for?\" Sid barked, \"My dad said we could trash it.\" After a little bit of hesitation, we all jumped into the water-less pool and started carving it up. Jay and Stacey pushed Sid's wheelchair so he could be in the middle of all the action. We all skateboarded around him, carving up the walls of the empty pool. It truly brought back old memories. But deep inside I knew nothing could ever be the same again. Wish You Were Here started playing from the outside stereo system, and it made me sad as the piano played gently in a sad tune. So, so you think you can tell Heaven from Hell, Blue skies from pain. Can you tell a green field From a cold steel rail? A smile from a veil? Do you think you can tell? Did they get you to trade Your heroes for ghosts? Hot ashes for trees? Hot air for a cool breeze? And cold comfort for change? Did you exchange A walk on part in the war, For a lead role in a cage? Tony Alva went on to become the first skateboard champion. He runs Alva Skates and sells his products all around the world. He still sneaks into backyards to skate empty pools. Stacey Peralta started his own skateboarding company. Introduced Tony Hawk to the sport, and is now an award-winning director. Jay Adams is recognized as the spark that ignited skateboarding. Now he resides in Hawaii, where he skates and surfs up the waves. He resently was out on bail after being held for being caught with drugs. Sid died shortly after the Dogbowl skate sessions of brain cancer. Skip Engblom & RJ Whitlock got engaged after the Dogbowl sessions, shortly after having a child, and Jay is the godfather. Skip still owns Zephyr Skate & Surf Shop in Venice Beach, California. RJ still is very close to Jay, Stacey and Tony, and sees them regularly. So this is the day, the place, the time -- that summer ends; time is a valuble thing. So I guess summer had to end. Going our seperate ways was difficult, heartbreaking. But you can't change the past. The End. ","Summary":" Chapter One :: Welcome to Dogtown \"Dogtown\", California. 5:00 A.M. \"Oh, shit!\" Tony screeched a"}]